50: 'I love feeling affectionate for the one I love and care for. I care about her very deeply. I want to protect her, make her happy, and always be by her side.  I feel that romantic love is probably...
Kind of an update on my past post above. Whatever you'd call a friendship that you are also very close and affectionate with someone, is what I'm in now. We're not boyfriend/ girlfriend, since of the...
It feels weird being in love for the first time...there's nothing I want more now than to be with the person i love, but meeting people through online communities is hard because you don't actually...
Unsure if i completely understand the question, but i am in a similar place right now. There's a person i like, I have told her i like her and she did say she is attracted to me too, but because of...
Not often, but I tend to lose it more when it comes to things happening to others than myself. When feeling emotionally unstable I have ripped into people for treating friends poorly, and i become a...
I noticed i stopped coming here for a long time. Used to come here every day, then I just started to feel like i didn't need to come here anymore after a while, then one day it completely stopped. I...
It depends on how you look at it. Protecting others makes me happy, and i love to be there for my friends. I'm always there, lending a shoulder to lie their head on.
I start swearing alot. But only when alone. I don't like disturbing others
I don't believe in one single reason for living. Whatever your meaning in life is, it's not pre-determined by anything but you.
It's very hard to explain...things like social etiquette I just did not understand, and in some ways, I still don't understand. That's only a tiny fragment of what I go through, its just extremely...
Yeah, most of my analyzing was subconscious, but after MBTI i realized this, and in turn started doing it even MORE.  But talking about looking for the deeper meaning to life and the reasons...
This was an aquired thing for me, I didn't start doing this until something impacted me and inspired me enough to start thinking this way
Ugh. I'm starting to have a hard time getting to sleep. Monday was also a complete mess. I haven't felt that emotionally unstable in a long time. But I'm really happy for my friends who were able to...
ISFJ's naturally seek validation, or just being acknowledged of what they are doing. This seems like she wanted it a little too much, or she doesn't feel like you give her enough validation and...
It's really hard to put my finger on why... but i know i don't like seeing people sad or distressed, and i don't like being rude. And as i said, i like the feeling from helping others. Maybe it's...
Not EXACTLY sure on what you are asking, but even if i'm nice to someone, i can still be annoyed with them or not want to be around them. If someone just walks up to me and starts talking to me, it...
I am truly excited for one of the first times in a VERY long time. Been finding more communities, been getting higher up in the amount of people i talk to online, and i'm starting to find more and...
ISFJ, 2w1  Uhh...i really don't know. I just get a happy feeling inside by helping others
I do this all the time, but at the same time, I usually don't understand what a certain expression means, but I'll still pick up on it.  It also doesn't help that my Aspergers makes it hard for me...
Ugh. I feel so drained. I can balance school and work pretty well, but i had to take someone else's shift this week because he couldn't be at work at all this week for an emergency. My week has...
Mostly serious in real life, but not as serious on social networking sites or when speaking through the internet
Hello, nice to meet you!  Hope you enjoy it here!
It really depends. I try to not hold a grudge, but there are certain people that i have dealt with that i absolutely never want to see again, and just the sight of them angers me.    ALL THE TIME...
When you care more for people you only know online and follow on social media more than you do for yourself, to the point where you feel like you are butting into their personal lives.
Math. Mainly because traditional teaching methods just don't work with me. I need to see everything in-depth, and teachers just don't have that time to go over things so extensively, and all my...
Yes, i am guilty of this...  Just look at my avatar picture
I am definitely a follower, and i feel awkward when in any sort of leader position.  When it comes down to decisions, i tend to just go with what's going on. I don't like change, so i stick to...
Thanks for the kind words <3  You can only lend your shoulder so many times before you need a shoulder to lie your head on too. Sometimes just having a great friend is all it takes. My friends say...
Not in the way you do, but i like to go over my actions and feelings, and decipher what they mean. I used to be fine not knowing why i'm feeling a certain way, but after i learned i was an ISFJ, it...
Major Arcana - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia  It's been something i have been thinking about. Also, related to me playing Persona recently, wondering what i would fall under. It's hard for me to...
It's ok, we'll find a way to blame ourselves if you did :P
Basically, my softer side. When reading a book, or playing a game, I can get really into it, and if something drastic happens I will get sad over it, and I HATE it when people say it's just a game,...
Anything immoral is an immediate no. Anything that makes me uncomfortable, I won't come out and say no, but I'll try and weasel my way out of it.  I'm sticking to being myself. The reason I don't...
Cause we are all in front of computer screens :P  Seriously though, if it weren't for online and anonymous interaction, I would never have gotten more friends, or be where I am at now. I scoff at...
Yeah...this is still a problem with me. Even if someone deserves it, I'll feel bad about it
My head's in a weird place right now... I'm starting to get more social, both in real life, and online. I have a couple friends coming to my place sunday, and I'm starting to get to know more people...
Not so much Movies, but if i ever get into a game, i'm probably reading the wiki alongside it. If it has a story, i spend all my time thinking about the story, even minuscule details, and often...
Conflicts have always been hard for me, but I'm slowly getting better. It's hard for me to let go of memories, because I remember them so clearly. It also helps me in future conflicts, because I...
I started to closely watch my actions, and view how my actions effect others. If I notice something I do affects someone in a negative way, I make sure that I dont do it again, and remember how...
Some people don't have the same mindset as me, they just won't understand. I see my traits as something that defines me, others see it as a liability. I'm used to being emotional, i'm used to wanting...
If I'm feeling emotionally unstable, any little thing with annoy me. If I'm ever angry, I need time alone or I'll snap. But most of the time I will try and hide it as hard as I can, because despite...
Some of this stuff i just learned to deal with. It's a part of me, and i don't want to change that. There are things here and there that i'm working on, but i don't see alot of things as...
I wouldn't say taking care, but i feel like i'm good for listening to others problems and at least trying to help them out. But some days i'll feel emotionally/ mentally drained, and don't have the...
Decided to read through this a bit more instead of just skimming it over    Haha, my parents know this part about me too well. They often refrain from going into detail because of this   ...
I was under the impression that ISFJ's tend to not like programming? Because that's what i want to learn and get a job in, and all the ISFJ type explanations I've read have posted that is a dislike...
I have traits from both INFJ's and ESFJ's, so it's not normal to not be able to find your type. I originally came off as an ESFJ, but after redoing the test at a different state of mind, I got ISFJ,...
I have been underestimated before in terms of observatory knowledge. I have a relatively good memory, and i have surprised people several times by paying attention to things that they never noticed,...
I agree with others saying that you shouldn't tell them if they are going to act hostile towards you for it. Best bet is to pay close attention to your parents, and listen to anything that could...
I realized how close ISFJ's are to INFJ's after i decided to assign MBTI types to characters of video games i had played (i was really bored that day), and one of the characters that i was able to...
Yep, i identify perfectly as a Turbulent ISFJ. Although, i am not nearly as self-conscious as i used to be. Marching band in high-school was definitely a big help, i wouldn't be where i am today if i...'"


54: 'I'm currently rooting around in the forum, looking for a place to rant. I think this thread is as good as any!   I have a friend who asks me to go with her to a bunch of events and stuff that I do...
I got Reformer (VDI-S).  Nature: 53% Visionary Tactics: 77% Diligent Energy: 68% Introverted Identity: Supporting  Interesting -- thanks for bringing it to our attention, Steadfast04 !
But... everyone's mom is ISFJ, are they not?!   :rolleyes:
Oh hey, inregardstomyself! How are you today? Asking for a friend, huh? Are you asking for your bff Rose?   :wink:
I look 12!!!!!!!!! :D :D :D -ISFJ who is being a big lurker
How I recognize Fe in myself... I care soooooo much about how things that happen affect other people's feelings. I want to make sure everyone is feeling okay all the time. My most-used phrase when...
After a break-up I need SPACE! No contact with my ex -- just polite distance and time. I need to turn my attention back to my own life and regain energy, sense of hope, and purpose.   I've been...
I've experienced most of these struggles, but right now in my life being assertive, being overwhelmed with conflict, and stressing over the uncertainty of the future are what I'm dealing with. I want...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT70RUV_9rw&list=PLZovIqon2N4KLOh4sSI27PHBJb0p1_1t3  Angel Olsen's album Burn Your Fire for No Witness  :blushed:
I read through this and went to go thank it only to learn that I had already thanked it. :rolleyes: Hehe! I've been decluttering and reorganizing my closet space and storage boxes over the past few...
This is a rant from an ISFJ who's trying to find the right sort of person to date and settle down with. Erm how do I put this.... My last three romantic relationships have been with NF types, and I...
I've been known to make others wheeze with laughter and to make beverages (or in the case of my brother one time, soup!) come out of their noses. ;D
Yes. This. I keep reading that S outnumbers N out there in the world, and I'm like... anecdotally in my life, NO! I am surrounded by N's. I really do appreciate what they bring in the way of...
I just wanted to say that I really appreciate this thread. This is stuff I spend a lot of time thinking about and trying to figure out for myself, so it's helpful to read perspectives from other ISFJ...
Haaaaalp!   Assuming they have not been severely censored in their upbringing, INFJs are generally happy to share their feelings and perspectives. In fact, given the right opportunity, INFJs will...
I'm sensitive to hearing criticism, even if it's not directed at me. Hearing people level a lot of criticism just wears me out!
Type 6: When they are being ‘testy’, support them with genuine reassurance to ease their anxiety rather than trying to win the argument.  This is so accurate! Just last week I discovered that I...
ISFJs are cuuuuuute!  522121 Favorite musician = Kaki King  522129 Mini golf on the side of a mountain  522137 Me and my cat, Indigo. We hang out!
Sure, I'll bite!  1. What's your age/age range? 28 years young  2. Where are you located? (City, State, Country, Region) Tennessee, USA  3. What's your current occupation/job/career? Admin....
The album Dopamine by BøRNS
Are you.... OVERWHELMED by all the possible things I could be referring to? :laughing:  I mean like I'm doing nothing at work and then all of a sudden four different requests come in at the same...
Is anyone else feeling easily overwhelmed?
Kate Bush's The Dreaming   https://youtu.be/JWy8nONlh_Q
I love that you've been posting more recently, teddy564339!  About the whole 6th sense about other people and not being able to translate that sense into valid arguments -- YES. Omg yes. I...
I can attest to both the statement about healthy INFJs expressing love and to the challenge of emotional exhaustion.  I've been in a relationship with an INFJ (who is moderate in introversion and...
It's been quite a while since I've had a long flight. On the short ones, I either read a book the entire time or just zone out and think/daydream.  I usually travel alone; I don't know under what...
Who me? Oh, I don't have a question. I just popped over to say that I'm in a romantic relationship with an INFJ, and it's amazing. She's amazing!  :proud:  Carry on, friends!
Aw, man! I wanted to like you, slothpop. (It's okay, I can get quite annoyed by xSFJs as well.) Off topic, I really appreciated something you posted in the Type 6 forum about feeling equal in...
Haha! You know you're an INTJ when you doubt whether the people who claim to be are INTJ are, in fact, INTJ? ;) It does seem to be a popular type to talk about somehow. I have at least one confirmed...
My mind is really so boggled by this right now. Where are these supposedly common sensors?? Almost EVERYONE around me is an N! I'm starting to think it's because my interests are relevant to the big...
Dear ISFP,  You are my best friend, and I love you sooooooo much!!!!! Sorry not sorry about being so mushy today. :kitteh:  Love, ISFJ
When your friends from different parts of your life are all around one table, enjoying each others' company, and you feel the highest delight over having brought them all together!!
My thought was, I bet angelcat replied to say she doesn't drink. I see you, girl! :tongue: Good, stay out of trouble.
I think about this often, and honestly I have absolutely NO idea which type I would get on best with in a romantic relationship. I've dated an INFP, ENFJ (so many difficult differences for me), and...
Usually fairly happy (although I can be sad depending on my emotional state going in) and verrrrrry chatty. Any thoughts that I've been carefully suppressing the urge to say out loud around people...
People making statements about me/my personality, especially in a group setting, like they know me when they really DON'T. One coworker said, You're such an INTJ; you just want to work at your...
I may have been primed by seeing angelcat's comment first, but yeah. The BMW. I like my sedans kind of sporty (and you can quote me on that).
Haha johnson.han.3 that was a funny reply.  thatkillsme When I first joined PerC, my avatar was a cute little chameleon. I have since morphed into the gentle young stag you see before you now....
Ugh, double-post.
Thanks! Yeah, I wondered right before signing up for the class how helpful it would actually be. I can organize information (plot) all day long, but will it actually help me get the thing written? In...
Everyone's responses sound so fun! This summer I'm going to do a bit of traveling to a couple of places I've never been, continue to reach out to people to develop friendships, continue to work on...
Hanging around some types, comparatively, I seem like a pessimistic grumpus. Around others I have the best social skills. How I perceive myself can change depending on who I'm with, it seems....
Shoegaze, YESSSS!! Good stuff! My friend introduced me to this song, you might like it:  https://youtu.be/r1ll91YBdVE
lizw47 It appears that you arrived before Spring! I'm sure it will be along shortly... ?
Welp, here are some photos of this ISFJ...  293162 It snowed in late February and again in early March this year. Snow days are rare where I live!  293146 Silly!
So dainty!!
Thank you, WhateverLolaWants. That's interesting, I dated an INFP, and when it was over she moved on really fast. I actually thought we were still kind of in the gray area until she told me. Then of...
I like to label things and people and put them in boxes. I know it might feel limiting to some of you, but it gives me a sense of order and peace of mind.
I don't listen to pop music, and I have pretty particular tastes. I like a lot of ambient music -- music that acts as a soundtrack to my thoughts and the world when I'm driving or out walking. And I...
So, I just got out of a romantic relationship. I've dated about 4 or 5 people total in my life, and after those relationships ended the other person has found someone new to date before I have. I...'"


89: 'i beat that by seeking out a housemate that worked away months at a time, and when he was home, he visited his mates after they finished work, so i was alone 80% of the time :D     oh i dont...
There's no sticky for You Know You're an Extrovert when anymore...
I often wonder if this is only an ISFJ thing, or perhaps other types have this issue as well....Maybe we aren't alone in this world...unlike on PerC, where we seem to be a minority, or perhaps thats...
scarygirl we're not all that bad :) very quirky in our own little way. more likely to 'open up' and be fun and crazy with people we don't know over a resource such as the internet, there's no...
ok, so i recently found this band earlier this year, no one i know, knows who they are.  I should make a point that I am from Australia. Anyway, i fell in LOVE with their music, so moving, powerful,...
Ok...i have ariel singing part of my world in there... and LOTS more, but really, am i going to copy and paste my whole playlist! haha
wow, finally other peopl who cant stand Jacob. All the people i know who have read the books prefer jacob over edward, preferrably id rather a human, but jacob to me seems so boring. he doesnt seem...
awww. i really like them, but they never come all the way down to australia.... so oh well...
agree completely...
Striver then Achiever no idea.
My friend just bought a bow tie, it suits her so much, its so cute similar to this stye http://www.brixpicks.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/bowtie2.jpg
ok, ive gotten through 60pages...getting tiring... where are all the ISFJ posters? ok, so we might not be as interesting as some other kinds, but surely someones done some? have only seen a few...
http://i1038.photobucket.com/albums/a465/acey86/rings-10Large.png I have this, but in yellow gold - Ceylon Sapphire and Diamond - my favourite stones...
Welcome fellow ISFJ-er! And fellow Libran! and fellow newbie :happy: Enjoy the forums :laughing:   and i forgot - fellow Gen Y-er
no, i can't relate. i often think others are naive, but not myself, im usually up on things.
Completely true. Won't utter hardly anything on a subject i dont know about/arent interested in, just a nod, smile, 'uh-huh' style. Something I know about, especially if people dont expect you to...
I sort of agree...though not necessarily sure if its due to type or simply the person.... I always pick the ugliest animal etc, or the one with a problem, so i can take care of it and it will love...
Sense of Humor        82% Sense of Fashion        69% Relationship Intentions88% Intellectual Pursuits        39% Physical Appearance67% Financial Situation        50% Hobbies and...
Im terribly goofy when im surrounded by my close friends or family...to the point where theyvre been queried before about my introvertedness and all gone...HER? an introvert?! no way... If im having...
Hugs are nice, when theyre from people you know...and arent creepy hugs. I like unsuspecting hugs. For example, a friend of mine, who ive been seeing more of lately (just moved house, closer to...
I think that's it! I like to live unnoticed, and hate being centre of attention or, person of ones attention... perhaps this is why ill always be single...i dont like people making me out to be...
Happy  made me smile :) we could all use a little love now couldn't we. I dont know if its me or my type, but id rather things that arent physical. Quality Time spent with special people in your...
Hi, thought i would take the time to introduce myself. Im a 24 yr old female from Brissie, Australia. Don't know many people who use the MBTI system, but learnt about it, and my type in my last...
I was wondering if other ISFJ's have a tendancy to feel awkwardness or embarrassment in general situations?  say: My phone rings in public I have to walk through a group of people alone...
Agree with this post. i HATE phones. I hate talking on them.  I feel uncomfortable and totally agree with the awkward silence thing.  I tend to think, perhaps over analyse, thigns that are said and...
I get misunderstood also...i dont like the shape of my mouth (weird, perhaps?) but when i smile with teeth, the corners of my mouth go outward, not upward, and looks kind of like a grimace.  smiling...
Thats fairly much me spot on!
I no longer sleep with a teddy (24yr old female) but I got a puppy to replace it....I can't sleep if she's still awake somewhere else in the house, always in and out of sleep wondering when she will...
I'm a building designer...works for me :) theres structure but some area for learning and thinking outside the square. lots of deadlines. and most of the other people i work with seem to be...'"


133: 'Absolutely. I feel like running away and going somewhere else for awhile. Which is totally against my nature. I have one kid with another one on the way. Its scary because I feel Im going to be so...
For me, Ive been in quiet a few serious relationships. But my problem is taking risks on my heart. Once I fall in love I fall extremely hard with no looking back... then when I have a chance to look...
Me and my INTP of a year in a half broke up and it really has taken its toll on me... He broke up with me.  Anyway, It has made me look at myself objectively and I was wondering if any of my fellow...
1. Happy are you? 8 Im pretty content at the moment, little worry here and there, but im excited for the up-coming months  2. Socially skilled are you? Yikes... To be honest, probably a 5  3....
But, I know I am a 6... Theres no doubting that. And the only wings for a 6 is 5 and 7. I dont compare to the 7 at all. Its confusing to me. Im 100% sure Im a 6,though. Ive never tested a 1 or a 3. I...
Usually... The internet and all its wonderfulness. Or Netflix'n it like nobodies business....
......when I make someone else do all the talking! I hate talking to strangers... or anyone outside my circle. Plus, I never know what to say....
Hmmm... What creeps me out? People in weird places... Like, what the heck are they doing?! Why are they in that specific place? And usually, these people arent exactly dressed to impress which makes...
My impatience is provoked from people. I can wait... but that wait time is like an hour. I keep telling myself Anyyyy minute now... Anyyyyy minute! *sigh* .......When it comes to inanimate objects...
I will say I do not like these shows. As a matter of a fact I dont even watch tv. Netflix, I do watch. And usually, it is Reality-based Tv like listed above... Like: Hoarders,Fatal...
Yeah, I dont really do the silly dance thing or dance at all... Now, acting like an idiot and trying to make people laugh? Thats me all over. Saying completely random things that sound so retarded...
Correct me if Im mistaken but isnt there a thread about alcohol and ISFJ? I remember throwing my 2 cents in that....  But, for the sake of this thread....  In my experiences I can drink alot and...
Speaking with experience in being in an INTP/ISFJ relationship. Ive asked my INTP why he wanted to date me. He knew what he was getting into.. And he simply told me that because we are opposite we...
Honestly, Let it go. She needs to see that on her own for her to change her mind. I know youre a concerned friend but like you said when you talk about it shes angry. Its obvious she wants the...
Im thinking about being pregnant again. The last time I got pregnant was 6 years ago almost. Im with an amazing man and I want to start a family. We've been together on and off for 4 years, almost 5....
Im worried about my boyfriend, actually. I cant stand to see him unhappy, even though I am not causing his unhappiness I feel Im almost useless because all I can do is support him and give him the...
I do believe in myself. I know my opinions are just as valid as the next person. Im not afraid to put my two cents in just discouraged in the fact that it might not hold weight thus making me second...
This is absolutely immature. I cant believe someone would stoop this low and make a complete mock of a chart that isnt even vaild. It really gives the MBTI a bad name..... Smh*
Youre absolutely right. I totally feel that way. I cruise through plenty of forums and I come across something I feel I should put my 2 cents in and I feel because Im a sensor that I wont know what...
Im with an INTP... Im all the time telling him he should be with an NT of some sort. He gets upset with me, telling me he loves me too much to leave me for something more easy... He tells me he...
1. If you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal, would animal would represent you? lol, I gotta really think about this one... Probably a fish. Quiet, fun to look at and silly at times.  ...
Well after a heartfelt conversation with my INTP boyfriend (we've been fighting alot) He came home and surprised me with icecream and cheesecake! I guess to make me feel better...and which it did. :)
My avatars are from my favorite band. Tool... Not only do I love their music. But, I enjoy Alex Grey art. Im also very interested in the human body and how it functions. Then again, I might change...
How to make a cheese sauce out of a block of cheese   Came out horrible *face palm
Ive actually been curious to say the least! I definitely have a need to understand you guys. Very interesting people :)
Ive dated ESFP,ISFJ and Currently an INTP.... I gotta say my own type was boring lol. ESFP was good but he was so unstable and the INTP is my complete opposite but something makes me want to stay.......
Well for the longest time Ive tested 6w5.... Lately ive been testing 4 something. They both have accurate descriptions but I side more with being a 6. I dont see myself being a 6w5, I dont find...
Wow! He soooo needs to read this! ....This is exactly how I think he should handle it. Well, after many fights and crying (me crying) He has agreed to do these things. (passwords,telling me every...
Yeah, We were trying that for about a month or so then we decided to stop. Our relationship is too weak for that kind of lifestyle so we ended it to save what we have left.... But, before we wanted...
Sorry Forgot to reply
Im not looking for anyone to side with me Im looking for advice,tips, ways to get beyond the feeling of being lied to my face. But, I digress. I guess Im too old fashioned for my own good :/
....Well, its been a week or so and everything has been pretty quiet on his end. He tells me everything that he does when Im not around. So, of course im going to be skeptical, But the feeling of...
Well, when He tells me straight to my face he knows its wrong and he promises me over and over he's going to stop and doesnt. I think its beyond what youre trying to imply... Isnt that alittle...
Thanks for your opinions.... No one else have some advice to get over trust issues?? In a more ISFJ way, something I could relate with.
Okay, So me and my INTP boyfriend have been really going through a serious rough patch. Besides the usual stuff in our kinda relationship (misunderstanding,communication breakdown,ect,ect) There has...
*cough* Yeah, I was the loner totally. I saw kids i knew from before in other classes but they didnt even knew I existed. So i skipped a crap ton(to hang with older kids) and I couldve cared less...
Ill speak for myself and say I have a photographic memory. I can sit something down and know its exact location. Some people are just forgetful. I can be forgetful, there can be a small conversation...
Hmmm, stuff I say.....  Well, All im trying to do is get my point across Hey? Dont forget to get to check the *blah blah* What do you want to do today? Ow! my ____ hurts!  *sigh* I...
Whew! Now I dont feel so bad about my non-creative self! lol Youre not alone!!   ....Now, I can crochet here and there. I would like to get into clay pottery but I cant draw like these fine people...
Hmm, Usually it depends with the company I have. If its me and the other half we would either go out and eat somewhere or if it is limited funds I would do something small like bake a cake or some...
Liquor or Beer I act the same. I have my spurts of drinking a shit ton and drinking once a month, really depends on my company. If I am with friends I know... I get chill, kinda observing everything...
1) I would never spend money that is given to me except for what I asked for... And for some reason I did spend it I would put it to another priority like bills or getting my car fixed (if it was...
....My favorite season is Summer. So that would be a No lol. But! A/C in the summer to sleep?! thats a Yes!
...Physically: Tall,long dark hair (preferably) piercings and tats are a turn on :). The bad boy has always swoon me *sigh* Ahem... Uh. Yeah. lol. Facial hair is always hot......
Me too. Since, Im the only one. I used to type a 6 alot, then it changed to a 4 and its been a 4 for a few weeks. Im kinda wondering why I am a 4 now, because I really do relate with being a 6. (the...
im with the one guy... Yanno... finger paints,eating glue and glittery things :D
Ive known/dated an INTP for about 4 yrs now and as well as my dad being an ISTP. I have definitely felt self conscious in conversations. When I open up to my dad/boyfriend I have a tendency to say...
Welcome to Perc. I must say... I love the Monty Python quote in there. I love british comedy <3
Well, I know alittle about body language and I know when you are crossing your arms or legs you are guarding yourself and may come off as standoffish So knowing that I try not to cross my arms,...
....Yes, he too has his part time loves and my extra loves can do as they please they are free but I only wish for communication. Letting me know if there is anyone else besides me. They can have...'"


174: 'We are always willing to help those in need.
My name is Aidan, and I'm from Sweden.
Help me, help you.
RIP AidanOfSweden Fencer, Actor, Brother
Do you participate in any sports or activities? Do you have any religion or therapist help?
Anything by groups like Blood on the Dance Floor and Bring Me the Horizon  Here are some examples of songs I hate   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c514QbOF70M ...
Gudrun....eugh....
justneckbeardthings
I wish I was in a nightclub on a Friday night, not having school tomorrow.
Like Eckis said, Atheists don't have a particular base for their morality. Most have morals and are genuinely good people, but history has shown us atheists with no morals at all. Just like history...
Pfft, at least whatever he was, he wasn't an ISFJ! :)
That sounds a bit....creepy...
1. My favorite colour is pink, but I also love the traditional Swedish gold and blue.   2. I associate pink with aristocracy, wealth, and happiness. I associate blue and gold with Sweden.  3. I...
Shameful how some cultures can be so barbaric.
For some reason, this. I have a distaste for Hip-hop, but it takes me way back to the early 2000's.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWJrPzAUzAs
Wealth, please don't think I'm greedy. I would share with those I care about, I just want so many things I can't have.
I very much get what you mean, and I know that feel.  Thanks.
Could you explain deeper into what you mean about the skin prickly feeling?
Welcome, aboard.
I don't hear it.
Cinnamon bun.
We're actually fairly common :)   We are just introverted.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4kTei0XrCs
What INTJs would listen do, I really don't know, but of course they love music.  Everyone loves music, right?
Happiness and wealth, living in a building like Versailles.  http://images.nationalgeographic.com/wpf/media-live/photos/000/280/cache/versailles-palace-and-garden_28028_600x450.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVn2YGvIv0w
I'm an ISFJ, and am fluent in English and Swedish.   I am learning German and French, even though I will probably never master both of them, it's fun to learn the words and pronunciation.
I love English, especially when it is spoken with a posh female English accent. French sounds really swift, and sounds nice in general. I also love the sound of my language, Swedish.  German sounds...
Im a Medic main, and Im an ISFJ.
I was about to post the same thing, except, I play Medic because I like playing Medic, he is my main class.
Gryffindor.
Hmm, depends on the subject.
Johan Helmich Roman - Drottningholmsmusiken   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOFAJ_oNfjY
I've never tried to be edgy or rebel. I love my parents, and my family, and have no desire to revolt against them.
There is nothing wrong with having a sense of pride.
Well, there is good Nationalism and bad Nationalism.  Would I consider myself a Nationalist? Yes, to a certain degree. I love Sweden, it's people, and culture. I am however, against nationalism...
I love change, I love it!
I've never been called lazy due to being introverted, but that's only me.
I've been attracted to some ENTJ women, too.
You don't have to mention why, just say you want an honourable and traditional way with women.  I am a Lutheran, but only really mention it when someone asks or when I have to say it. I live by...
ISFJ, there may or may not be a connection.
I love when people constructively criticize me.
Now, if you'll allow me to explain.
Sleeping when you're really tired.   Ooh, and Cinnamon rolls! :)
I always though dating an ENTP would be something.'"


337: 'Would someone who isn't happy have an avatar like this?!  I think the stereotypical high school guidance counselor advice is most apt for INFPs:  do what you would do for free.  It's incredibly...
I get told this a lot too.  I suspect it's partially because my sense of humor is very deadpan, and people don't always realize when I'm joking.
The upside:  I figure a lot of things out before other people.  Don't let the sensates fool you, they miss things all the time. The downside:  People think you're from another planet, crazy, or just...
Ahem...  Did you read my post?  I ask this as a fellow ENFP with a horrible propensity for skimming things.  :-)  I absolutely agree that Hitler wasn't an NTJ.  I just don't agree with your reasons...
You're probably right.  The saying Greed is Good sounds a lot like naive, inferior introverted feeling.  In fact, I don't know that I agree with most of the examples I made in my previous post...
There's a perennial debate that I have with my ISFP boyfriend.  I'm always excited every time I see a show about black holes.  I find the concept so fascinating.  My boyfriend's response?  We don't...
Absolutely not.  ESTPs are made out of guns, steel, and can-do attitudes.  Their dominant function is Extraverted Mister T with auxiliary Introverted Chuck Norris.  ESTPs are genetically incapable of...
I love technology.  I'm a programmer after all.
This is inferior Si rearing its ugly head.  When I'm alone, my inferior Si starts complaining to me about all the details in my life I'm missing, about how little attention I pay to things, and...
One thing I'm really beginning to notice is that I have much better work/life balance than most of my coworkers.  In particular, Ti/Fe types seem to have horrid work/life balance.  Sometimes I sense...
When it comes to routine, it sometimes seems like my brain is like a house with bad electricity where turning one light on means another one somewhere else goes off.  This would be ok, but it...
An ENFP would use Fi in a more parental manner as opposed to it popping up every once in a while to cause trouble.    Ahem...  The purpose of this type thing is for you to learn about yourself. ...
It definitely sounds like you're using Fi, but not like an ENFP would.  Plus, the way you describe using Fe is almost a textbook description of how the tertiary function tends to work.  Perhaps I...
I think a lot of people don't understand that Ni isn't really terribly different from Ne except that Ni tends to be bottled up inside.  My boss is an INTJ, and although he tries to keep the rest of...
I would say that the best way to answer this is to ask the following question:  Do you have a tendency to wear your heart on your sleeve (Fe) or do you dislike sharing your emotions with other...
I talked my ENTP friend into taking a picture of dogshit with his iPhone.  To be fair, I didn't think he'd actually do it.
My ISTP coworker is constantly annoyed by me.  It's kind of a bizarre love/hate thing.  We get along, but it just seems that I upset his sense of order in the universe.  Conversely, I always feel as...
Heh...  I'm most definitely not the life of the party.  In fact, I know a lot of introverts who are far more gregarious than me.  It's worth repeating:  introversion doesn't imply that a person has...
That's a tough one.  I mean it's not like you can just get new parents.  I wish I had something else to say that could help you.  I mean, I'm 28 years old and I still have issues with authority.  I...
If there is one thing that really makes my blood boil, it's someone who goes out of their way to treat others like shit.  The first thing you have to focus on is being able to see through what he's...
I'm a programmer.  It challenges my thinking ability and gives me a chance to challenge my coworkers' feeling ability (What do you mean your way is the most fun?!  You need to be more pragmatic!)
You could be saying this because you're better at math than I am an this is old hat to you, but just in case you're not, it's worth pointing out that this isn't necessarily trivial mathematically. ...
Did you know that it's been mathematically proven that an infinite number of monkeys would eventually type Hamlet given an infinite amount of time?  Infinite monkey theorem - Wikipedia, the free...
Have you tried talking to him about it?  Just say Usually you're really excited about any ideas I have, but lately you seem to be a bit down.  Is something wrong?  It's incredibly difficult to...
This one is a pet peeve of mine.  It's called sarcasm.  Like how I say Nice catch! when someone drops the ball or I could give a damn when I don't.
I used to be a dog person.  But then my boyfriend talked me into getting a cat.  Now I'm the one who loves my sweet, furry feline friends to death while my boyfriend complains about me coddling them....
I frequently find myself lying to get out of going to work even if I have a perfectly valid reason for not showing up (like a doctor's appointment or such).  Fortunately, I have an employer who's...
If I had to guess, I'd say some combination of trickster introverted thinking and demonic extraverted sensation.  Trickster Ti is that voice inside your head that says You're too smart for these...
There's one rule of thumb that may cause problems for introverts:  when dealing with an extravert, persistence is polite.  I don't mean that you need to be a stalker or anything.  I just mean that...
You know, I love typology.  It gives me a great understanding of who I am, and who others are.  However, if your type is serving as something to say This is who you have to be. Don't you wish you...
John Barrowman  http://www.johnbarrowman.com/images/gallery/image_02_zoom.jpg  Gareth David-Lloyd  http://m.popstar.com/Celebrities/A/Gareth_David-Lloyd.jpg
My boyfriend is an ENTP.  I think this is a good fit because we're enough alike that we have a common understanding, but different enough that it isn't like dating myself.
I would like to hear these wacky philosophical theories about cats.
I'm not a playa I just crush a lot.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOEOn3fng9U
I wish other types would do this too sometimes.  Especially SJ types.  I am amazed at how good they can be at finding the most verbose way to say the simplest things.
Introversion is not shyness.  In fact, I would even argue that shyness is largely an extraverted thing.  Shyness implies that a person wants social interaction, but is afraid of it (and yes, this can...
As much as I like the idea of wreaking havoc with unsuspecting types, I'm for real that I feel I'm an ENFP.  I mentioned a few of the reasons here: ...
I heard a saying once:  Thinkers get their feelings hurt.  But some of us are feelers and we get our thinkings hurt.  For me, it's always some form of So and so doesn't like my plan/logic...
How dare you ask such a thing?!  I'm just sensitive!  Maybe if you took the time to get to know me better you'd know that I'm not emotional!  *runs away crying*
I think you've pretty much hit the nail on the head.  Here's my type put into my own words:  http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-forum-inspirers/49379-functional-analysis-enfp-using-beebes-model.html
So, after years of typing myself as an INTP, I've decided that I'm actually an ENFP, and I went to see a pretty well-known Jungian analyst in my area who is pretty well-versed in John Beebe's version...
I agree completely.  Feeling is probably the most misunderstood function.  The thing is that logic of people isn't a terrible way to think of feeling.  At any rate, it's pretty much settled.  I'm...
Absolutely not.  P types are nothing but sunshine, bunnies, and unicorns.
I'm seriously beginning to doubt my personality type.  I'm not sure what exactly happened, but something just seems to have struck me recently.  I think something has been bubbling up in my...
Marie Louise Von Franz quotes Rilke's I love you, but it is none of your business as being exemplary of the EXTJ.  That is, they bottle their inferior Fi up inside.  For IXTPs she says that the...
So, the CEO of my company is an ENFP.  It's a small startup, so we all work in the same room.  My desk just so happens to be right by his.  Occasionally, I'll notice him watching me work out of the...
I was going to reply to this thread but...  what were we talking about again?
I think the problem is that intuition in general is the most difficult to explain.  Jung himself even struggled with it.  Let me take another stab at it.  I'm stealing Lenore Thomson's description....
You might be surprised, actually.  I find that I'm actually pretty good at math, but I'm not very good at understanding our school system's very Te-oriented way of teaching it.
I'm still learning to sell myself, so I don't know that I can be a ton of help.  :wink:  That said, there are a few things I've learned:   1.  People need to know how you will be useful to them. ...'"


345: 'So what type of tool are you?
The only way to deal with a troll is -  Ignore! Ignore! Ignore!   They only do it to get a rise out of you.  If you ignore them the small-minded person will move on.   I mean completely...
Well it sounds interesting.  Let us know if you give in to it and reinstal them. Okay? :wink:
Easier than you think. It just takes a bit of practise. And it all depends on how much you want to stop feeling like crap.
You need to make sure that your interest in types isn’t causing you to create a problem where there is none. I would ask the other girl if we could have a chat. I would want to clear the air. As for...
For all the lovely people on here.   Happy Valentine wishes to you all!!   And remember, If you’re not in a relationship, you don’t need to wait for anyone to buy you some chocolates and flowers...
The only piece of advice I have is to not concentrate on how long you have gone without playing as this might just leave you feeling hard-done-by.   Instead look more to allotting yourself game...
I come from the “We are what we think” position. So my advice is, fake it till you make it. Think and behave the way you would like to be. It may feel a bit phoney to begin with but you will soon...
We all want to make our mark on the world. And we do this by gathering our possessions around us in order to feel that we are a part of everything.   I’m sorry for your present situation, it sounds...
No you don't just need to suck it up. What you need to do is make some changes in your life. When something isn't working we fix it, or ask for help to fix it. Begin with some small changes. And stop...
Simple.   Itx92s because you think it.   Stop thinking it and you will stop feeling it.    The quality of your life is determined by the quality of your thoughts.
Welcome!!  http://i351.photobucket.com/albums/q462/fairladyblue/Greetings/redrose.gif
Yay. Even if your not in a relationship you can still have a good time. Buy your own flowers and chocolates. Go soak in a scented bubble bath with some music playing and a glass of wine. ...
You know you are an intuitive when…  .. you would like to warn someone about something but you're afraid they'll think your a nutcase.
Your friend is compensating for something - perhaps not getting enough attention - let s/he know that you know and that you will be their friend regardless. Ask them to be honest with you. This is...
Welcome. ..
http://i351.photobucket.com/albums/q462/fairladyblue/Greetings/hhhhhhhh.jpg
http://i351.photobucket.com/albums/q462/fairladyblue/Greetings/hhhhhhhh.jpg
http://i351.photobucket.com/albums/q462/fairladyblue/Greetings/hhhhhhhh.jpg
http://i351.photobucket.com/albums/q462/fairladyblue/Greetings/hhhhhhhh.jpg
Since hex92s not here to defend himself, it seems unfair to comment on his behaviour. But if what you say is true then I suspect that his maturity level is so much lower than yours. This isnx92t...
Thanks. I’ll look out for that.
I agree with the above.   I can recognise extraverts (E), introverts (I), and emotional types (S,F) thatx92s it. Still learning about other types.
Unfortunately, all extraverts.  I’m quiet, intuitive and sensitive.  Extraverts seem very loud to me.   Or maybe I’m just envious.
It is up to you to choose your own direction in life. It is very important to realize that we create our own destiny from the thoughts we think and the decisions we make.
No I donx92t say 'sorry' easily, unfortunately. I wish I could.
Ix92m a great reader and a bit of an armchair philosopher.
They would be Robin Hood types - steal from the rich to give to the poor.
I believe we create our own reality from our thoughts and actions. This hasnx92t gone down too well when posted in some other forums.
We often treat strangers better than we treat our loved ones. Cultivate true friendship with your loved one - being a friend helps keep relationships healthy.
Congratulations, sarek   From Rose xx
128..........
Don't dwell on what went wrong. Instead, focus on what to do next. Spend your energies on moving forward toward finding the answers you seek.
Who would I be without my story? Who woud you be without your story? There are three kinds of busness in this world mine, yours, and gods. Live out of your own busness not theirs. If your living...
I don’t like debate. If asked for my opinion I’ll give it. What they do with the information is up to them.
How many of these books have you read?   * = Read  *1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen 2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien *3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte 4 Harry Potter series - JK Rowling...
http://i351.photobucket.com/albums/q462/fairladyblue/Greetings/tygh67.jpg
1. Do you remember the first impression when you first met them? (If you haven’t met one : Would you want to meet one and Do you think you can get along with them?)  i would get along with an ISFJ...
Positive affirmations is a good tool for improving the quality of your thoughts.   The Quality of your life will depend on the quality of your thoughts.   Getting the mind out of the gutter top...
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so. ~ Shakespeare
I look forward to seeing what you choose.
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost. - The Dalai Lama
When they ask, Why should I believe you? Tell them, You shouldn’t. You should think for yourself.
I take great pleasure in finding quotes and words of wisdom and sharing them with others.   Feel free to post your own favourites.   Ix92ll start us off.   Life is bizarre. The more bizarre it...
I’m happy to let them have a few coins. If they are genuine enough they are grateful for whatever they get.
It's not sappy or cold to be sensitive. You may be a bit over-sensitive. But it sounds more like guilt; down to the way you react after the fact. I think you are a generous personality but maybe...
Reading other people's blogs may give you some ideas.
Thanks for the hug. Can't have too many cyber hugs.     I can understand that. I didn't do too well at school so I became quickly overwhelmed with all the information I was taking onboard. I had...
You're a lucky woman. I wasn't so fortunate. I came from a tough background of abuse and violence. But I always knew it didn't have to be that way and it didn't have to dictate the rest of my life....
darkestar,   Oh that does sound like me. But in my defence I'm a lot less judgmental and only hold grudges for real serious infractions.   In my case I give first and take later as in if we want...'"


417: 'I hate that I am still in love. And probably ever will
Thanks for your words. I need to talk with my flatmate, if there's a calm moment.. maybe I'm just a bit sensitiv. The other city means the other city ;) I kind of have two flats, because I got a...
I don't feel good in this flat arrangement / sharing. My flatmate constantly uses the living room just as one would one's own room. She only sleeps in her room. Unfortunately to get to my room I have...
Rollercoaster indeed! Had a super fun evening with some friends and stayed over at a dear friend's flat who will leave the country for some time. We spend the afternoon together with some amazing...
So much better today! Tine to look forward. I am excited about work again! (I don't get to whine - I got it pretty good!)
Just cam eback from the very first session with a psychologist. So happy that I finally got an appointment. I cried all the way through. I don't know if it will be ok or if should try another one. I...
ärks!! Feelings, loneliness, life decisions, friends, self-doubt, insecurity !!   Could my inner cinema just stop playing?! Why does it always have to this way? Why do I always have to be...
@Ningsta Kitty and @LawyersAdvocate: thanks a lot for your input! The problem is there was no real breakup and still if there's any chance I'll hang on for the moment. But in the same time start...
Thanks so much for your kind words! I'm kinda crying now (here. in the public library) I will keep your words in mind! You nailed it.
I have my heart broken by this one ENTP. The one and only guy for me. And it won't stop hurting. We had this intense time and he said some intense things, and suddenly he won't have time anymore for...
I want that. I need that. My ENTP leaves me in a cold place and I fear he has moved on.  Not a good time for me
Where can I find useful information about this?
The sign she need is just as you said:  She needs to be sure you have feelings and want to commit. To speak for myself I never will admit to feelings I am not sure they're returned.  And for...
so, I called my ENTP person and it seems like tomorrow will be the big talk.  Wanted to have it now, but he's on his way to a party (and I feel left out again - seems like there really is no longer...
saintcirone: I think you're on the right track - she likes you! Don't overthink it! She's waiting for a sign from your side. When you open up she'll feel comfortable eventually and open up herself ...
I made some hints about MBTI and personality types a while ago and how it helps me to understand people better, but he despises it. Concerning psychology the one and only person for him is Freud. And...
Peace_Be_With_You Thanks so much for this comment! These are the very same problems I encounter in my relationship. They get me frustrated all the time and thinking in that moment if it's all worth...
same here. sometimes it's so hard. but still I am fascinated and can't stay away. I am afraid it will never change and I'll always have to wait and be patient
this way you (unintentionally) hurt and suffocate people. they might feel dominated and disrespected as well (oh, there are recent experiences talking here :/)
they get lost in their projects, so their private life is nearly non-existent and their partner suffer -.-
YES       (I hate this 10 characters policy..)
Same here - advice is much needed!!
As the title says: what's your current profession and how do you see work in general?  What would be the perfect way career wise for you? Can you imagine to work in an office from 9 to 5? And how...
It's always good to know about the other side.  But please don't withdraw because of those reactions!
You are so right! I always thought I am socially awkward till I got comfortable with the way I am. But there are still times when I worry and stress myself how to connect with other people. I got...
:/  Sure, but I think it was kind of an overreaction. It was a heated and emotional talk.. We haven't talked since then.. Don't know. I don't want to stress him. (He's an ENTP btw)
It's weird. I tend to forget specifics of conversations, but I desperately don't want to lose them, so written communication is always great. In some days I'll have a new mobile and I don't know how...
me again.. what's your view of the introvert part? do you like it or does it frustrate you?
Great, the boyfriend finally revealed why he's so distanced the last months: He thinks I am depressed and because of betrayal and getting hurt by two close, depressed people in the past he shies away...
Great, the boyfriend finally revealed why he's so distanced the last months: He thinks I am depressed and because of betrayal and getting hurt by two close, depressed people in the past he shies away...
;)  this typology.. so reliable
It depends. I can forgive a lot and every person is as imperfect as me. I always hope that my failures and flaws are forgiven. It gets difficult when the conflict is not resolved when I and the...
Hm.. in parts you're right; I experience it this way.  I vs E can clash like that, but keep always in mind it depends on how much pronounced the E or I is.  I can recommend this book by Marti...
Yeah, most of our miscommunications are because of that. But now I know a bit better how be both tick We can handle the extrovert/introvert differences pretty good..  But as said before every...
I am so pissed of with myself. I cant finish this thesis and time is literally running out. It seems like I finally could get a job and wouldn't rely on my parents' money anymore. But I cant't finish...
I think I've always fallen between these two and have never been satisfied. I could always empathize with the quiet and shy ones who where often the as you call it 'nerds' (we don't have this term or...
This. As they seem to connect with everyone I keep wondering what they see in me or any other person.  Do you, ENTPs, like everyone or do you just like to talk with them?
um.. I didn't use constellation in any astrology meaning. Sometimes it's a bit difficult to pick the right words in a foreign language ;)
Um.. I don't quite understand this.. They are conflicting and at the same time duals? I already read that this constellation can have lots of conflicts but when they overcome them they can...
the earth explodes. kidding  they get hurt. might be terrible if you don't want to lose them ;)
I worry about personal relationships.. being in serious relationship for the first time and then with this fabulous, self-confident person is sometimes stressful :)   ESL means English as a second...
I just see a lot of similarities between us. We have the same values, humor, possible life choices, interests etc. I am drawn to his personality like never to one before. He often speaks out loud...
Why do you think don't they get along; what are their arguments about and in which way does their behaviour conflict?  I just want to realise if their behaviour is similar to ours..   And I...
I second all of this! I am fairly new to MBTI and enneagramm but I tested 2w1, 9w1, 6w5. I don't know how common or off this is for an INFJ..
Did you have any solution? What's the current status? I feel like I am in the exact situation, so your experiences would help me a lot to figure out myself and us!
What's an unhealthy / mature ENTP like? I looked at my results again and there's a fine line between INFJ/ISFJ. The results in the second category were closer than any other. But I suppose the...
From my side it's just good to know how he works. After some time and reading stuff about ENTPs it's much clearer for me. I never have been close to such a type, so I haven't had an orientation on...
What would these little details be? And if you don't care about them anyway wouldn't it be indifferent if someone does for you?
Funny to see how one can make assumptions because of personality types that are way off and as you see can differ a lot. For myself I a much clearer about why we can get stuck in debates, because at...
Guys, this was suppossed to be a thread for good examples! :P  Sorry you had these experiences, but it doesn't has to be the same for us here. Even if you know one ISFJ doesn't mean you know them...'"


535: 'Thanks guys! It's weird that I identified with ISFJ's for so long and now it seems that I use more of ISFP's functions. But I know the ISFJ descriptions have just felt really off lately, and this...
The second option definitely appeals to me way more than the first. I don't have big dreams of success, but I do have dreams of spending time with someone I love and who loves me back. I feel as if...
I've had confusion about my type before and used the old form. Back then, it was debatable whether I was an ISFJ or ISFP. Based on functions, which I'm still sort of confused about, I felt like I...
I want to find someone to spend the rest of my life with. I'm not really sure about getting married, just because if something does go wrong in the relationship, it will be easier to deal with if...
I hum in my sleep; I've woken myself up a few times doing it. Fortunately my roommate finds it amusing rather than annoying.  Back in high school when my mom would wake me up for the day, I would...
What kind of driver are you? I've had my license for a year and a half, but have only had a vehicle of my own to drive consistently for a little less than a year.  Are you cautious? Fast? Usually...
I'm either a 6 or a 9, not completely sure. I identified more as a 6 for a while, but when I think about it now, I feel like more of the 9 characteristics fit me. I still have trust issues, though,...
A year long vacation without any responsibilities, no would you please do this, even if it wasn't your fault in the first place that everything was messed up.  Oh, and love would be nice right...
To travel to another world, even if it may only exist from the time I open the book until the time I close it. Because life on a daily basis is nowhere near as interesting as the adventures that...
Wow, that is almost exactly the thought flow I have some nights when I'm stressed out and my mind wanders, preventing me from falling asleep. Just question after question after question, all of which...
Birds are chirping, my nephew is upstairs fussing, he sounds sick. His mom is probably sick based on how she was yesterday which is probably why she hasn't brought him down here yet. I feel a little...
Ahh, sorry, didn't realize that thread existed. Please ignore this then.
I was just wondering how everyone personally defines the phrase Just be yourself. I'm usually confused when someone says it to me, because even though I may act differently around people, depending...
So, do you iSFJ's feel comfortable sharing your living space?   I am comfortable to an extent. I'm ok living with my family and friends that I know well. I felt weird, though, going to college and...
It usually depends on what type of mood I'm in when I start reading, how far into the book I am, and how interesting it is. If I'm just starting the book out and it's still going through the slow...
Thank you. Yeah, I try to look for times when we're both in our home town area since we are relatively far away, but it doesn't happen too often. It doesn't help that my parents moved to an area...
I have a rant. My best friend is one of the most important people in my life. In middle and high school, she was one of the few people who was really there for me. I really think I would have gone...
This song I think is pretty easy to relate to. I think it might have been posted on another music post.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5ti4OERTiw
The memory of looking for my keys definitely seems distant. I can visualize what was going on, I know how I was feeling, I kind of remember what others said to me, but it definitely doesn't feel like...
I'm not very competitive when it comes to games. I'm not sure if it's because of my ISFJ-ness, or if it's just that I've accepted that for the most part I'm not great at games. xD I usually just do...
That thought scares me, to be with someone all of the time. I need my alone time. Yes, it's nice to spend a lot of time with a significant other if you've been together for a while, but all of the...
When I'm around people I don't know that well, I try to keep a guarded face where my emotion doesn't really get through. Around friends and family, though, I tend to be pretty easy to read. The only...
Everybody here is so good looking!  Here is a picture of me:  30415
Do you need any help?  I'm not sure, but I can find out for you!  Do you think we should?  Don't worry about it, I can get it.  Thank you.
I don't have time, but if you need me to, I can...
1. If you could only live on one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be?  I also have to agree about the pasta. There's just so much you can do with it, and it is absolutely...
ISFJ and I guess I have a preference for sporting and herding. I just like their energy, their drive. Plus, for the most part, they're medium sized, which is also a plus! I don't need to worry about...
I like my name, mainly because I'm named after my grandmother. She died before I was born, so it's kind of the only connection I have with her. I'm not sure if a name can completely describe someone,...
I feel like I have a similar problem to yours. I want to respond to topics, but I rarely do. I am not really wrapped up in making my comments perfect, but rather I'd rather not state my opinion on...
1. Yes, I will approve the treatment of our child Only because it would help reduce the chances of some diseases and because there haven't been any side effects. If there were side effects, I would...
This happens to me a lot as well. I usually just try to make myself busy, like doing laundry, cleaning, or focusing on my work. If that doesn't work, I'll just lay down and think for a while, until I...
For me, it was nice having big birthday parties as a child, having lots of family and friends over to enjoy it and getting all of the attention. But in the last few years, I have definitely come to...
Cool story, bro really sets me on edge. It's just usually used in a very disrespectful manner.  Some more that disgust me: Holla/holler Ballin' Legit
91.25%  I know I'm not the most emotionally stable person, but it still seems too high.
I've been around for a few months now, but I guess better late than never!  I'm a 19 year old female, currently going to college and majoring in biology. What I want to do after college, I'm not...
I got the Moose. Your unique characteristics and impressive presence make others notice  you when you walk in. You have a big heart but tend to prefer quiet time  alone and occasional gatherings...
ISFP is what I mainly mistype as. It probably happens at least 40% of the time.
I'm most of the way through Warbreaker by Brandon Sanderson.
I was in my high school chemistry class, and the teacher assigned us our final exam. It was a crossword that we had to do. I remember panicking because I felt like I had no clue how to do it. I tried...
You are a Considerate Realist.   You are a Realist      Your attention to detail, appreciation of how things function, and awareness of the world around you make you a REALIST.    ...
I get sensory overloads if I stay in the same loud place for an extended period of time. I just feel worn out and get a headache. I've noticed this going to restaurants with my loud family, or at our...
I'm a Leo, but I don't really follow horoscopes.
I guess the main reason I did actually drive him was because nobody else would. I look back on it more as a fun experience, though. It's not something that I would normally have done, and I guess...
Thanks so much for those detailed descriptions LiquidLight! I feel like  the ISFJ description does fit me better. I feel like I do use more Fe  than Fi. Also where you said inferior Ne causes...
Most of my test results have been ISFJ, with ISFP results as well. Every now and then I'll test as INFX, but that's rare. I'm just curious, can you please explain the main functional differences...
Sorry it's a little long, I got a little carried away filling out the questionnaire.   1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type? There are several things, like I think I...
I always dream in color, even particularly sad dreams; I don't ever remember having a black and white dream. I had a dream soon after my grandpop died, pretty much of his funeral, but he was also...
I feel comfortable doing anything, except eating at a public restaurant, alone. I definitely like my privacy, it also lets me go at my own pace, stopping and thinking about something where I need to,...
1. Do you sleep with your sheets tucked in or out? Usually tucked in.   2. How many pillows do you sleep with? Two, unless it's a big pillow.   3. Do you replace the toilet paper if you use...
I am the same way. I pretty much store everything up until it comes out in one big burst. When it does come, I just try to hold it back in again, especially if I'm around people, usually by using...'"


545: 'I always forget where I put my keys, therefore I must have inferior si as opposed to being dumb ;)    So as the saying goes...You don't know what you have until you lose (Dom+aux+tert) it?...
Not doubting your argument, but higher IQ sensors tend to come off as intuitives to others because they process things faster. You're looking at Da Vinca (ISFP) and Picasso (ESFP/some sort of SJ). On...
IMO, if you get moments where you say things like, I was like WTF or She is like 'what is this, I don't even then it's likely Si as work. You're expressing yourself as though you're coding your...
I guess a better way to ask the OP would be what would bother her from other people the most when she has negative emotions.
I just told an suspected INTP that he sometimes annoy me. He acted like OMG SO I'VE BEEN DOIN' IT RONG and he shattered into a hundred million pieces.  @OP, I guess the next question is what kind...
[/COLOR][/SIZE][/FONT]  This tends to trouble me too, because how big picture, is how big picture?  On the inverse we can have N's mistype as S because ideals/perfection means that not a single...
I think Doll meant to that as trolling into her own personal satisfaction of evil.
It could mean sensory processing of when shit hits the fan (i.e. yelling, look on their faces) or afraid of what FE is currently experiencing. Having some indepth understanding or idea of what will...
What kind of small things? When do you feel this way, and what is often the reason?)  (I feel I can go with ENFP and even ISFP despite the si in your photo analysis as well, so I'm going to keep...
Only explanation I could give you is that maybe it has something to do with people exerting friction on some parts of your personality but as you become an adult, what stays, stays.
Not implying that FE doms can't apply themselves to animals or secretly hate everyone, but it sounds Fi-dommie.  Although it could be that you're enneagram 3w2 giving that SPARTA feeling to the...
^ Title initiates.
Could be FE's need for harmony backfiring against OP, just sayin'
I see the world as...1) ...a bundle of possibilities to be explored and unraveled. The world is objectively full of possibilities but if I say course it's full of possibilities, look at how history...
Oh really; I'm currently in a fine arts university program studying art ideology, psychology, philosophy within it as mandatory so you can pretty much get that it's modern art, not technical fine...
I'm 2w3, 9w1, 5w4 tritype.  Not solid on my mbti type atm :/
INFP, INTP, ENFP, ISFJ, ISTJ, ESFJ, ESTJ, ISTJ.  Getting there...slowly, slowly...........................stop? Hopefully. ;P It's possible people with more sensing in their stacks need to noodle...
I wrote in a paragraph or so as a disclaimer. If you end up doing more work than you should for my humble sake, then that's your problem ;)    Dat FE.
I'd give every single human within sight my credit card number so I can watch all the crazy shit ensued. Also, I'll look in the face of politics with whatever u mad face I can realistically make,...
Type 3w2 ESFJ's are probably the type who organizes everything for the event and still manage to make everyone personalized coffee. Because supporters are also leaders?  Type 2w3 ESFJ's are...
So far in the What's my Type forum, going more so by doms...  Fi types might either associate with it, relate to what they like or feel the need to change things. FiSe tends to just feel while FiNe...
I had this feeling that you're an N, then I checked your profile and went Bingo.  Yeah, people asked me the same thing too and I felt I had to go the extra mile. Wanting to strip off to easy mode...
My most sensor portion of a dream...  Well, before I slept I was looking straight ahead (which was a window) and I dreamt...of that window view so I had no idea it was a dream.   Then all of a...
Just wondering how different groups perceive or absorb the same external reality. Just share your impression of the image in a paragraph or so. Thanks~ ...
Just wondering how different groups react to the same ... external reality? (Yes, Spade's test). Just describe your impression of the photo in a paragraph or so. ...
Just wondering how different groups perceive different...realities? Just describe your impression of the image in a paragraph or so :|  http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8093/8476743612_a305233dec_z.jpg
Just wondering how different groups perceive images o.O Just describe your impression of the photo here.  http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8093/8476743612_a305233dec_z.jpg
Pasta
Right, but you can reason that NI-TE is evolutionary common because NI-TE helps you pop out of danger beforehand like a magical card trick or something.   Si is also about internal well being in...
That's boring :C
Wellllllllllllll  I guess to be fair introducing the functions may as well be a course in itself.
Obvious ISFP is obvious.
I'm guessing one of the following:  IFP ITP EFJ ETJ  Thinking/feeling functions evaluate stuff. Thinking looks at the logical properties of things and how it relates together then attach...
Think about how you are at stress. If you tend to conclude things when you're stable and conclude things when you're unstable, you're likely some sort of judging function leading person as opposed to...
Well...the desire to understand yourself and others is raging common because other people reflect so many things about our place in the world. There's so many users on the forum, it's inevitable to...
This thread is golden: http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/126949-how-you-see-16-types-gif-form.html  and   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_i-XL_fm6E
I don't see how being a 3 and an ESFJ is so incompatible. That ne tert ought to get you somewhere.  Pretty sure that the ETJ's shouldn't be the only get shit done sort of person.
I wonder how complicated it could be for high school students just to explain what the functions are :confused:
I believe I experienced an Fe/Ne loop before, which in other words means emotionally independent on other's approval by trying to be more than we currently are. I'm not saying that this feeling is...
Well...the color of their fur makes them unique but at the end of the day, it's still an animal that demands you to give them food and wipe off their waste products.  So all the things that makes...
How to sticky copyrighted contents :tongue:
Maybe loops refer to an emotional reaction to immediate stress until it tears down to the inferior. I mean more powerful spike in anxieties. You can have many, many spikes but it doesn't necessarily...
6238862389  What's the difference between a black cat and a white(and brown) cat?
I find it ironic that SJ's apparently need a guide to being hip and new, over a thread about the hipster level of a particular group of people.  But hey, nothing begins if we don't will it right...
:wink: I guess that's where my epiphanies come from then. Teewhy
Don't take life (too) seriously, because for what you're worrying or fixated upon, it's not the final conclusion. And there probably be never a conclusion to the present beyond the future ;)
You kind of just boxed yourself into this ESFJ box. You're probably looking for forgiveness and for someone to cut you the slack.    You're bothered about your adequacy to protect the emotions...
Fe-dom is about right. I read about the TI inferior and it seems to fit together, expecially the part about not remembering too much what's going on (Ti's convoluted thoughts). I believe I use SI,...
1)     What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type?  Curiousity, wondering where I fit in and how I relate to others. Valuing other inputs?   2) What do you yearn for in life?...'"


552: '@Eryngo, thanks a lot for the insightful discussion! And for taking the time to write all that. I really appreciate your input.   There is a lot to think about, I have also shown your reply to my...
Hello, INTP's  I am a typical ISFJ and my wife and I have been married for nearly 5 months. Before that we were dating for 2 years, so we know each other quite well. Well, if any one can ever fully...
If I would be in his place and would be displaying a reaction like this, I would probably need affirmation about the relationship. You see, ISFJs are hyperloyal and the worst thing to them is letting...
OOOH you are SOOOO teasing me - I love baking! Teasing me to try and make it myself - I will probably not eat it though its too unhealthy!!
I agree with this comment. So far the reseach I have conducted shows that it is an ISFJ who would be a perfect match (dual) for an ENTJ. :)
I am so sorry to hear about your family conditions :( I can only imagine how heavy this must have been on you all this time. It's like you have been hoping and thinking and relying on different...
This is very true to me and to many other ISFJ's. Being an emotional person, we often need to process our feelings extravertedly. But being so sltruistic does not allow us to do so every time,...
As an ISFJ, I am extremely organized and scheduled. At the same time, just like you yourself have noted, the emotions are there, tucked away beneath the surface, rigorously bubbling and certainly not...
On that beautiful day when I first had met you I had promised myself I will never forget you. Gentle smile on your face, waves of beautiful hair... You just blew me away, all I could do was...
Awwww!!!!! :kitteh:  You are such a darling, Justsomeone!! :tongue::wink: Thanks for showing appreciation!:crazy:
Oh, this is soooo me!  :sad:
Ok, then what do you think about deadlines?
I fell that you have been too overwhelming for the guy here. :) I mean, it sounds like he is the only person in your life! DO you have any other friends, both men and women? As far as an ISFJ goes,...
Can I join the siblings' ranks?  :tongue:
Are ISFJ less sexually permissive? I am still a virgin, but I know what I am looking for in a relationship. I am not big on physical touch and PDA and will definitely not engage into anything unless...
There is nothing worse for an ISFJ than to be with someone, care for them, look out for them - only to find out that they have used you and eventually dumped you because you are of no further use for...
This is very true of me! I would not maybe call it my dark side, but I would say this is a pain in the butt every day. I used to think that I am a good people-reader in the past. But I came to...
I feel you - it can be totally frustrating, and although ISFJ's are generally very reliable, being reliable with so many people actually scatters us all over the place, bringing our reliability to...
How busy do you like to be?
First of all, welcome to the ISFJ forums! Hope you like your stay here!  I have to say, (1) and (3) are spot-on for me! I am exactly like this - a little anxious about important conversations and...
https://fbcdn-sphotos-c-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/1017285_10151661823920339_2084462010_n.jpg
If you will not enjoy yourself, no one will enjoy you. The best way to be a blessing to others is to be content with yourself first - the rest will flow from within.
When there is too much on my plate to handle at the very moment... then I just stop doing everything, run to a corner and cry it all out. Then I feel better and can actually pick my life back up and...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRpeEdMmmQ0
I love my inner world - it is not like a place anywhere here on earth, but is something of eternity God has placed inside all of us. I enjoy spending time with myself, rethinking about my life, past...
Thank you for your thank you :)
Did I mention how we love an element of surprize? hahaha!! :kitteh:
It sounds to me like your ISFJ friend is emotionally isolated by all the stress and tension of your project. I don't know about you, but INTJ's tend to be very performance oriented (my mom is one!)...
Yeah - this is a great idea!! Whenever you write your memories, focus more on how you felt in that moment, how what she said/did made you feel. Try not to discuss the details and the events for the...
Maybe he is INTP, coz his room is always so messy and disorganized...
hmmmm..... ISFJ + ISFJ = ???  how will it feel if I date myself? i think... dull and boring  The thing is - I have my dreams, desires and aspirations... so another ISFJ will have their own. So...
I am an ISFJ and my younger brother is a mighty ISTP... This said, the quotes above represent the two huge areas where we struggle most. I am so organized, and he is as chaotic as a milk shake - this...
Oh yeah, here are some resources for you to ponder about:  Personality description: Portrait of an ISFJ  Stress: (you are there too! - maybe show it to her?)...
I am glad you are willing to put in the effort to make your SO happy! It is indeed so nice of you - few people are so committed and involved as you sound to be.  As an ISFJ, I can go on and on...
This is a very interesting thread! I have an ENTP friend, but we are just getting to know each other better so I don't have any strong opinion about how we interact through all the ups and downs of...
You have summed my own views quite well! There is nothing more ecstatic than living my life at my own pace and seeing how people change for the better through coming into contact with me and how I...
72732  This was last year :)
I live my life at a very slow pace.... it is a little surprize to me since I am an extreme J. But I think my J is projected outwards, while in my own personal space I am as slow as the Universe...
Use your rational thinking to help and assist her. I presume she feels about just about anything. So sometimes she will feel that doing stuff is good and fine, while in fact it is draining her and...
:))))) Observing is like sitting in a circus - while discussing is staging the show!
Man! People are so delicious to discuss! No wonder some fall prey to temptation of gossip now and then! I'm glad we have it legal here @PerC, really!   :wink:
Really? I would indeed consider it impractical and a waste fo time and resources. But I guess there are deeper things at stake here - like self-fulfilment. Mine comes from bringing order and...
This is very true! One intrinsic trait of mine - and most SFJ's - is that we need to be needed.... so obviously I have been a keen observer of my bro's life and how and where can I assist... With...
Welcome - why don't you introduce yourself in the newcomers' section? :)
I totally feel you! My brother is an incarnation of Tarzan the Apeman! :laughing: I love baking... well, he loves devouring it, but totally refuses to lend a helping hand because he wants to be...
Yip, that's the casus belli here.  Your post is very explanatory, and I am very very grateful!! Let's call this a non-cruel experiment - the results will follow shortly! :))
From one ISFJ to another...  You want to be a blessing, to be needed, to serve and help people, expecting nothing in return. Its cool I am like that too. But you know what?.. only some people will...
... when you make 100% sure you are 99.9% percent prepared if you know there will be at least ONE stranger involved - we do want to make a perfect first impression don't we! ;)
Thanks! Yeah so far I have read some of the posts - especially debates and I really love it! It's so interesting to see how different personalities respond to the same things. At the same time among...
Yeah! Forums are for talking - for lots of talking!'"


635: 'Yes Geelong in the state of Victoria in Australia
stephiphi sorry I may have worded my previous post wrong.I meant in context of the Introvert v Extrovert.You are correct in that the isfj/esfj share all the same functions but in a slightly different...
To be happy in a relationship for once!!!! Thought the one I am currently in would be that special one that I had always hoped for.But now that seems to be unraveling thread by thread and my partner...
Siren that is what ISTP's do! Mine would say that he would pop around in a few days and it became weeks before I saw him again.He still does that and we are not in a relationship anymore.They do get...
I was in a relationship  with a male ISTP for almost a year.Then we grew apart when he went overseas for a couple of months and I grew close to an  ESTJ female.I broke up with my ISTP to be with her...
You know you're an ISFJ when....you stuff up another relationship by being too clingy:~  My current partner is a possible ISFJ or ISFP/ESFP and she wanted to break up with me because I was...
The ideal mate for an ISFJ is the exact polar opposite the ESFJ
I'm not.... I am attracted to someones personality and intellect rather than looks.My last two recent relationships suffered because there was not enough stimulating conversation.And I wouldn't say...
I have had a few casual relationships,mainly friend with benefits ones.But I am about to give them all up to enter into a monogamous relationship with my ESTJ girlfriend.
I meant that I also have a fear of swimming.I also grew up on an Island surrounded by water (Australia).It's not that I think it looks like blood,but I have almost drowned 3 times in my life,and now...
Delok I identify more with being an ISFJ,but I also have some INFJ tendencies as well.I never come out as being the same type when I do tests and quizzes.I have tested as ISFP before which I know I...
Yes all of these for me too.And also follow your dreams,don't let fear of other peoples opinions hold you back.Only you know what's best for you.I was afraid to be true to myself for many years...
Congrats!!!!!
Whatever!!!! You are entitled to your opinion but I don't agree with you.He isn't showing me that he loves me.He is all talk and no action!!!!
Benja you are entitled to your opinion,and yes it does go beyond mere personality differences.I don't feel like his girlfriend,more like someone he sees when he wants intimacy,a friend with benefits...
I'm a 2 w 6 w 9, and I do have some interest in the macabre.I am not really into blood and gore as such but have a fascination and interest in serial killers and forensic investigation.I wanted to do...
You spelt faeces wrong!!!! Yeah I know I'm a spelling Nazi.... Unless you suffer from dyslexia or some other disorder I will jump on any spelling mistakes.
ISTP's don't want companionship,they want someone to be around when it suits them.Not saying this is true for all of you,but my ISTP boyfriend has two close male friends who he sees more than he does...
Congrtaulations Longdove.I really enjoy reading your posts.May there be many more to come.
1. What mbti type are you? ISFJ 2. On a scale of 1-5, how easy was/is English/Language Arts in school? 5 3. On a scale of 1-5, how easy was/is math in school? 3 4. How many musical instruments...
I am an ISFJ type two in a relationship with a female ESTJ type unknown.I am hoping that this will be the last relationship that I will ever be in,but who knows what will happen down the track.My...
I'm a 2 6 9
The Confession by John Grisham............
Congratulations!!!! knittigan I really enjoy reading your posts and you are one of my favourite members here on Per C.
Never been in a get down and dirty fist fight before.I, like most ISFJ's on this forum don't like confrontation.But if my family and friends are threatened I can get pretty riled.I have been in some...
I am an ISFJ and definitely Si dominant.I am very much like your brother and boss in how they perceive things.I am also very resistant to new things and changes around me.My ISTP boyfriend is very...
I really don't have a good understanding of the functions as yet,although I would say that I have the same opinion as you to what Si could be.My ISTP is very similar to yours,and certainly doesn't...
You have probably repressed it,and that may be a good thing.I don't blame you for wanting to smash your ex sister-in-laws head in.At first I wanted to do the same to my ex husband but instead of...
I have to agree with n2freedom,Life.Is.A.Game I can empathise and understand your situation wholeheartedly.I was sexually abused by an uncle for 8 years from ages 8-16 and like you I tried to lock it...
Congrats!!!!!! You're Awesome ..........
I too have a huge fear of failure, and as an ISFJ loathe confrontation and aggressiveness.This also has had a very big impact on many stages of my life.  I'm in the same boat.....I so wanted to be...
Congratulations!!!!!!!
It sounds very much like my ex husband is Passive Aggressive.He would never hit me but would use verbal and emotional abuse to bring me down.He would also spit in my face and say things like I hope...
Yes I take full responsibility for that,it shouldn't have happened but it did.I can't go back now,but I can prevent it from happening again.
You don't know me or what kind of hold my ex has over me still.Yes I should tell my ISTP boyfriend but I don't know how to go about it.Yes my ex abused me for 18 years so that should tell you that he...
Life.Is.A.Game I slept with my ex too,twice since our divorce and I don't know why I did it.I haven't had the courage to tell my ISTP about it yet, and don't know if I can bring myself to do so.My ex...
Yes this is why I have trouble speaking my mind to my ISTP partner.I was in an abusive relationship for 18 years,however 10 of those were spent separated.I just couldn't tear myself away from him...
Personality Questionnaire for Kids Results   Congratulations, you scored IFP !  That's an Introverted Feeling Perceiving type.  I'm an ISFJ,and I think I have changed a lot since I was a...
My ISTP boyfriend is the same,he hates talking on the phone or texting.If he has to he will try to do it as quickly and painlessly as possible.I have learnt to call or text him only when the...
I eat my food rather quickly too!!!!!!!!!!!
I was in a monogamous relationship for 18 years,but 10 of those were spent separated and I never slept with anyone else.One reason for this was that I never thought any one else would want damaged...
Just tell him how you feel!!!!!! Hopefully he will get that you don't want to be with him any more.
Awwwww......sending big hugs to you Miriamisfj..............  I just dragged myself out of bed and it is 1 pm in the afternoon.But have nothing to do or no where to go today and feeling a bit...
I'm tired and should go to bed but too much information is swimming around in my head.
My ISTP raised his twin daughters alone after they decided that they didn't want to live with their mother (his ex).He considers his stepson to be his own.However there is one thing that I am very...
We are both hoping to chat via msm (hotmail) while he is away.He asked me to come with him then changed his mind.I would not have been able to get my passport organised in time anyway.I am currently...
My ISTP always cooks dinner for me when I am at his house,and he gave me a hand made card for my birthday.He didn't make it,he asked a friend who does calligraphy to do it.I thought that was lovely...
My ISTP boyfriend tells me that he loves me all the time also,and he really gets along well with my kids too,especially my daughter.We have been together for ten months now,but in contrast to...
ISFJ enneagram type 2  Kind Compassionate Loving Resilient Empathetic
Books.....I love to read for pleasure and also to learn.'"


785: 'Wishing I could fall asleep or have someone to chat with. I thought there used to be a chat room here? I can't seem to find it...
Look at me, I'm such a basket case Delivered to you wrapped in cellophane Waiting on your doorstep every day Delivery, a basket filled with pain  Patience is your virtue, saint o' mine I'd have...
First Ix92ll layout key players to not be confused:  Olga- my boyfriendx92s ex g/f of 10 years (him & I had a short fling no I am no proud of it but that was about 12 years ago) Irma- Sebastian (my...
I am sensitive.  When I suspect someone dislikes me I immediately find reasons to dislike them even though I was probably being too sensitive.   I am socially awkward  I have high depression...
Snuggling with my pups and browsing the web..    What I give to you, it's just what I'm going through, no no this is nothing new, just another phase of finding what I really need...is what makes...
Too sensitive, which leads me to have social anxiety because I think too much about saying the right thing that the wrong thing ends up coming out. Anxiety and self hatred. Bad combination....   ...
I'm too tired to trot around PC, but really want to. I keep falling asleep mid sentences though.... Haha
Well, this thread is right up my ally. I have some super vivid dreams, sometimes I also have lucid dreams. Hmm, last night?  I can't recall. I'll have to update this in the mornings ;)
Snuggle, Sleep, Romantic
Although I have A pale complexion, it's incredibly beautiful and I've never had acne issues. It's like porcelain, except in the summer when I get a few perfectly placed freckles on the bridge of my...
All day, staring at the ceiling making friends with shadows on my wall. All night hearing voices telling me that I should get some sleep because tomorrow might be good for something... Hold on...
Snuggling with my two cute ass long haired silver dapple dachshund puppies! Om nom nom I could just kiss their faces for hours! (and not in a pervy way).
http://image.shutterstock.com/display_pic_with_logo/94917/94917,1205691963,1/stock-photo-little-tired-girl-sleep-on-notebook-isolated-on-white-clipping-path-10431772.jpg
I'm on antidepressants so I don't cry often. I used to cry a lot though, when I saw someone cry on TV, or when something would touch my heart, or just because I felt bad. The joys of being...
I soaked in the hot tub with my man. It was very relaxing.
About to go to sleep...those sleeping pills kicked in fast.
Human Trafficking is linked to any big sporting event because with a lot of people, there's more demand. Obviously there are sick people that support child labor and pedophilia or it wouldn't be...
Thanks Wicked Queen. I find my emotions getting the best of me a lot in these situations and it's something I'm trying to work on so your breakdown and critique is something I'll definitely take to...
I hate arguments for all these reasons. I am certainly an ISFJ haha...
Long, I apologize but please read... I got in a facebook war with my friend and best friend's husband.... Am I wrong here??? I tried to make it a fast read...  To start: first article posted...
At the JR High subbing for 8th grade English, waiting for students to finish their assignment.
Waiting to get out of work so I can go home and smoke. Destination relaxation. I hope.
Black Swan...I wasn't too impressed for all the hype it got. I love Natalie Portman and dance, but it wasn't as good as made out to be.
None of my days are the same. I'm a substitute teacher so everyday is different. Days I work I go into a school (K-12) and teach whichever class I need to. Then I come home...sometimes nap. Days I...
I'm a loner. I could go months without talking to friends and just hanging by myself, but when it comes to my significant other, who is also an *I I couldn't go very long without talking to him or...
I've always felt like people have either loved me, or hated me. The second I sense they don't like me (even if it's just me being sensitive) I point out flaws in my head as to why I don't like them...
Self Help books and young adult books
super paranoid...definitely.
I took time out to close my eyes and listen to music for the first time in a long time.
Watching Entourage reruns.
Getting ready to take a nap.
Can I bring my two new pups to a cuddlefest? they are the best snugglers!
hesitant :unsure:
Things are great, and I'm starting to become aware of what I need to change in my personality/ life. But I'm a substitute teacher and LOVING it, still madly in love with the same guy from the...
I'm back!! I think and I hope. I just realized that I have an easy way to access PC on my phone, so it'll be easy to stay updated! Anyway I am back. So I thought I'd make a little announcement and...
My mom is an ESFJ and it's like she has me under a magnifying glass when it comes to my appearance and doesn't give a crap about my feelings. She cares about strangers more than she does her own...
It's always been easy for me to open up my feelings...but I often feel stupid for the way I feel. I mostly only open up about how I feel because I am looking for assurance that I'm not stupid for...
you have beautiful skin.  I don't know...skin was never a physical attribute I payed attention on people. Being pale, too I always thought that was a more negative trait.
watching Dawson's Creek reruns. Yes...watching old TV shows I used to like when I was young is a guilty pleasure. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is up next. :crazy:
You set it again My hearts in motion Every word feels Like a shooting star Im at the edge of my emotions Watching the shadows Burning in the dark And Im in love And Im terrified For the...
Aww, thank you... :blushed:
Waiting for 3pm to come around so I can go home from work! I love that I can browse this site while working. It's a very slow day today... Not many people coming to the bank.
Sugar!! (which is why I had to stop eating it) :mellow: Pain killers 1990s-early 2000s pop hits (backstreet boys, nsync, westlife, Britney spears, Christina aguilera..etc) Naps Designer shampoo
Haha thanks. I wish though! My face is more baby fat-ish and she has a very sharp jaw line. I'll take it though! My heritage says no matches all the time... Or it just gives me people with glasses......
None! I cannot find a celebrity that looks like me and have never been told I look like a celebrity. :blushed: anyone? ...
I love ENFPs...it's nice to get a motivating and positive outlook on life and myself. However, some days I'm okay with being negative and the perkiness and positiveness can be a little much. Other...
Whatever I want. :crazy:
I love these...but I want some darn ISFJ posters. Where do you guys find these? and why aren't there any of ISFJs posted?
And I know, I know they've all been talkin' about me I can hear them whisper, and it makes me think There must be somethin' wrong with me Out of all the hours thinkin', somehow I've lost my mind ...
Teeny bopper TV drama series (Gossip Girl, Pretty Little Liars, Secret Life of the American Teenager...etc) Sleep Marijuana'"


949: 'haha, I always think of it as needing to be literally hit over the head with a blunt object, as well :P
Moving can drive me insane... My last move put me out of commission for about half a year. Stresses me out, but it may have just been the fact I don't like this city, and am unhappy to be back :P  I...
wallow & drink
Ask him out! As an ISFJ man, I need to be practically hit over the head. And I'm not sure if that's totally an ISFJ thing, or a male thing, or maybe just a human thing. I'm getting slightly better at...
I flip flop... sometimes more with close acquaintances, sometimes more with strangers. Sometimes I'm mush in relation to either :P I'm normally pretty good with confronting situations full of...
Man, I'm the opposite! At least if I'm taking the picture. if I look away, normally I just look fucked.
I'll chime in. I am currently 22. Last week I re-acquainted with a friend, whom I've only met once before hand, and the rest of our interaction has been through facebook. With that being said, this...
I used to a lot more. Now I'm trying to be quite honest. I agree with the bit about trying to not hurt feelings. I think when i would the most, was when I was at a unhealthy state... because it...
I'm not sure the lives I lead that put me here, once livin now dead, but I cant escape it now, I really cant relate it now with the soft spots and my world view, going down the line just a strain of...
I have ASMR, so the bit about having the letter rubbed on your back sounds fantastic lmao. With that being said, I would say I am certainly not touchy-feely... it could very well be an ISFj thing....
angelcat - Yes, you summed it up nicely! also, in regards to your advice for Abbigailius , it seems as though you and I have very similar processes. I always feel I'm doing it the 'wrong way' (not...
Sweetish - Nice write up. I stumbled across that one, and was thinking of giving it a go. Maybe I should check it out, sounds rather interesting :)  In regards to my little dilemma earlier, went to...
angelcat - It's sort of a fear of failure... but to be fair, in most occasions of me sharing with people, they will love it ecstatically (so they say :P) and being appreciated is kind of a tough area...
I think you both deserve to get together, but keep it an open relationship. She can keep with the guy she is already seeing.
angelcat - Yeah, fair enough. I suppose my main problem is... 'Who' to  share with. But I guess that anyone could be a connection if you just  give it a chance. And you won't know if you don't. Your...
Oh my god, please tell me about this. My biggest problem is what to do with my projects after I'm done them... I suppose perhaps this query of agents is an idea. What kind of novel is it?
Hmm, good idea. Summer is going to be great. My main goals are to shoot some short films, write, and explore. Possibly find another job, but we'll see lol
Thanks anyway Sophi ! We both agreed not much is playing. Gonna check out Kingsman. It's supposed to be pretty good.  I would like to see Listen Up Philip, quite a bit... Jason Schwartzman is...
Sweetish - lol, I have the unfortunate problem of being completely incompetent in the dating world. But I'm just getting into it a little later in life than most (22 woot) and this is the third one...
I haven't bled my mind to write it out on time on here in ages, must be the cages of my fat fancy smiles in a summer breeze holdin down tight the fort of my night fork and the pitch of a further...
Sophi - Cool, I like those genres too. I like a bit of everything, but I find that I mostly gravitate toward films that just 'do their thing' ... Which is to say, slightly surreal or nonsensical....
I haven't seen Intersteller. Probably should have caught it in theaters, even though I wasn't super interested... still seems like a film to see that way, plus I can go free >>  Currently, Magnolia...
That's actually a good point, as well. I was religious through-out highschool. Hence, my late blooming in this area of life. It doesn't control EVERYONE, but there are certainly ones that will stick...
I heard this one on the subway, the other night  You're a knob gobbler What It's a metaphor, for sucking cock. Knob gobbler  The way it was delivered made me lol
I can't give you any advice. We, as people, seem to have the need to come to conclusions on our own.   But I will re-iterate most suggestions: move on. I am rather late bloomer when it comes to...
Everything. though, to be honest I don't cry... I think the last time was when my dog died. A few years back, and up until that point, I hadnt cried since I was child. I sometimes wish I could,...
oh, and as for accounting. I'm sure some people love it, all the power to them. But if that's what I did, I'd probably shoot myself through the face before my first pay check.
Clean the GOD DAMN DISHES! jk, I ain't married
do whatever you want. I'm a film-maker, and its unstable as hell. little bit o shameless spam, follow us on twitter (in my sig)
Of course we are. Thought everyone knew that.
I didn't have much difficulties.. I worked hard on it for the most part, and math came fairly easily, though at times was tough... With that being said, once I hit highschool, there was a point where...
I listen to everything. I really think most people do... it's just there are certain clusters you're more likely to enjoy. For me, the main spectrum is 50s-70s, but I'll listen to orchestra, rap,...
Slowly. No sudden movements, and try not to make any unwarranted noise. You can observe them rather easily this way. However, if you want to make contact, first get some trail mix and plant some on...
Was scrolling down, then paused on your sig for a few moments. The fuck? looks cool :P
Yes, no I don't know could you repeat the question?
thanks lol, I'm sure there's some sort of answers in there, but I'm not sure either.
Think of life as the clocks in wheels and tocks to the beatles. Form circled scars and believe that the wars over cars were fought for stars.
It depends. It's a total mix of just doing it, and thinking for long periods of time on it.  I will doodle to come up with ideas to draw better, or I will think of what to draw.  Same goes for...
cigarettes  lol, maybe not. I'd say film or writing, to which cigarettes is a by-product there-of
It's: Super incredible  Correct?
WELCOME I have great advice :)  Find out the one you want to do, that you can see yourself doing. Forget about the fear or anxiety with it. You can overcome this. For example, myself, I want to...
Something to do with pancakes and coffee, comes to mind
It's so odd, how the mind thinks on its own. Try some meditation. I find myself beging able to watch my thoughts go past, and only picking up on half sentances at lightspeed, its nuts
To be honest, simply talking with someone who is genuinely nice. I don't really like gifts, I guess I do to an extent, but they can kind of make me feel self conscious lol. I like good food and...
Stokholm - cool dude. The Sandlot rocks :D And the Departed is wicked cool too... seems Ive onlyu seen it twice, but it has a really cool feel to it. Also, Im not sure about my list, with your...
write write empty mind find the times around the lines and bends and I dont know you ask oh Where it ends and I say oh  Dont ask me, ask Mary or Marie and the time ticks and the time tocks in...
I have no advice, I am not a sensitive girl. However, I will say that depression turns me on lol. In the same way as you, that you feel you can somehow help with it >>
Anyone seen The Holy Mountain? I just finished it. It is strangely beautiful, but also one of the most fucked up things I have seen.
I'm gonna say INFJ. My brother, HOWEVER, with that being said, I would say that my interactions with him also yield the most understanding. Every once and awhile there's bickering or whatever, but I...
InAName - Awesome, I rather think so :P. And i figure I'll add my 2 cents about the whole personality thing. We are on a personality site, after all :P I almost mentioned it in my first post, but...'"


964: 'Apologizing is a sign of a winner. It's not a weakness, it show's strength.
Wow, sorry to read about your Mom's struggles-and your. it's hard to watch someone you love suffer. That being said, I wanted to help, but was at a loss. I did find this link for you that i hope will...
Ugh, farmville! How annoying!   I have a friend who I love dearly, but she posts several statuses a day, and tons of pictures, not of her little girl, of herself!:rolleyes: If I had a kid, I'd have...
The short answer? Yes, no doubt!  The long answer? No...it'd turn into a book! Let's just say I HATE feeling useless!
How can you reach out to an ESTJ who is going through a rough time without making them uncomfortable?
Well, I shall try to explain it as I see it. It may be different for other ISFJs.   I am VERY sentimental, and in many ways, traditional. I don't know how in touch with the material world I am....
this ISFJ relates more to the ESFJ in this case.:proud:
Hey everyone!  I was just wondering if any other ISFJs are on facebook, if you have been in the past, or if you would never even consider it?   I am, because I like to keep in touch with friends...
Well first of all, I should make it clear that I do have good friends who are thinkers. It's not that I dislike them. But when it comes to romance, I need a guy who is gentle and sensitive, and in...
Well. I'm leaning towards ENFJ, INFJ, or, possibly, ENFP. Study up on the cognitive functions, especially Fe, Fi, Ne, or Ni.   At the moment that's all i can say. I'm sure more people will comment,...
I keep thinking 'J' because you hate to be impulsive, need to know what you're getting in to. I'm still leaning towards INTJ, but other people are saying INTP. My advice is to study the cognitive...
well. Let's not get all upset people. Be chill. IMHO, you seem to be INTJ.:happy:
I'm a thirty eight year old female from The Buckeye State (Ohio)  I too, thought I was an INFJ. Then an ISFP. When I finally realized I'm ISFJ, it was very freeing.   I'm a big dog lover, and I...
The ESTJs I know are my boss and my aunt-so obviously not interested in dating them! My experience with them tells me that I'd rather have them as friends then romantic interests.  ESTJs (although...
There isn't really a type but for me personally, I'd love an NF man, an ISFP guy, or possibly, an ESFJ. :proud:
I have anxiety, I've been called a rescuer or enabler which are just fancy words for codependency, and I have been told by my doctor that I'm obsessive. So yeah, I get it, and I'm interested in what...
You two are going to have to talk. Not easy considering ISFJs don't like conflicts and I bet INFPs do either, but remember, conflict doesn't have to be ugly. Just two people having an adult...
I think they can email the moderators and plead their case if you will. The mods aren't unreasonable people and I think it depends on severity of the event, and if they're repeat offenders.:happy:
Exactly. When I get in cleaning mode, watch out! Otherwise...meh.:bored:
Doll  A standing O for U!:proud: http://www.bishopdwenger.com/uploads/Kids%20Cheering%20for%20Jason.jpg  see how happy everyone is for you?
Boring? Oh I think not! I get told quite often how funny I am! I'm also pretty flashy when it comes to some of my fashion choices. I think we're pretty colorful!:crazy:
I just heard that Kate Middleton is an ISFJ. :proud:
http://static.themetapicture.com/media/funny-socially-awkward-penguin-meme-friends.jpg http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/250x250/16027327.jpg ...
I once went on a retreat with a group of friends and....what a snooze fest!:bored: All we did is sit arond and talk! We were just a couple of miles from a cave to explore, a cute little town and a...
u200bYeah, it ticks me off too.
My cognitive functions test scored me highly in Si and Fe. In many ways, I relate to the ISFJ profile. So what's the problem? Well, simply put, I'm kind of lazy. I work like a dog on the job, not so...
- minimal communication with a partner who's not present (hate talking on the phone, often don't respond to texts or emails either) I suck at checking emails and hate talking on the phone, so yeah,...
No, I had it pointed out to me by people who know me well that I didn't see the best examples of marriage growing up. They said I'll change my mind when I meet someone I really love. Meanwhile, I...
That's OK! I forget that not everyone's best friend is as open as my ESFJ best friend is.:laughing:
Hello, fellow ISFP!  Welcome to PerC! Enjoy!:kitteh:     http://img.xcitefun.net/users/2010/06/189333,xcitefun-welcome-smiley.jpg
Yeah, I am, mainly because I'm on meds I can't stop taking. Were I to become pregnant, I could harm the baby if I took them during pregnancy. But if I didn't have the meds, my health would suffer....
Bingo! You hit the nail on the head!  That's exactly what I think, that having a baby scares me. I too, want to adopt. One child, I'd say. And yeah, I want someone to bond with for life. Well...
Thanks! It seems more difficult when it's your bossCEO. I will try that.:happy:
My boss just lost his mother after a long illness, and I want to write a message of sympathy to him and his family. What would you say if you wanted to express your friendship and sympathy while...
My boss just lost his mother, and I'd like to send him my sympathies. (on the funeral home's website) how can I make the message caring yet professional. Any suggestions?
Oh dear, I want to say something to help you here. I have to say that this is not the norm for ISFP children. No parent wants to have to give their kids meds but it's better then this kind of thing...
I don't like people who butt into my business, online, or IRL. Contrary to what people seem to think, I'm not an idiot, I'm actually pretty smart. Don't try and control me, it won't work!   OK, rant...
My best friend is very open-the picture posting queen!
No rules here: If your bff is your SO, a coworker, a parent, a pet, more then one person, who cares?!   My best friend, Christy's wedding day...
josue0098  That's a rotten feeling! I hope you'll meet some friends IRL soon. Meanwhile, you do have friends on here. I know it's not quite the same thing but it's better then some people I know...
My family made me smile today. But then, they usually do. I love my family!:kitteh:
Do I daydream? Only all the time!:crazy:
Hi-ya!   I love your user name! I'm Phlegmatic and a dog lover too! Welcome to PerC!
why do we have to do it in a certain order?
misery, boring, escape, anger, jerk
I got that when I was growing up and in my twenties. These day, while I can still be quiet, it's more likely I'll get an My ears need a break (as my ISTJ mom puts it.) I am very quiet when I don't...
Meirsho   OK, thanks!:kitteh:
Hi ENFPdvd Welcome to PerC! Yes, this is a place to discuss personality types, but we also talk about current events, relationships, music, all sorts of things. It's a lot of fun! hope you enjoy!
try this: http://personalitycafe.com/istp-forum-mechanics/55697-emotionally-unhealthy-istp-how-do-you-tell.html  and this: http://personalitycafe.com/intp-forum-thinkers/116034-unhealthy-intp.html
I'm going to say IxTP. An unhealthy IxTP. Enneagram type 8w7. 9(again, very unhealthy) That's just my humble opinion. Try studying the cognitive functions and seeing what sounds most like her. Good...'"


1002: 'Whichever you choose, I highly recommend studying abroad and hope you go. I think a full year would be fantastic! Now, don't make me jealous. :)
I was socially awkward growing up and I can understand the frustration, loneliness, and self loathing that it brings. For me, the cliche time heals all things or fixes them at least, worked for me....
Wow go you man! We need more science and math majors in my opinion. :)
This is very similar to a relationship from a friend. In fact if both personalities are correct as you say, then it is almost a blue print of the exact positives and negatives of their relationship...
Little fish in a big pond for me. :)
This is exactly what I was going to say and I think her experience is encouraging too. I wish you the best Volcarona!
No one should have to go through that. I agree distancing yourself via finding work and hopefully becoming more financially independent would do you well. The interrelations with the family members...
I'm glad the issue was resolved with your mum. Cheers for conflict resolution! :)
I have felt this way on more than one occasion, yes. :)
Excellent, hope you fall in love with it!
Hi the Alchemist,  I highly recommend job shadowing. I don't think high school and college students do this enough and it can help save you time and money by seeing exactly what certain careers are...
Your mother is wise, listen to her. I personally don't like being told what to do or given unsolicited advise on how to manage my schedule. I eventually learned by experience and greater self...
I believe we have a caged will, in that our will is free within the confines of our physical, spiritual, and mental limitations. Everything we know about the universe seems to operate on a pattern,...
I think its great that you've taken such a step. Working with preschoolers would be so rewarding! Great choice and I'm sure you'll be more satisfied with life in the long run. Your thinking leagues...
I don't have any advise to offer specifically because I go to great lengths to get along with just about everybody. I can understand the frustration and being uncomfortable around someone like that,...
I would look into Speech Therapy/Pathology. They make a good income ( I think entry level is $55k/yr average last time I checked). There are a variety of settings you can work in, including schools,...
Not true for me at all, I don't usually discuss politics with others, especially strangers, because most political discussions end up a debate or argument and I'm not into conflict. Contrary to your...
I have no good advise to give you but I wanted to stop in and say I feel for you and hope you get some advice,inspiration,comfort from others here and hope to hear your life take a turn for the...
This has to be by snail mail? Emailing is absolutely out of the question, for example? I'm not sure what can really be done, I would suggest that you go to the locale Post Office and inquire about...
Political ads just might drive me to insanity this time. Stop. The. Ads. Now. Please!
Reading success stories of millionaires making it without a college degree is great and inspirational, but I'd wager for every successful entrepreneur at least a dozen failures occur. Having a degree...
Check cost of going there, reputation of its psychology program nationally (for example is it accredited by some national psychology institution, academic body, or government?), talk to the...
I don't know, but it isn't right. I wonder if something if affecting him and his behavior is a reaction to it. Either way it isn't your fault and you don't deserve to be treated as such.
Sure we care! Hope tomorrow is better. :)
Hi Cuervo21,  Every person has something interesting to offer another person. Being interesting, as others have said here, is subjective. But with that subjective component, is opportunity. The...
I think this is a case by case basis and it is really hard to respond to without an example scenario or something. In vague general terms, I would say I would usually accept at least once before...
People become friends with me by usually initiating the contact and early on doing the brunt of the talking, sharing about themselves, and keeping questions about me more on general things that I...
Today I'm doing great. I had fun reading and learning from others here on this site, even shared a bit, and got to feel a wide range of emotions from laugh to contemplative, teary sad to warm and...
That must be stressful, hope the storm fizzles out a lot or ends up missing your location.
Yes humbleness and lack of self esteem can easily be confused at a certain point. There is that line where you don't call attention to yourself or fish for compliments and then there is rejecting any...
Forgive my illiterate cyber speak but I think irl means in real life, and if so then your welcome and glad you got a smile for the day! I wish people smiled more often. A bit off topic, I have a...
I'm very much like this, I dislike being complimented, especially in public settings, because I find myself embarrassed or feel the urge to dismiss their compliment and have to try really hard not...
Part of growing up is learning by experience. Instead of looking back on it negatively, look at it positively; you've grown so much in just one year! This is something that should make you smile and...
True, but I can understand the want for him to tell you, especially if you happen to express love through language. I think there is a definite inner need to have your parents tell you they love you...
It could possibly be a mix. My father who is an ISFJ likewise isn't one to say I love you or give hugs and the likes, in fact I know the exact number of times my dad has given me a hug since I was...
I'm sorry to hear this and I feel bad for you Cristy, I hope your life takes a turn for the better. Abuse is a horrible thing and never deserving of anyone. Others have given some great support and...
The problem with the internet for me is the inability to reach out and give a hug. I think you write very well apathy, I felt like you drew me into your world and I identified with your feelings with...
I feel bad for anyone in an abusive relationship, but especially bad for anyone with abusive parent(s). Whether it was when you were young, older, or throughout your life, being that they created you...
Ending any relationship is always very hard for me because I will always take it personally that its my fault it didn't work out, whether I vocalize this or not I will feel it to some degree. I avoid...
Good for you! I used to entertain ideas of becoming a doctor of some kind. Good field.
I don't discuss politics except with people I know quite well and know how they'll generally react to my statements. And if at anytime there seems to be a conflict of opinion brewing I will end the...
I hope you tell your friend that often. :)
Have you job shadowed at all? If not I'd recommend it, even if your sure you want to go into a certain job it'll help keep you motivated while earning the degree knowing the fun that waits...
Well that is nice to hear. Hope your morning went well, by the way.
Perks of being a wallflower was the last movie I've watched in theater. I liked it a lot, best movie I've seen recently.
I thought it was an interesting film, but sold itself short in the end. I won't spoil it for those who haven't seen it already though.
Amazing things happen when humanity acts as a whole rather than individually. If I was an extrovert that became energized by social interaction I'd be a social worker on the spot, would love that...
I'm all about surprises so much as they aren't surprise social situations. Surprise birthday parties for example would not be a good idea at all. I have to know ahead of time and plan for social...
That's great! It'd be great to see that on a large scale. :)
I think college is absolutely worth it but you have to do your homework before heading into it and have a general idea of what degree your wanting and how best to get it. I think high schools need to...'"


1054: I think it was ISFP or ISTJ. Can't remember. I do remember I am an ISFJ only by a few percentage according to a number of tests.
I exhibit the same behavior. I do all the things which you have mentioned your partner does.  I do not know if this is directly due to the MBTI type though. Other factors are to be included based...
Counter clock-wise.
Battered Deep Sea Cod. I was not impressed. Maybe I am used to it crumbed and pan fried.
Sultana Bran
In my case it has always been a feeling of, he is one of us but he is different. I never felt like I was ever on the same wave length and I knew they could sense it but at the same time in most...
Eating
You sound a lot like me. I can relate to a lot of you thoughts in the above post of yours. Not just emotions but past experiences are similar. Our fearful thoughts on friendships are similar. I...
Can't remember there I read ISFJ being the most social introvert and would quote it if I could. I can't even remember if it was from this forum.  I personally am skeptical about ISFJ being the...
I think it is a real battle insdie the mind of an ISFJ.  We are considered the most social introvert. So we crave social interaction but we are also shy which stops us from making social...
In my experience, the devastation of emotional trauma gets buried over time. This by no means says you will ever feel the trauma again depending on future situations. Just some painful moments in...
Eating and expanding my meal list for my diet plan.
I base my opinions on personal experiences. I will keep an open mind, but I will continue to look for rational explanations through out.
Studied music age 18, first job as a music tutor at 19 teaching guitar, bass and theory. Taught at 3 different music schools over three years.  I can play guitar, bass, piano, keyboards,...
Do you feel as a male it is a hard thing to find other males who can talk about emotions without awkwardness? Kind of like you know what you want to say, but you do not want to sound like a wimp? ...
I'm always hiding away in my man-cave.  I do not care much for acquaintances. I don't care much for friends who I can not talk openly about deeper things.  The problem is, I do need the company...
You know you are an introvert when you enjoy a big party by going to the least crowed room where no one is talking.
Hello and welcome.  Have you looked for potential outlets where you can offload? The internet can be a great source of people either in the same situation or have been there and can empathize. ...
Vermont - Temperamental & Uninhibited
While Myers Briggs is more factual than says astrology, I still will never associate the chances of my relationships being successful and long lasting based on them.  Sure maybe I will see some...
Studied music. Because a music tutor within my first year for another school. Lasted for three years. Lost interest in teaching due to parents wanting their children to play music they considered...
Trying to get motivated to write another grocery list and go out to get the groceries. Procrastinating badly at the moment.
It depends on the people around me and the environment.  Sometimes I smile just because I feel in the social situation I am expected to.
I tend to like Sci-Fi Horror and Comedy when it comes to fictional movies.  To name a few:-  Resident Evil series Pirates of the Caribbean Series Tucker and Dale vs Evil X-Men Series A few of...
Tests keep saying either ISFP or ISFJ. So I am going to add some input here.  I need things planned out or have a definite idea on what I want before I go get something. Spontaneous choices do...
I chose a few tests and looked at the percentage since I have found my results fight between two personality types.
Depends on your view of forgiveness. I personally find forgiveness it overrated and used without genuine sincerity to trick themselves in to thinking they now feel better since they had said it. ...
Every time I try to go back a page I get redirected to Russian Brides website appear.
Getting used to this forums UI
If they bought for me the gift I told them to buy at the time, I would not go exchange it for something which is slightly different unless the slight difference is an important difference.  Say for...
I guess it depends who it is from, what it is and what it signifies.  I would keep an ornament which may have been bought with thought but can exchange say an item of clothing which was ill fitting...
No because I do not know anyone close enough to be able to truly let go. Being a male I am also expected to be stoical so there is even more pressure to keep whatever troubles me to myself.  The...
The option for me is always there although I have my obligations to live in a township at the moment.  I do miss the peace and view of grass covered hills as far as my eyes can see. I am a small...
As we get older, finding friends can be a lot harder. We have our significant other, careers and family which take priority.  Social activities get less time.  Friends going down the same track...."


1063: 'Hey @flight97, I recently watched a dance in So You Think You Can Dance (China), and would like to share this with you -  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzHAXCzO7rQ. I was totally moved by this for...
Just came across this thread and would like contribute a few of my comments (I wish personalitycafe has an iPhone app that I can visit this website more often :)).  I am an ISFJ male - and I can...
Hey angelfish. My avatar is a cute Japanese bear called Rillakuma. Thank you so much for the information and encouragement.  To be honest, I am more into psychology compared to social work, the...
Thanks for the feedback, I have to admit that theory side of it is one of my concern, because ISFJ seems to prefer hands on/practical, but I think there is a lot of practical side of it too, such as...
Yeah, I think I would enjoy the same (i.e. building relationships, help people from their problems). Originally I was thinking to go for teaching degree too (another career that can help people), but...
- The power of now - Eckhart Tolle - The alchemist - Paulo Coelho - The monk who sold his ferrari - Robin Sharma - Tuesdays with Morrie - Mitch Albom - Quiet - The power of introverts in a world...
Hey everyone,  I am considering going back to Uni to study for another degree after graduated 10 years ago - just want to find out whether there is any psychologist or psychology major ISFJs here?...
Welcome to the forum!    I can definitely relate all of the above. Being an ISFJ myself, trying to please definitely is part of my weakness, but I am very conscious now in regards to this and...
I read somewhere that ISFJ although normally won't lead because they like to support, but under certain circumstances if nobody lead, then they can step in and help out, be in charge, especially...
Same with others, I like to cook - especially bake. Also dislike cleaning up :)  The reason I like baking is probably because it relates to happiness. Sweet treats normally make people happy,...
Thanks all for sharing your view and feedback. I feel better now.
Thanks all - it is quite interesting.   Imagine the following situation:  You went to community event and get to know an elderly that live by herself. She does not have kids and normally just...
I watched a soap drama this evening (do you like soap drama too?) and in the drama it mentioned about hero complex, which I felt quite close to me heart, so I googled the term and found this link Is...
My partner called me turtles - that said it all :)  I guess a few traits:  - Require quiet period by myself - to think and chill (in the shell) - Quiet when meeting stranger for the first time...
Arrgghhh, that is exactly what I am planning. I resign from my current work, spend 1 month to explore and get my certificate, while looking for other opportunities, area of interests. After one...
I have no family to support besides myself, and have an investment mortgage but under control. So financially I think it is OK for short term (ie 1-3 months) without pay but after that, the...
Yup, If I take the leap, the first thing I am thinking is to get a certificate that allows me to teach/train in my area of expertise, while this allow to support myself, I can perhaps explore other...
Hi all,  Recently I am having some career crisis (or midlife crisis :)) myself, where I feel I no longer enjoy working in my current job after four years. I am a software developer (IT) for 10+...
What makes ISFJ cry? I am a male ISFJ and while it is a bit embarrassing to admit that but I tend to think crying is just being true and honest to your feeling and emotion.  Movies and some music...
Teddy - One thing I am sure is you are not alone and it happens to me, and all other ISFJs. You are connected with all of us in here. And in regards to not to be liked - I thought we (ISFJ) are all...
I have read a couple of posts here about INTJ and ISFJ are quite opposite and appear to be no-no in relationship wise. However interesting enough I also found a lot of INTJ+ISFJ partners in here too....
I like the intelligence and bluntness of INTJ, actually admire and respect them (don't think ISFJ or just myself can ever give an honest opinion straight in the face of someone) :). I find INTJ...
Time will come pixie85 don't worry. Moving in and live together is the first step :)  I enjoy decorating my house and re-arranging furniture so that the house looks comfortable and homey too. Read...
Hi all,  I know this could be a boring topic but I am interested to know for all ISFJs:  - If you are currently working, what do you do for living? Do you enjoy your current job and what aspect...
ISTJ (Many years)  + We are quite similar in terms of how we approach a problem, or making plans and actions. When it comes to activities, we always know each other what we are going to do, and can...
I never understood myself too :rolleyes: - guess that is what make us ISFJ
I am an ISFJ guy and I love twilight series. The storyline is really engaging and the love between Bella and Edward just makes my heart melt :). Is ISFJ normally the romantic one?  Start following...
Hmm, don't know about other ISFJs, but I have similar experience (with me being the ISFJ) with my partner a while ago - before I am more aware of my emotions.  Basically I will behave in a similar...
Don't worry John, same boat here - ISFJ male. Well I don't normally get comments about feminism, but some feedbacks are along the line of gentle, sensitive and soft spoken.  The worst (or best)...
It happened to me once where I met this new friend that I really like - although he didn't tell me his MBTI (he did a test before in uni but forgot), based on several observations, I am quite sure he...
I consider myself pretty quiet most of the time, especially in a work environment, such as meetings. But I am learning how to express my opinion more but if too many peoples are talking at the same...
1. Happy are you? 7  2. Socially skilled are you? 5  3. Lazy are you? 3  4. Emotional are you? 8.5  5. Book smart are you? 7
Thanks Teddy - I definitely know what you meant by the state that you described above. When I sulked (normally at home), I will keep to myself quite a bit and my head will replay the event over and...
Thanks for the post. I was just thinking to create a new thread posting the same question about ISFJ sulking topic, but you beat me to it! :)  I am ISFJ and definitely have silent sulk syndrome...
Thanks scamper! I found it really interesting with the points that you made above because I agree with every single one of them - it is very surprising to read and it matches exactly how I would...
Great work pneumoceptor and teddy! Just came across this post and I am really happy to see who is the real guy that we all known as the ISFJ teddy! :)
Books definitely big part of my life as I love reading. And surprisingly I like to go to library - perhaps because it is quiet. I enjoy browsing books in the library without any goal. But will feel...
Great choice bknight554! I haven't read this book before but reading the description, I think it will be an inspiring and heart warming book - that an ISFJ will like :)
I am starting to see myself changing over the years, like what you said above, no longer be empathetic, which I really really don't like about myself. I guess this could be the result of being taken...
- Playing Piano - Read - Surf Internet - check out latest technologies, or research/read reviews/find the best deal if I am buying something - Watch movies - Play PS3
Thank you for starting this thread - I am ISFJ male and similar to you, I am quite strong in Feeling. Most people see me as a nice and gentle person, no temper, patient, soft spoken. I definitely...
Hey bknight554, I am guessing here - you as an INTJ - most likely will cringe when it comes to touchy feeling stuff - but as an ISFJ, I love receiving hearty messages/words - unfortunately as a guy...
As a ISFJ, we normally do things for others but don't ask for any return. However if someone did give us something that we like out of the blue, then we will feel we are being loved and appreciated,...
Peoples that are arrogant, vanity (no substance), ignorant, pretentious, dishonest, opportunistic, bad motives, dominant is okay but do not control every single thing that I do, controlling, loud and...
thank you (eventhough you are the customer or you help someone when they come around and ask you for help)  sorry (even though you have done nothing wrong)  let me know if i can help ...
Thanks for your reply and I find this interesting too. I have done the full mbti test and I am sure that I am ISFJ. I have a ISTJ friend and i can see vast difference between me and him in terms of...
Love dogs! Cute puppies are my favourites - labrador, golden retriever - they are sooo cute! Although would love to own one, but don't think I can take care of them while I am working.  I like cats...
Thanks PlushWitch for the info about cognitive functions, do you have any good reference about cognitive functions?
Piano and violin are my favorites. As I am learning piano at the moment, so playing sheet music is all I can do. However imagining if I am a pianist, then I still prefer to play sheet music , maybe...
Haha PlushWitch - like your emoticons above when you mention that your husband is not gay :laughing:    Yeah I am guessing maybe he is sort of in the middle between T and F, so it doesn't come...'"


1129: 'Hello, fellow likely 9w1. I've gotten similar results to yours. :) You're right on a tritype being 3 types, so you could be 9-5-2 or 9-6-2. According to tritypes, you have one gut fix (1/9/8), head...
It would probably be my lifelong insecurity and deep seated belief that my life isn't worth any effort.
It pisses me off that we get infantalized/angelfied and/or demonized. It seems we're seen as one extreme or the other. When we're selfish, independent, or hurt people (as humans do), our niceness /...
Hurt Me by Lapsley. Spotify says I'm indie trash.
Si really isn't a practical, organized function. If we want to organize, or do it for someone else, we will, but that doesn't apply to everything. My clothes and makeup are organized, as are files...
I wouldn't rather jump off and die than hold any conversation, of course, but unless I'm with people I can really talk to, I'm just awkward and usually regret trying to converse. So skydiving,...
FINALLY, ANOTHER ISFJ THAT IS MESSY, LAZY, AND MOTIVATED BY OTHERS! Sorry, it's just not many people claim to be ISFJs yet not organized to a fault (though I'd like to be). I got excited. Maybe I AM...
There is absolutely no appeal to cigarettes for me, not even a high. They're just gross and life ruining, IMO. I've also never voted (pointless) or jumped off a plane. I'd rather jump off a plane...
I take it your dad was the type to put you in your place when nothing in your behavior called for it? Mine has always done the blaming, threats, and dominating talk to me (and my mom, and literally...
Your dad sounds just like mine. No child should be treated that way. It does feel good to admit when parents have mistreated you. I think it should be more accepted, but spoiled brats have...
It must have been rough, especially for an ISFJ 9w1 (hi). I read that some kids become 9s if they have temperamental parents. Toxic dominant Te can be a nightmare, especially in a parent. Did yours...
Has anyone else clashed with their impractical ESFP mom (bonus if you were stuck with a temperamental ESTJ dad)?
If I'm driving alone, I'll swear and rant a bit at whoever pissed me off (which is me, sometimes). However when I'm really angry, it's at my dad who just might snap and get violent, so I've been...
Break up with her. Do you really want to hold back your honest thoughts for the rest of your life? If you're really an INTJ, I doubt it. As an ISFJ, while I'm stereotypically sensitive, I don't want...
I'm an ISFJ living with a super unhealthy ESTJ. It's true that ISFJs can play victim, be hypersensitive, etc. I would never date an ISFJ. What I don't like about my dad (the ESTJ) are these...
This was me until I turned 21. Now I'm 22 and a friendless loser with a way to get alcohol. :p casual drinker, though. It makes sitting at home by myself more enjoyable. It also makes me less...
This ^ especially for Katniss, in the movies AND books (though for the movie, we see more of her emotions). Reading the books before knowing MBTI, I related to her a lot (ISxJs) but saw she's much...
Your friends suck. Get new friends. It's never fun to be the stupid one in the group, whether or not it's accurate. Once someone in a group becomes ostracized like that, they're screwed. If I was...
As an actual ISFJ, I find people around me are determined to think I'm stupid because I don't get off by tearing people apart, and I don't see the need to voice every thought I have. I think a lot of...
I don't know how there are so many ISFJs in the world, considering how stressed out we are. Like your friend, I'd read what I wrote over and over again, wondering what I said wrong... and who wants...
I feel a bit ridiculous, but I don't try to stop worrying altogether, because I believe my worrying is justified (as in people really have just not wanted to respond) and it's so ingrained in me...
That's lame of them. It's hard to know a friend (or acquaintance) feels that way. It's happened to me a lot, so I feel you. I also understand worrying about where someone is!! It's one thing if they...
I think one ISFJ problem is fearing the worst when someone doesn't reply... and still hang on for their reply. If you don't have that trait, cool, but I did for a long time until I gradually stopped...
Don't feel like you need to get back on topic. I'm struggling to form a response to everyone's suggestions that goes beyond thank you, you're right, that's a good idea, no i'm not gonna kill...
I should probably just start a hobby. I did start reading a book series, and that's nice, but I don't have any big goals in life, so I'm having difficulty giving a shit about anything I should (or...
I'm a 964, most likely a 9w1-6w5-4w5.
Yes!! Being as messy and forgetful as I am is one (two?) reason(s) I've doubted being an ISFJ. I deep down want to be neat, and I sometimes have an excellent memory, but I can be quite forgetful, and...
I agree as well. I can totally understand where the paranoid ISFJ came from, as I've had it too (and people have a history of going behind my back so I think mine's justified), but that does not...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcpcEHg25pY
1) If you get a question (specifically Maths or Physics questions) that are new,unknown or you are challenged to answer it cause it is a hard question or cause its new and unknown. Will you attempt...
The idea of an ISFJ Aries is ridiculous (without getting into moons and all that), but here I am.
I'm pretty evenly split between them, for good and bad traits. Discounting their life experiences and mental illnesses, I think my mom's ESFP and my dad's ESTJ. I'm definitely ISFJ. Forgive me for...
People can't tell WHY I'm upset, but they can usually tell something's bothering me if it's intensely bothersome (depends on what it is). I can get fidgety, more quiet than usual, look...
I don't recall my Pottermore result, but I took the 125 question helloquizzy test this year, and barely got Hufflepuff. That disappointed me, but it makes complete sense. I can't argue with it. My...
No, I'm really not. I appreciate other nice people, but I don't like the way I am.
(all degrees in Fahrenheit) This is how I feel as well. Chilly weather, including snow, is great. Close to zero is just too cold. I once felt 3 degree weather in Colorado, and it just sucked. My...
Last time I took the test I got physical touch, which makes sense since even little touches really make me feel good. I think quality time and touch are my top two languages. I never get to do much...
I think dom Ti and tertiary Si could result in the need to collect information to understand something, or just for fun, but Ti-Ne would explain your need for variety (like your ISFJ friend, I could...
I hate to reply without actually contributing thing (maybe I'll add something when I get home from school), but considering what I've seen on your typing tumblr and this post here, I'd go with INTP...
Don't apologize for not being a native English speaker. Having actual conversations in a non-native language is pretty cool. Okay, so you did mean texting. Thank you for clarifying. Public speaking...
As far as texting (is that what you meant by chatting in your app phone?) and IMing, vs talking, it depends on the ISFJ. I'm personally pretty socially awkward and incompetent in person, but I...
Without knowing him individually, I'm not sure what to say. If he doesn't have a crush on you, he's never going to tell you. NEVER. In that case, you'd have to initiate (I apologize for ISFJ's fear...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zu-y-bypzmo
I'll try to include pros and cons. My memory's not photographic, but even people who are actually intelligent (able to make connections and do things with them, IMO) have been impressed. Long term...
So we have Fi-Se, Se-Fi, Ne-Fi, or Fi-Ne... I think. I know Ne is ideas and Se is action, but I still have trouble distinguishing them in actual characters. Maybe she's even a messed up T.
The bolded ones are from a typing tumblr. The others are my own awful guesses. INFJ- ISFJ- Agnes (Poker House) ISTJ- Katniss (Hunger Games), Ree Dolly (Winter's Bone) ISTP- Mystique (First Class,...
Is movie Tiffany a Fe dom? She seems to do whatever she feels like doing- makes me think she has Fi and Se somewhere in there.
I think other ISFJs are great, and people in general could learn a lot from their kindness. I just seem to have all the problems of one, without any of the good traits. Yay for other ISFJs!
Fuck, I am tired of dealing with everyone else's bullshit. So you know what? Here is how everyone is fucking up their own lives, and my own, and I'm going to abandon you and do what I want, because I...
I honestly don't know, and am probably completely wrong. I was just thinking 5s are going to be less emotional and people-pleasing than other ISFJs, that's all.'"


1156: 'Right now I have 3 or 4 (it depends on how often the 4th one and I are talking) close friends, but I will just talk about the two whose personality types I know for sure  My ISFJ friend and I are...
This morning I realized that I officially have no romantic feelings for you anymore. I do care about you as a person and as a friend, but I need someone who is going to be there for the long haul. I...
Mmmm challah bread sure is delicious!  Physiatry is definitely a vital field of medicine, and that's cool that you're interested in pursuing it. I know you'll find your way once you are in medical...
I was just discussing this with another ISFJ friend of mine because it just happened to me 20 minutes ago:  You know you're an ISFJ when you feel guilty for winning an eBay auction because the...
Since the museum is a Jewish museum, the activities are designed to teach about the diversity of Jewish people around the world, Jewish migration, and the actions of Jews during the Holocaust. It's...
I have done a lot of things at museums, but acting as a tour guide or docent hasn't been one of them yet! I'm terrified of public speaking, and I feel like it'd either make me better at public...
Howdy! ENFJs are really cool, and I was convinced that I was one for quite a while but realized that I was more of an ISFJ.  Interests: Art History, foreign languages (Japanese was my major in...
I'm really sorry to hear about your loss, and I am glad that you seem to have other friends that support you at the moment.  Personally, her behavior seems a bit odd to me. Even though I don't...
I think I'm a lot like Ann from Parks and Recreation. We have warm, quiet personalities and a strong sense of keeping things in order in the background. And we also have a dry, sarcastic sense of...
That ESTJ you're talking about sounds pretty paranoid to me, or that they're just assuming the worse out of people. I am extremely flattered by random compliments and thank yous because they make me...
Now that it's been officially a little more than half a year since I graduated college, I have been doing a lot of reflection on the past four years I spent there.   Honestly, college doesn't hold...
Enneagram and Myers-Briggs are two separate theories, and as far as I can tell, there really isn't much correlation between the two. Myers-Briggs describes how an individual interacts with their...
It's probably a combination of a lot of factors! Things like the social environment(s) that one was raised in, one's own disposition, the behaviors of parents, guardians, and other individuals who...
This is just my opinion, but it seems like any Myers-Briggs can go together just because there's so much variability within each type. It just depends on the individuals within the relationship, how...
A douchebag is someone who thinks that they're the cream-of-the-crop and disregards the concerns and thoughts of others; a selfish, sleazy asswipe.
The only gifts that I consider returning are clothes that don't fit, and I usually get the same item but in a different size, granted that the store still sells it. Gifts are super personal to me, no...
Some things I remember with near-perfect clarity, like you all above described with your memories. These tend to be significant events, ones that impacted me negatively, positively, and in between....
As to be expected, I've modified some of these titles so that they say ISFJ instead of other personality types:  As an ISFJ I hate school Where does the arrogant and omnipotent ISFJ stereotype...
As long as the house wasn't too big (so I wouldn't have to spend a long time cleaning it) and I was able to get good Wi-Fi service, I'd love to do that! The countryside is really relaxing to me and...
This time I'm asking for advice about a different friend. I have since made amends with the friend that I posted about before!  When I was actively using Tumblr, I often used it as a space to vent....
Going to the dentist is always fun because I hate the sounds of drills and picks scraping against my teeth. It'd be nice if they gave me earplugs because I probably wouldn't be so difficult. In a...
I don't think that just because ISFJs use Ne as an inferior function, it doesn't mean that they can't be creative! It just means that we are less likely to fall on Ne, not that there's a complete...
I guess they mean that Carlos Santana is an ISFJ when they list Santana, and probably not the whole of the band. Nevertheless, I do love Santana and Rhianna!  Even though I haven't taken piano...
Would you care to elaborate, Personality Cafe user Satan Claus?
I decided to pull up my Facebook profile just in case I forgot any films!  A Little Princess (1994) Edward Scissorhands Wayne's World Spirited Away Seven Samurai  Roman Holiday The Fantastic...
I'm going to third everything that was said before me.  While I do think that you may have stepped over his boundaries by messaging him with ideas for dates after he said he wasn't ready, I don't...
I can be forgiving... up to a point. I used to be too forgiving in my youth. I never stood up for myself when my friends wronged me, and I became a living doormat.   To this day, I am still...
I can see him being a dominant or secondary Si user since he dwells on the errors of the past all of the time. Then again, he does tend to look at what happens to the Baudelaire children as...
Since you said he has lots of clothes and shoes, maybe a shoe organizer or rack would be good? It would help keep him organized and you can find some pretty inexpensive ones.  Maybe I'm just a...
I would rather break off all contact with you at this point, but I've been thinking about you for some reason lately. I am curious to know what you are doing, to see which of the two of us is having...
Okay.
Okay.
A friend of mine just posted this Thai commercial (with English subtitles) on Facebook, and I think that it is the most ISFJ commercial ever.  WARNING: This display of generosity will probably make...
Maybe I'm not the best ISFJ to answer this because I'm a lesbian, but I'll list a few general things.   I hate it when I'm trying to get to know someone that I like and I'm the one that's asking...
Does she hide her feelings even when there's a big problem?  If you suspect that something is going on, I'd suggest asking her how she feels about X or Y problem. Sometimes I don't feel comfortable...
How long have you been seeing each other? Has your relationship just begun or have you been together for a while?
Idealists are definitely a needed force in the world because they help us move forward and evaluate the big picture. Having said that, I do wish that some of my idealistic friends would remember to...
My friend posted this Harry Potter MBTI chart on Facebook. I checked through this thread to see if anyone had posted it yet, but that didn't seem to be the case. I thought that I would post this here...
In addition to what I wrote above, I think my biggest vice is gluttony. I do tend to eat whatever is served on my plate or what I get at a restaurant, no matter how much food there is. It hasn't...
I have OCD, and the main compulsion that I have right now is hair pulling too. I'm working my way out of it right now, but sometimes I slip back into it, especially when I'm stressed or I feel like I...
I definitely experience periods where I feel isolated from everyone else and I can get a little narcissistic at times.  My Asperger's has always made me feel a bit isolated from people. A good...
The only point that I agree with in this video is that the U.S. media and its society glorifies violence to an unhealthy level.  However, I tend to roll my eyes whenever someone argues that things...
I'm a visual learner too, so I know how incredibly frustrating it is to read or hear something and be expected to memorize it.  I have no idea what kind of info you have to memorize, but is there a...
It's a really awful Ouroboros of a dilemma, but I get mad at myself when I don't live up to my high expectations. Then I hate myself for being perfectionistic and being obsessed with perfection, and...
I've actually talked to about 4 people who are mutual friends of my friend and me. Most of them say that she hasn't been talking to them much since graduation, so it's nice knowing that she's not...
Thank you very much!  I do realize that I have to give her space if I try initiating contact and she doesn't respond. It is kind of frustrating though, playing the waiting game. But it's really the...
I thought I'd go to the forum of my own type with this query.  I graduated from college in May of this year, and I've been in pretty good contact with my friends from college. I probably talk to my...
While the online tests can act as a guidestone to figuring out your Myers Briggs type, they are pretty inaccurate because they rely on the superficial definitions and application of each function.  ...
No kidding. Nearly every Fe-dom that I know is bossy in some capacity, some more than others. It's especially fun when my ISFJ friend and I boss each other around.
I think I once saw a study on Myers-Briggs types and success in college which said that ISFJs had the highest average GPA in college out of any type. Even though these results might not be entirely...'"


1157: 'My mom is an ISFJ, and my dad was an INTP. My dad adored my mom, and they had an amazing marriage until he passed away. It can definitely work! Personally, I had a friend in the past who was an INTP,...
I love to travel! My favorite place to go on vacation is Walt Disney World. My husband and I are in love with it. Some of my favorite places to travel to are San Francisco, New York City,...
46% Caregiver, 29% Spiritual, and 25% Intellectual
Yes, I do feel like that sometimes. But, it doesn't take long before I want to go back home and stay away from people for awhile.
YES! Everything that you said annoys me too.  Other than many of the phrases already mentioned, What's up? annoys me because I never know how to answer. I'm like... Uh... Nothing much. Lol. I...
1. Would you ever consider going bungee jumping/skydiving?  I would consider it, but I'm not sure I'd be brave enough to go through with it.  2. Would you ever consider getting plastic surgery?...
I agree. I don't particularly like the word religious because it has negative connotations, but it wouldn't be truthful to say I am not religious. Well, it's not the word I don't really like; it's...
Lol, yeah. It's strange. I wasn't shy at all until around 5th grade, but I wasn't super shy until I was a teenager.
I'm not a control freak, but I can be bossy sometimes. However, it is rare for me to be bossy because I'm usually too shy to speak up when someone is doing something that annoys me. I was a lot more...
I'm not touchy feely either. I rarely initiate hugs except with my husband. It's just really awkward/uncomfortable for me to just hug someone, hold hands, etc. I'm not a super emotional person...
I'm the same way.
Yes!! I do that a lot! :D
I only have a 1% preference for F over T, so I do sometimes act like an ISTJ or even an INTP because my preferences for everything except I aren't exceptionally high (and I have a lot of ISTJs...
Lol! I know what you mean. I'm pretty awkward myself when I receive gifts.
8 Words of Affirmation 11 Quality Time 0 Receiving Gifts 6 Acts of Service 5 Physical Touch  Wow, our scores are very similar! :) I'm the same way about gifts.
I agree! :)
You're welcome! :) I know exactly how that feels.
Awe, thanks. :blushed: You should! :)
You're very welcome! :)   I agree! There are so many beautiful people here.  Awe, thank you so much. :blushed:
I think you're very pretty! :)
I have a book about them. I believe I'm Melancholic/Phlegmatic. I don't really relate to the other two much, if at all.
I just recently watched it, and I could definitely relate to Sophie too! :) I felt like she make a lot of decisions that I would have too in her place, and that rarely ever is the case for me when...
Mine is just my best friend's nickname for me. Candi is short for my first name (Candace), and my middle name is Joy.
I can probably count on both my hands how many times I've really cried about my dad dying when I was 19. For the first couple years, I could count how many times on just one hand. I didn't even...
I absolutely love all Zelda music. My husband and I went to The Legend of Zelda: Symphony of the Goddesses two different times it was in Atlanta. It is amazing to hear the themes played live.
This is pretty much how I feel at my new job right now. :frustrating: People usually can't tell that I'm having such a hard time. I think it's because I try so hard not to be a burden to other...
I think it is common for ISFJ's to be level-headed. I'm the same way.
Thank you. <3
Awe, thanks so much! :)
I'm pretty much the exact same way. :)
You should look at this thread: http://personalitycafe.com/isfj-forum-nurturers/73093-isfj-istj-relationships.html  I've been in a relationship with an ISTJ for almost 8 years and married to him...
I'm pretty much the same way/similar to all the posts above. I tend to withdraw in response to all of those most of the time. If I ever get frustrated as a result of being tired, upset, etc., I...
Exactly! I get really upset sometimes when I feel like people just don't get me and don't like dealing with them. I'm also grateful that this forum exits and to know that there are others who feel...
I can so relate to this. You have my sympathies. Also, I would probably choose invisibility for the exact same reasons.
I can definitely relate. I'm the same way. My parents always told me I could do whatever I wanted to do and succeed, and I don't think it's just because they are my parents and are obligated to say...
Awesome. :) I have family in both Texas and Tennessee. I'm from Georgia.
I love Silver Linings Playbook! It's one of my favorites. And, yes. I do like watching movies.
Abbigailius I'm from the South too. :)
Thank you! :) It did.
Haha! I'm the same way. :)
I either don't smile much at all or can't stop smiling. I think it depends on who I'm with and on my mood. People do say things like that to me sometimes. For some reason, guys like to tease me a lot...
When awkward silences happen, I am either really quiet and trying to think of something to say but don't before it gets even more awkward... or, I start talking about something really random that no...
I have my first formal job interview today. I'm super nervous. Wish me luck!  115434
I'm not sure that any of her music besides this song has ever went big or anything. I've loved her music for years but don't really pay attention to that. Lol. It's possible you've heard some of her...
I listen to all kinds of music. My favorite music is alternative/indie rock. I also have a thing for Korean music. :) Some of my favorite bands are Angels & Airwaves, Of Monsters & Men, Arcade Fire,...
Gender: Female Hair Color: Dirty Blonde Hair Style: Long with layers Eye Shape: Almond Eye Color: Blue/green with yellow around the pupil and grey around the iris Glasses: I have them but don't...
Haha! Awe, both of you are cute!
This has got to be one of the sweetest things I've ever read. Good luck finding an ISFJ girl in real life! :)
I do that sometimes too. :)
In almost all games I play, I play a rogue/thief or bard. I would probably have to say bard though because I love music, and bards have similar skills to thieves. Being a thief would be too much...'"


1270: 'uhhhhhhhhhhh i can't even. have you seen the stuff we've replied to? constructive stuff is fine, your stuff is fine, it's an opinion that you can at least partially back up. it  doesn't apply to all...
i like that quote that Trigun64 stated. people mistake me for being simple because i say simple things. why would i clutter up conversation with unnecessary thoughts from my inner mind? no one wants...
no, but you're saying that because sensors rely on experience, we're less intelligent. everybody relies on experience. experience is the culmination of outside information. you seem to be under the...
from now on whenever someone typist calls me stupid i'm just going to ramble on and on and on without any real logic or point and at the end be like, and that's why you're wrong. REFUTE ME, I DARE...
yeah but to get the things you need outside experience. in order to connect things together in a meaningful and relevant way, you have to apply them to something outside of yourself. you have to get...
every piece of information that you take in is based on experience. the only way your intuition knows how to work is by experience. the information you actually intuit is based on the reality around...
http://fc01.deviantart.com/fs30/f/2008/099/3/b/Bear_Hug_by_CommodoreElfman.jpg
oh, so your past experience with sensors? you mean...you formulated an opinion based on your past experiences? ...like....SENSORS DO?!?!!?!?   hmph.  probably not an intp. probably istp. ~*~*
experiance, huh? well, now i might as well just walk out with my tail between my legs. that was the most convincing thing i've ever read.
how big and bold of you. >:) care to back that up, or are you just going to throw around ad hominem attacks? maybe not ad hominem, because that implies you are actually attempting to use logic in the...
ONCE AGAIN, NOT ABOUT YOU. and furthermore, your statement to back that up once again is just saying that you express love the way that you express love. you even admit that you don't express love...
once again, i haven't called you ignorant because i wasn't actually talking to you or about you. making this about yourself once again is not a flattering trait.     i am discussing what i have...
i haven't called anyone typist because i don't see typist behavior here, i see ignorance and i am trying to correct it. you are failing to grasp any of the points i am making and you are accusing me...
i always understood the course material very well and enjoyed doing the work. i always felt like i was kind of in my element academically, which is a very rare feeling for me in general because i am...
yeah most entjs i know woudl find this kind of behavior irritating and irrational. because number one: he's being an idiot. and number two: he's not even being rational in his approach to business....
i've never said that nfs are not love oriented. i've never even said that nfs don't value love over other values that they have. i said that you can't make exclusionary statements like that. it's...
oic, so you only make sure to curb your discriminatory marks if people are legally protected.....how very noble of you!  tbh, i think it makes it that much worse if you don't see type as anything...
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_utLzxhMxEUk/TKZQ3mIEFzI/AAAAAAAAATk/Yi3R9HEgqg8/s1600/Forever+alone+%2813%29.jpg
http://www.randomblog.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/sarah-palin-derp-derp-derp.gif
why thank you~ (for the intrigue part)  a lot of isfjs probably think the things i say, i just say them because i'm nuts. i'm also not terribly tactful, because my fe is low. not all of us are...
this is half responding to quote, half RAGE. some of it applies to everybody, some of it applies directly to the quote. guess you'll have to use that intuitive intelligence of yours to figure it out....
yes, and? just because people have ideas about things doesn't make their ideas right. no person can be truly objective because all of their preconceived meanings and ideas come from within themselves...
when you keep waiting for people to arrive at their point, and then they say things like, oh - that was the point or there was no point  .................. ...
hardstyle is pretty great, dj caffeine and all that.
isfps vomit rainbows.
what do you mean, entjs cry?! i didn't know entjs had tear ducts!?!?!!?! worldview: shattered.    ... sarcasm aside, what's really weird though is, as a feeler myself, i've never cried over the...
............................
the facts are truth. meaning is open for interpretation, therefore isn't compatible with fact. that isn't to say that what a fact means is or isn't correct, but when you try and interpret facts you...
everything in here is true. everything. i'm actually a lamp post.
none of these are actually qualities of men, they're just qualities you guys like in men. objectively, what is masculine?
...that's what she said.
the responsibility of an action comes only from intent. if you trip and fall on someone and hurt them, you are not guilty of hurting them because you did not intend to hurt them. if you punch them in...
Horses in my dreams Like waves, like the sea They pull out of here They pull, they are free  Rode a horse around the world Along the tracks of a train Broke the record, found the gold Set...
you mean in terms of topic? i couldn't answer, it's far too varied a question. if asked to name deep topics i could probably come up with several thousand. life, existentialism, philosophy, etc....
i've considered it, and even made a case for it, but apparently not!
i wasn't? i was arguing the point of the thread i assumed you made. once you told me you hadn't made the thread about that, i left. (after attributing to what i assumed the thread was about, which...
1. Why, do you think, we become the majority of all types?  probably because we get things done. that's just the way it is. if there weren't sjs society would probably built out of nerf.  2. How...
but, see, then, you say things like:    so...what did you want to do? you don't want to talk about sensors vs intuitives, you don't want to talk about cognitive functions in relation to depth,...
oh, i think i misinterpreted the difference between informative and directive. it has to do with diplomacy & tact, i would consider that related to f entirely, yeah. (remembering my directive...
it's a big, giant pile of cash. :happy:
this whole thread is ni and si clash. of course they clash. but if both of you are actually intelligent you can learn to understand eachother's perspectives. that makes for a deeper...
i've always been a high ti user. ti is concerned with precision, j is concerned with structure and order. i recently made a thread about this regarding whether or not i use te or fe, but it was...
i fail to see how this is relevant since we are both isfjs and both use ti.
sometimes when i am learning something new i get frightened. because it exercises the far corners of my mind, it seems like i am elevating myself up over my mind and trying to extend to places i...
yeah there are also lots of complaints about that, too, so i suppose you're right.
sfjs aren't directing? what sfjs have you met? :P most of the complaints i hear about sfjs are that they are directive and oppressive. though, compared to structure, i think structure would win. so...
i like nts, a lot. i have a feeling most of them don't like sjs, though. who knows. entps are cool, i enjoy hanging out with them and all of the entps i have met have been good people. i like most of...
and once again, that's because his point is still unclear and he's still upset some people don't get it.
because despite my having left this thread, dude, he is still rambling on about how i didn't understand and how i misinterpreted all of it and how everybody else is misinterpreting it. i'm explaining...
Trigun64 has no one ever taught you to write an essay? you don't start talking about the thesis point in an essay in the middle of an essay and surround it by irrelevant topics. this is what you...'"


1308: 'have to bump again
have to bump
I am dyslexic so please donx92t comment on spellings   please help me with finding my type, i have put in as much info as possible so please ask as may questions as you need to help :)   1) What...
okay you have miss understood what i meant- may be it was my fault -okay i didnt mean im unhealthy because i got the result ISFJ i meant to say i believe i am a ISFJ because thee personality traits...
http://i1095.photobucket.com/albums/i476/stgoth/PICTkhkjbhj7632copy.jpg http://i1095.photobucket.com/albums/i476/stgoth/kjhouhn.jpg http://i1095.photobucket.com/albums/i476/stgoth/best.jpg this was...
hello ISFJ's i need a little help, i have recently discovered im a ISFJ after believing i was a INFJ. so i have come to the conclusion that im unhealthy and need some advice on how to become my...
you said alot of usefull things :) i will try to cut out junk slowly insted of cutting them out all at one :) and will look into getting profecinal help :) thank you
everything i do is weird
wow i dont even have to post you pritty much said all i had to already :) i did/ do the same thing :D how strange
my boyfriends INFP we get on realy well :) he dose annoy me sometimes and i know i annoy him but we still get on realy well
(dyslexic) <--- T_T getting bored of keep having to wright this every time i want to post T_T   yes i do cry easly- i cry when im angry with loved ones but not with randome people ill get in...
(dyslexic) i have a minor inferiority complex :( so dont like telling people my issues because i fear they dont care what my problems are or what i have to say :S so please be nice when replying <3 ...
(sorry for bad spelling) theirs nothing wrong with that at all - i was very immature only 3 years ago at the age of 16-17 :D i lost a friend and went into scerious mode i was a late victorian prison...
(dyslexic)  I confess that i have had thoughts of ending my life ... the last few months have been hard for me full of stress and dificult times, i have no friends and no one to talk and never have-...
today life has tought me not to bother- not to bother with anything T_T sorry to sound emo but iv had a bad day ¬_¬ life has taken my lemons and sqwished them into my eyes :( no matter how hard i try...
(dyslexic so sorry for bad spelling)    crap, un apreciated, sick, like i have no one in the world who wants to help me, like im just a stupid girl whos their to make everyone elce feel smart and...
need help venting :s (dyslexic so deal with it)  i can complain when pi**ed off but when im over the pure anger and just annoyed i cant seeem to do it- like im so annoyed but i cant even exspress it...
ooh yay it worked  http://i1095.photobucket.com/albums/i476/stgoth/281987_2046368924908_1414961077_32392901_5740792_n.jpg...
http://i1095.photobucket.com/albums/i476/stgoth/282772_2046370524948_1414961077_32392911_4268854_n.jpg  :s unsure how to post photos so hope this worked
:/ i dont know whats my best work :0 ill have to go threw them
i find it realy hard to make friends- iv had some bad exsperiances :( so i kind of shy away from people to save myself from any more heart ache :/ but im willing to let people in and am alwase...
I LOVE PHOTOGRAPHY <3 hello efromm i love your stuff :( i would post my photos too but.... i think ill just be wasting my time :/ but still love photography ^_^
O_o it drives me MAD when people act like something their not. id sterotype myself as goth and it drives me up the wall when others- mostly young - will think they can dress like me or other...
i just see 2 people kissing O_o thats it
sorry for spellings -my spell checkers outof date and im dislexic  iv never been good with friends- i normal make 1 or 2 good friends who often part from me one way or another first friend i made...
please forgive me for any spelling mistakes i am dyslexic  i don't know if its just me but recently i have become very aware of people and how they talk to and treat me- i get the impression they...
thank you all for your loving and helpful comments and advice, im feeling allot better now and will keep your comments in mind when ever i feel down  <3 thank you all for beeing so suportive <3
I'm not one for righting this type of post, and often keep this type of thing to myself- i guess that's why it get to a point something needs to be done.  well; this is whats up: the past 5-6 days...
:D hello you ^_^ i just want you to be happy muffin <3 :( but i diddnt know how to help you <3
cool sounds good- Riy did enjoy fishing :D maybe i could get him back into it or maybe biking around :D could be fun for the 2 of us.thanks for all your help guys <3
hello.  i need some advice from ENFP's.  my friend Riy is a ENFP and recently things haven't been going so well, Riy has no job no money and i believe is pretty miserable. but the thing i need...
i want to post some photos too but cant be bothered to go threw all the work :S too tired
^_^ ooh me too <3 photography is my life and no one can take that away or tell me otherwise ;)
just to say efromm  i love your photos- im a photographer too- wel im not a professional but want to be :D
borne in the wrong time oh tell me about it well not to sound harsh- but hay do what you wanna do BUT im not gonna, because i don't know you enough to say either way.... but i will say that you...
are you being serious ?
well you have all made me feel allot better about posting thank you all so much
hi I'm chazz, i have been a member for a while but have posted only a few times and this is my first thread.  i don't know if its my low self esteem or something else but i feel like i don't belong...
i have had issues with flirting i do it without meaning to or even knowing im doing it and my boyfriend has to keep telling me that others are flirting with me- im glad hes not the jealous type  i...
http://i1095.photobucket.com/albums/i476/stgoth/162848_1595842502029_1414961077_31810507_355346_n.jpg ...
:D aww thanks hes is cute isnt he :)   well hes just a ball of fluff realy :D my boyfriend calls me fluffy because my hair is alwase messy and static, and he sais im moody so the ball of moody...
biggest understatment - no one can see the inner me; my inner beauty, only the outside tought skin i put on to protect myself   its upseting, i want people to treat me right, how i should be...
never thought about it that way jason ( i do believe in another life as spirits) i guess people who commit suicide would hang aroun ... though maby as a punishment- its silly to take your own life so...
oh yes i do agree, some steriotyps are true, its sometimes a shame thought, if you have to be a steriotyp than your not yourself :( but hay its not my life, they can live the way they wish :)
:D i never said you was :) i get abit defencive about steriotyps, apart from when people play up to their steriotype  - pink loving blond girls with big boobs small doggs beeing stupid <---- i hate...
no it was to be differant to be comfertable with death and darkness (something normal people are uncomfertable with)  now days its cool and trendly to be goth and emo <---- making these people...
im an infj and my boyfriends a enfp, we get on alot and love eachother alot, we both believe we are soulamtes
sorry more info :she has no time to spend with me and she feels that she's not trying hard enough <--- this can also be a way for her to make the pain of loosing you lesser  she dosnt want to...
... dont know if this will help at all but i have dreams (nightmares) about my boyfriend leaving me- threw all sorts of ways- death, break ups, ufo's and so on. i have never toled him but it kills...
(dyslexic sorry for bad spelling )  :( oh no not anxiety >.< i suffer with stress, i have acid reflux because of it , i also have anxiety attaks, sometimes i cant even leave my own home.... :o...'"


1351: 'Hi there, ISFJ with a little bit of INFJ experience here!  First off, that is one lucky ISFJ girl because I have always found you guys to be amazing, probably because my mom is an INFJ (and an...
This helped me think about what might be leading him to say what he has said, so thank you! Also, amazing that you also lived in South Korea for a while!  The country has changed a lot since then....
I'm twenty one and he's twenty eight. I definitely believe the issue is related to communication/personality differences and not sexual compatibility. I'm the demisexual in the relationship. XD He's...
I'm an ISFJ who has been dating an INTP for almost six months now. Two months back, he suddenly stopped reaching out to text me first. I figured he was just tired (his work was getting more busy) so...
Not being inside his head makes it difficult to say, but if the topic ever comes up again (he's not huge on MBTI), I'll pass this along to him. He does get frustrated with overarching moral...
During a hard time in his life he did say he became more sensitive. Definitely did not seem critical or authoritarian, as that attitude in others was what made him miserable in the first place.   ...
One point I can remember is that my friend specifically turned an opportunity down because he felt it was no longer mutually beneficial for both parties, possible hurtful to the other party (this he...
Thanks for that link!  Also, this description helps me figure out a little better what it is I should be looking for to tell the two apart. My friend can come across cold, and he has a tendency to...
I phrased that the wrong way. He has that NT vibe about him; the only way I could think to explain it was intellectual. It seems to me that INFPs spend a lot of time on intellectual things as well,...
Based on experiences with my INFP brother, I completely agree on the more likely to snap point. >.<  INTPs usually don't have that air of self-doubt (though I've met a few). But it is confusing...
Posting here as well as the INTP forum because I'm interested in what you guys think, as well.  I know the fundamental differences in functions between INTPs and INFPs, but how do you guys think...
I know the fundamental differences in functions between INTPs and INFPs, but how do you guys think they manifest themselves? I have a friend who has taken the MBTI a few times and scored both INFP...
Whoops, didn't even see this cause I haven't logged in since semester ended. >.< But I'll gladly answer the questions!  1. What's your age/age range?  Early 20s.   2. Where are you located?...
YES. Working in exec of a club this past year which was made up of 4 ISFJs, 2 ENTJs, and 1 INFJ was a crazy experience. All of the Fe in one room at once, and I'd just watch the ENTJs dying from all...
Yes, the struggle of negativity and Fi intertwined is one I'm very familiar with. Nothing inherently bad about the function (or any of them), just manifests itself in a way I don't understand very...
This is helpful, thanks!  No, an ENTJ did not imply that I am clingy but rather a friend (ESTJ) of his can be clingy, though they are best friends so he puts up with it anyway-- kind of like what...
How much attention is too much? Where do you draw the line on how much time someone wants of you? Have any of you had experience with feeling smothered by someone's attention? How did you deal with...
I love traveling. I haven't done a lot of it outside of my own country, but I did visit South Korea twice in 2013 and 2014, with a return trip (and hopefully a job!) lined up for this coming summer!...
I actually think Fi is my least preferred function. I have three brothers who all use Fi in some degree and it is so difficult for me to understand how they experience emotions, and when one goes on...
I definitely feel like there's a lot of unnecessary hate among ISFJs for ENTJs and vice-versa. I think this stems from shortcomings of both types when it comes to the way they relate with each other....
I'm not inside his head, so it could be that he isn't an INFJ. But  so far, that's what he says and that's what I see (and I'm one to often  doubt what people tell me about their type after taking...
I'm pretty positive he is an INFJ, actually, he often complains that he can't tell if he's INFJ or INTJ, but never ENFJ. He's not an extrovert, he's just a talkative introvert. I have often...
Thank you for the advice! We do appreciate spending time together and I find that coming at it with no expectations is less stressful and makes it easier to enjoy his friendship.  I do PM him rather...
Don't worry, I'm also a serial procrastinator! I could've been studying this entire time but I just spent two hours getting sucked into PerC posts instead! Hard to overcome, I've found articles on...
Hehehe, this thread completely explains why my INFJ friend is constantly backing into people/things and causing a ruckus because f it. I can't tell you how many times he has nearly run me over...
I know this has been posted a thousand times, but here is yet another confused ISFJ woman at the INFJ forum asking about an INFJ guy. A pre-post thanks to any one who replies to me! XD  I met this...
I became interested in the MBTI when I was 14. I liked this INFP boy who completely baffled me. I had known him for a year, and one day I discovered my mother's old psychology books (she's a...
Dear ESFJ:   You're way too bossy. Please stop trying to order everyone else's relationships right now.   Dear INTP:  You're too good for the aforementioned ESFJ. Don't worry about it, another...
Recently, one of my female ENFJ friends has made a male ENFJ friend. It's hard to tell if he's flirty with her or not-because he's so ENFJ! and it's sort-of difficult for her to connect to him. At...
Yes. They *definitely* appear to have a very bizarre sense of humor. I've got an assumption that our next door neighbor is an ENFJ, and he has the habit of talking in a cartoonish voice, too! He is...
I've only seen Hyunseung in Big Bang's Documentary, really, but my best guess was always INFP. >.< Dunno how accurate that is for now, though.
Really? He has me stumped. xD Anything in particular that lead you to believe this? Not that I question it or anything, lol Just curious about your observations.
As a P, Zelo doesn't seem to have as many problems with the random,  open-ended nature of Tadah! (and some of their other activities, for  that matter) which I think at least mildly frustrates J...
@MonieJ   Several of those (2NE1, SuJu, SNSD, SHINee, maybe a few more...) have been typed several pages back in the thread...I'm not sure what was decided on most of them, because I'm mostly...
jaurim   Thanks! Jongup, ISFP? I didn't think about it but it totally fits. XD Hey, Jongup and I have something in common...I find reading in silence at night is really enjoyable.  DaeHyun has an...
Please include me in the group, if that's okay. :D  As to BAP, ummm...I don't have much yet. xD   Himchan-ESXP Jongup-I, that's all I gathered.  Bang- XNTX?  Zelo-XSXP?
@jaurim   I'm currently working my way through Tada! It's B.A.P. to maybe get a handle on their types. Even though a lot of it is probably scripted...XD Their personalities really have me...
Thanks for your replies.  And, now that I think about it, he quite possibly could be INFP or ISFP. I don't really know him well, after all. :) He could just be going out of his comfort zone a...
What's the first physical trait you notice in the opposite sex?   First thing, I really just notice the eyes. When I get the time, I like to observe and notice how all the features come together...
No, I've never been in a fist fight, at least, if we're not counting childhood fights with siblings. :P  I have, recently, been in a yelling, shaking, crying fight. I sat on the sideline and...
Alright, so does anyone else find that ISFJ males are rather confusing, or is it just me?  I'm somewhat acquainted with someone who I'm 80% sure is an ISFJ.  Most SJs I know are very focused on...
Tamaki Suoh from Ouran High School Host Club (his character in the manga practically melted my heart) Kaoru Hitachiin also ranks high on my list.   Seriously, the characters in that manga were so...
For the most part, I can handle the ENFJ's clingyness. I find it nice  to have someone who actually really wants to spend time with me on a  day-to-day basis...but I had to tell my ENFJ best friend...
I don't have much facial expression most of the time, and when I'm simply thoughtful, content, moderately happy or even somewhat surprised and trying to figure something out, my friends will ask me...
I'm really in-between ISFJ and ISTJ, but I recognize more ISFJ characteristics in myself...  Like many have said, it depends. If the person I am with is an extrovert, then yes, and if the person I...
I've never been quite sure about Daesung and GD, either. XD  I always think to myself, if Daesung is an introvert, he's probably not a strong introvert. I also find it really hard to tell if someone...
Ah, yes, Tablo does seem to fit INFP. I was thinking about it yesterday and, like you said, considering his point of view on a lot of things it makes sense.
Haha, Kim Hyun Joong is definitely ISTJ. I know 4 ISTJs really well and sort-of am one (though possibly more ISFJ).  So, what about Tablo from Epik High? I've just recently found out about him and...
I agree, hence why I typed him an ESFP...though I could definitely be wrong on that. When I type people, I tend to start with the four temperaments, and then go from there. Dunno of anyone else does...
That's okay, I can take someone disagreeing with me. :) I'm probably not very good at typing, either, so I don't know. I'm trying to read up on the other types that people have presented here to see...'"


1448: 'I dislike how I always seem to manage to step on INFP's toes by saying something that I had *no idea* they could remotely perceive as hurtful.. and then they do. My mom and my sister are INFPs and...
My friends always seem to love my gifts, so, I think I am. I usually think about what to get them waaay ahead of time, and spend an insane amount of time deciding on the gift, so that combined with...
I'm working on this! The hard part is not feeling bad afterwards, or feeling a sense of obligation or that I didn't do my duty. I'm always left feeling that I should have done more even though I feel...
First of all, I apologize for my delayed response! I thought I was still subscribed to receive email notifications from Personality Cafe, but apparently not, and I only just logged back in today.. ...
I just realized my MIL is an ENTP, which explains a lot. I feel like we have little in common and I don't know what to talk about around her. She intimidates me and I tend to just clam up when she's...
All the E types in my experience. Lol
Welcome! :) This is a cool place to learn more about your type.
Yes, I can entirely relate. I get super attached to my friends too, and I feel this need for them to be equally attached. When I don't feel like they are, insecurities pop up.
Well, until now I thought I was a 1w9. Reading this, I realize my talk style is by far predominately a 2. So now I'm thinking I'm a 2w1..
Awww, I feel this way a lot too. Like I'm the most thoughtful person I know, and it's never reciprocated to the same extent :P  Sorry you had a bad day. I hope today has been better. *hug*
You know you're a J when you plan out literally every detail of your day the night before. One of the easiest ways to frustrate you is to spring last-minute plans on you.
1. I'm happy that I worked out even though I reaaally didn't feel like it 2. I'm thankful that there's only 2 weeks until summer break :D just gotta survive finals... 3. I'm happy because my friend...
Welcome! Yes, the ISFJ forum tends to be a little quiet. My hunch is that a lot of us lurk.. ;)
Yes, I have a few letters that have negative emotions because they remind me of dissolved friendships, but at the same time I can't bear to throw them out!
You know you're an ISFJ when your INTJ brother drives you up the wall by saying you said something which you know you did not say. You press the subject because you do not remember saying it,...
SO TRUE! And then once you've given them the gift, you worry about whether or not they really like it.
All of these. Wow. Lol I thought I was the only one who kept every handwritten letter/card/note of any kind!
If I was forced into it then I'd go willingly -ENFJ friend
ISTP because you used as few words as possible.
I'm an ISFJ and I'm a Christian. I think this question has more to do with how someone is raised than their personality type, though.
I'm not an ENFJ but I've noticed this about my ENFJ friend. He can't be single. I feel like it's because he can't put up with the loneliness.
Huh, never thought about it this way but this is definitely true of my ISTP brother. Him and I were never really close until we shared a hobby (swing dancing), and I've noticed that he only makes...
My ISFJ brother is eerily similar to me. I think he might be a different enneagram type though.
ESFJ because you noticed the use of fuzzy words.
Yep! I have a penpal. We don't write as frequently anymore since we started college, but we're still in touch, after about 8 years!
This, exactly.
I'm not married yet, but I'm a wanna-be-homemaker!
I'm not 100% sure he's ISFJ because I only know him as a lab partner, but he seems a lot like me from what I do know. He uses the word feel a lot rather than think even in cases where think would...
Alright, guess that's just me then haha. I'm hoping time will help me become better at being comfortable with attention.     Okay, this was my other guess as to what you meant :) I've actually...
(ISFJ here) This made me laugh because it is SO like my ISTP brother!
Hello! :happy:
Personally, I find INTJ's thoughts and ideas to be quite fascinating when they choose to share them and are willing to continue communicating until I get it.
[/I][/I]By strong, I meant well-developed. Is it correct to speak in those terms? For instance, would it be right to say I'm an ISFJ with a well-developed T?
Do you become the center of attention because you rarely speak, so when you do, everyone listens? Because I've noticed this to be true for me. And it then reinforces my non-speaking behavior because...
ISTJ (female, my very best friend) ENFJ (male, best friend) ISTP (brother by birth, best friend by choice) ESFJ (ex best friend...he had a crush on me which ended our friendship because I didn't...
I think it's going to vary a lot from individual to individual, but I know if someone genuinely wanted my thoughts on something - provided it's something I *have* thought about before - I will...
It really depends on the mood I'm in.   ISTP/ISTJ - cold logical advice INTJ - deep, thoughtful insight. random but interesting conversation. ENFJ - when I need to feel loved ESFP -...
I wish people would not treat me as invisible just because I am quiet. I know it's easy to forget about me because I only ever listen, but I do have opinions and thoughts - I just need to be asked...
My guess is INFJ, with a strongly developed T.
I'm jealous of how ESFJ's can involve ANYONE in a conversation, super easily. You guys are great at making people feel noticed and valuable, even if they're complete strangers. I wish I could force...
I think it is an introvert thing to not want to talk, but still want company. My very best friend is an ISTJ, and talking about how similar we are with being perfectly ok with quiet led to us being...
Dear ISTP brother,  Thanks for being so laid-back that you instantly make me feel guilty whenever I get irritated with you (which is rare). I do wonder though, how come you get along so easily with...
When you take the longer route walking somewhere to avoid having to talk to people you know :P
Aww, this is why you're so awesome. :D My ENFJ best friend is the first person I'd met who I felt cared about the friendship as much as I did.
Hahaha good one!
I haven't read much about the cognitive functions...guess I should so things will make more sense :)
ENFP sounds to me like it could be right.
I love learning about it too. It's all so fascinating to me. I remember when I first learned about introverts vs extroverts - it really helped me accept myself and my extreme introversion to realize...
See, this is how I would like to be. Because I'm probably missing out on amazing friendships by not going more out of my way to put more work into them solely because I don't know if we'll remain...
For me, it was process of elimination, letter by letter. I'm very introverted, so that one was easy. S vs N was a little more difficult, but I was still pretty sure about S. I'm also strongly J. The...'"


1502: 'LOL thanks.  :P  But you realize, the insight wasn't that some people are inevitably and unjustifiably hurtful, which I've basically understood since childhood.  Rather it's that being you is OK...
So I've been alive 27 years and I only just wrapped my head around plain dickishness.  I mean, I could imagine being a Nietzschean lyrical monster, or unassailably ideologically self-righteous, or...
I can't edit the above again, but I'd like to revise my answer.  It's all true in it's fashion, if ghoulishly distorted, but I think it's off center, doesn't get at the real problem.  Lemme try...
A memory. Perhaps not the deepest, but so far it's the deepest I've seen clearly, and it seems to explain a lot.  I had nightmares like it when I was little, but I only just fully recovered it, got...
So some time ago, as a part of my spiritual process of working-through-stuff, I gained access to a kind of fluid, taste-and-feeling experience-of-my-body, through which old issues and new...
The other day on campus, a group of fresh-faced young persons offered me a cupcake with a plastic Happy Birthday decoration and used it to segue into a polished pro-life spiel.  I responded mostly...
I actually clicked on this thread specifically to look for an opportunity to say something sarcastic, but WTF.  Who says that.  Honestly.  I would suggest though that if they say things like this...
- I think I have a more complete perspective on what's been going on with me these past few weeks.  It's as though I'm assimilating and integrating the raw materials of a genuine mind -- but due to...
Actually I'm beginning to suspect that some of the distinction here has to do with whether or not N is in your ego block -- if it is, then perhaps power (in a positive / capable / less cynical...
Oh whoops!  That was actually what I was going for myself, but now that you mention it maybe I see how it could come across entirely backwards.  (Perhaps I misunderstood a Ti > Fe nonissue as a Fe...
So uh, y'all realize that @theorycraft's comment was a joke, right?  The idea being that since  - INTPs frequently have difficulty if not with christianity exactly then with the kinds of...
I don't think I fully understand the question.  Where do hearts exist but on sleeves?  I appreciate that others presumably go about this sort of thing differently, but I hardly know how I feel until...
Once more.  (It's only in contrast to everyone else's that my answer took shape.  How unsurprising, in retrospect.  :P)  To me power is not so much capacity as it is a co-option and choking-off of...
You sure?  There are quite a lot of them you know.  Anarchist communism - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Hah, I appreciate the invitation but I think I may have exhausted my personal knowledge of INFJ intertype relations.*  :P  Honestly I didn't realize until after I'd written it what precisely I was...
Perhaps rather, that meaning doesn't reside in the definitions of words but begins in what surprises and interests us about our relations to our surroundings, is momentarily given shape in the things...
To me power means whatever it has to mean to grant me a coherent / meaningful / useful perspective on whatever it is I happen to be thinking about, for whatever reasons I happen to be thinking...
Rereading the thread, I think a lot of folks are misunderstanding the role that being connected to the universe plays in spiritual work, and that we're taking positions on whether or not it's true...
Good work, I just went and covered the remaining bases.  ISFJ thinks you're magnetic and charming but can't quite process how prickly you are so alternates between being drawn towards the bug...
I think it's more that people sufficiently self-realized to be considered enlightened rarely have or would have sought any swag to begin with, but as a partial counterexample:  ...
Why are we all university professors?  Also I kinda wish that tenderness were more subtle, the test author's conception of it seems to be a bit think-y -- do you reject your feelings out of hand...
Teybo, in your reply you seem to be  - attributing certain aspects of the way people talk about functions to the internet to function talk in the abstract; - disassociating dimension talk in...
I'll concede that most folks who talk about functions online (and I absolutely include myself in this) aren't using a terribly sophisticated framework for the way they influence / factor into /...
Despite the fact that this thread is about a subject that has nothing to do with me discussed in very abstract and general terms, I am not fooled, for being a straight white cisgendered...
Teju Cole's twitter is one of the most startlingly beautiful things on the planet.  I state the obvious not because you're slow but because I am. I write in order to misunderstand less.
Seems pretty clearly ISFJ to me.  Definitely an introvert who relies principally on Si and Ti, but Ne shows up principally manifesting through / implicit in stuff he already has all manner of Si with...
Impasse.  I've been working through the issues surrounding my alienation from the essential identity, which eventually involves identifying and dissolving self-representations of various kinds, one...
God it's good to be alive.  ( Juggernaut I have no idea what I'm looking at but that's beautiful and amazing and wonderful and I love it, nicely done.)
ipseity: Truth stands on its own.  It doesn't need you to fight for it.      me: But what am I if not a warrior for truth? ipseity: A witness.  A spokesperson.  Perhaps also a poet.      me:...
I spent the afternoon catching up on electoral politics, and in the process something happened.  A subtle occlusion on the right side of my chest, where my Strength should be, as though there's...
Dear Future Self: you'll recall that this was the year that you finally became Buddhist (or something).  Suddenly / abruptly / accidentally differentiating Fe, cultivating mindfulness /...
Aha.  Then to answer your original question, I blame the authoritarian tendencies in modern public life that create the need for such PR in the first place.  I think I see what you're saying, and...
It sounds like implicit in this question is an assumption that groups with an idea have (or should have) a single authoritative version of that idea with which every member agrees, and if anyone...
http://i.istockimg.com/file_thumbview_approve/4228209/2/stock-illustration-4228209-worn-anarchy-flag.jpg
Those in power have every reason to believe that imagination is evil, and the extent to which you agree is a pretty good indication of the extent to which you, yourself, identify with power.  (Please...
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BLhzsk_CEAAjyXV.png:large
@Octavarium I see what you're saying, but honestly I think most everyone will wind up with their own subtly different definition of the functions according to their own experience / understanding;...
@Octavarium, fair enough -- though mine is basically the opposite perspective, so to me ISFJ means SiFeTiNe and little else.  I've honestly considered retyping back to INTP and putting in my...
@Octavarium, I think I see where you're coming from, but I think your analysis is conflating three slightly different things, and that your own relationship to this issue / question / conflict could...
From the violence fairy.  She visits at night with brass knuckles and an icepick and leaves your teeth under your pillow.  Seriously though, I realize that my use of the word violence to describe...
Depends on what you're concentrating on and how genuinely interested you are in it.  But defining self-discipline as threatening to beat yourself up in order to get yourself to do such and such an...
I'd rather have the skills of concentration, mindfulness, and inquiry than self-discipline.  Best part of it is, you don't even need self-discipline to cultivate them, if all goes well.  You just...
I like this breakdown and think there's something to it (in particular I have a lot of bathtub eureka moments when in gear) but -- I think to note this and end here is to leave the work only half...
So I almost entirely agree, but one small point --    I'm an ISFJ who may as well have been born in a math department library, so intellectual pursuits have always been the focus of my life --...
It's funny, 'cuz I definitely relate -- but then it turned out I was less TiNeSiFe than SiFeTiNe and just short-circuited Fe early on with a judgement against my Fe ('cuz I thought it was a dumb...
My personality is the perfect personality which has no flaws or weaknesses so I don't understand why I'd want to change it.  (Actually I'd like to stay mostly me, except to be able to morph into an...
DISPARAGE CURSIVE?!?  WHY YOU SCOUNDREL!!! YOU REPROBATE CUR!!! HOW THOROUGHLY SCANDALOUS!!!  Yeah my handwriting's pretty terrible honestly.  I have to print all caps on the blackboard to make it...
Actually yeah, lemme revise my hypothesis.  You've presumably known more INFJs so I'd be interested in your thoughts, but from my perspective I'm guessing it's mostly  1) a kind of...
I think this is an odd effect of Fe/Ti reasoning.  When I make deliberate and reasoned use of Fe, I start relating to my vocabulary in a completely different fashion, and all kinds of huge words pop...
HI KILGORE  HI  HI KILGORE HOW ARE YOU  HOW ARE YOU FEELING TODAY  HI'"


1509: 'Fi
I relate to this a lot.
I personally think the very BASIC esfj(s) are annoying. Their Fe is too much. The ones that live near me are extremely fake, critical, and 'too happy'. I find the nostalgia annoying as shit too....
I get that I am 5w6. However, I don't feel like an intellectual.
I am searching for a new one too! I was watching Ergo Proxy but I lost interest since it was sooooo slowwwww in the beginning.
Growing up I was often perceived to be reserved and quiet. However, when someone gets to know me, I am silly and somewhat intelligent/naive. I have a preference for something different than the norm....
I was trying to make friends but I couldn't make friends. I never understood the concept of friends until middle school. I still did not make friends after I understoood the concept. I was always...
I am very opinionated.
Obviously, every ISFJ different. I don't really need space, I just need them to be patient and let me talk.  I tell my partner my thought process out loud by step by step to find where we have a...
684218
As an ENFP, how do you perceive nostalgia?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dATQf-BjIS8
!!!!! Hire a hitman, of course.  Inbox the fella back and ask where did it go wrong.  If s/he continues to be a little wiener, just tell them to screw off. Keep the insult short, since you have...
There are a lot of things I thought I wanted to be.  I wanted to be a Mechanic when I was very very young.  2nd grade to 4th grade I wanted to be a soldier then I found out I could not become one...
Oddly, I do not relate. I was talking about this with my girlfriend who is an ISTJ or INTJ. She seems to love nature and the beauty of it. The way I view the world is almost the video on Netflix,...
I respect them. Majority of them are such sweet hearts.  Although a lot of ISFJs tend to annoy me. Mostly the ones who are completely irrational. Or the ones who do not get interested in a lot of...
That's a good question!  I do not want to help people or do psychological research.  The information that is taught is often too dry for my taste. Its fun to think about but that is it for me. ...
Sweet as a button. Caring. Smart. chill. (internally I'm dying all the time.)  Just generic compliments.
You come off as an ISTJ to me.  Possibly an ESTJ.
I am trying to do the same as you, but I have a tendency to be passive-aggressive, sometimes rather than standing for myself. So, I was trying to find a way for myself to not be passive aggressive....
Honestly, that's more of a gut thing for you to decide. Just think what is best for you.  Sometimes, people say listen to your heart and that's a BS answer. Think about it before you do it. I...
XXTJ women. Idk why. I find their presence intense, and it makes me tingle. :blushed:
Strategist  66% Visionary  52% Diligent   70%
What makes you think that?
I do not hate anything, honestly. Maybe, I just do not care most of the time.  I hate ambiguous or unclear replies.  I'm just lazy and sometimes do not like to assume what is the person talking...
I found a lot of subjects to be tedious and boring in high school. Ironically, I like writing and research, but I am not the greatest at writing X: I want to pursue research in UX.  Some reason, I...
You are most likely an ISFJ.
I relate to this as well. Although, I do not mind people going off topic as long I am interested in it.  What I find annoying: I helped a stranger close her backpack. After I closed her bag, she...
I used to think I was an INTP or ENTP (due to how much I socialize). The descriptions for ISFJ just drove me away from the idea that I could be one. Plus the fact my enneagram is 5w6, which is...
It depends on what they talk about. Most of the time, I kind of zone out while they're talking to me.
I am trying to develop some hobbies but I struggle to maintain interest. I seriously suck at multitasking so I never got hobbies to do.
What is wrong with ISTJs?
Tbh, I feel like a lot of the depressing memes I see on FB are from unhealthy ISFJ(s). :bored:
Depends on what you mean by embarrassing someone. I do embarrassing things to make someone embarrassed to hang out with me. Or, unintentional embarrassment such as pointing out flaws in someone's...
I get an Si dom vibe from reading your responses. Plus, I am quite similar, judging from your responses. Aside that, Si is not all about traditions, it could be doing what comfortable for you since...
You sound more like an ISFJ than a INFJ.
Three months is quite a long time. I think it's time to kick the fella out.
Right now I am going to school for IT. I sometimes face these self-defeating thoughts too. Especially when I'm practicing some Java on HackerRank, some people's codes are much more convenient or...
Sorry, but I do not understand your point. It might just be what you said is not very clear to me. :confused:   Sweetish I actually do the same when you eat food. Although, I often pick something...
You know, I actually noticed that with a lot of people. I actually joke the same exact way, which is partly the reason why I get descriptive during stories or jokes. I always thought it was weird...
Ah interesting.  if si is ..relating memes to other memes and Ne can also ...generate associations and draw parallels.  I have a question for this, but I don't know how to ask it nor do I...
Then what is Ne?
I believe it's a personal trait. I am not really dramatic nor do I enjoy exaggerating things, unless I am making up a story.
Hmm, I do not get angry most of the time, I think I got angry like 5 times so far? Mostly, I get annoyed or irritated.  It depends on who I am with: if I am not personally close to them. I would...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0_ardwzTrA
You're like me, and I am ISFJ 5w6!  Except I am a 21-year-old male. The description of ISFJ(s) is not going to fit every single one of us. :
|They are not too shabby.
I should probably shave more often. I always forget to look at myself in the mirror for months.
My first choice would be 7. The things I struggle with most are 7, 5, 4, and 3.  Mostly insecurities I guess. The other stuff I do not really struggle with.
623650'"


1510: '>>> sleepatmoon  [check] psychedelic shoegaze & such
straight-lace shoegaze.
white water.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvW0Qm8UhzU  sumin' crazy about a disco and a suicide. fancy that.
32857  Here's the picture I was referring to, oops :confused:
http://img16.imageshack.us/img16/8682/800gnn.jpg  Recently, I was remembering the http://personalitycafe.com/isfj-forum-nurturers/66125-interests-become-obsessions.html#post1623058 thread from a...
http://i41.tinypic.com/21n46r6.jpg  The genuine smiles were contagious. I found myself smiling along with them, so it wasn't that hard for me to discern fake from real. Cool test :happy:
Lovely, really! Started my Saturday morning early and headed out to an unventured trail nearby. There were many beautiful views, but this was the most spectacular. The early morning breeze and the...
Am I right to see some Jim Jarmusch inspiration in this? :tongue: Really cool, love the feeling of the black and white.
I currently have 22 friends on Facebook. Mainly, that number is constituted of long distant family members that I message with. I don't like to know too much about the lives of people around me;...
http://i54.tinypic.com/2zekmk4.jpg  Really interesting storyline delivered through superb acting and an atmospheric soundtrack. :proud:
http://i52.tinypic.com/14ctz0h.jpg  I found this beauty towards the end of my closet reorganization last night (shame I lost it really). It's pretty much my favorite game of all time. Of course,...
I'm really obsessed with the Amish lifestyle. I have about 12 mini handmade porcelain figurines of the Amish people that I've collected from my several visits to the Amish country.   Their culture...
Oh, I really like this thread!  Recently, I have been watching several documentaries on YouTube since they host a bit of the smaller-scale or free-released documentaries. The last few documentaries...
My birthday is going quite well so far. I received an early present from the volunteer place in which I'm involved in, and I can't stop smiling.  Anne of Green Gables box series. So perfect :proud:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmOIwWhdksA&feature=related  On repeat. I love dream pop.
http://i53.tinypic.com/hvvy2u.png (it's a link!)  After I found myself compulsively visiting the site after finding it,  I decided to make it my homepage. The website coincides with my...
Hello Monie ~~ :)  I'm just a bit apprehensive today, but that's okay! I hope you're doing well.  My favorite colors tend to vary among warm shades of green, brown, and gray.  A perfect day to me...
If you're interested in the theme of the show, I would recommend it to you.  You don't necessarily have to have read the comic to understand the episodes. That's just where some of the...
Hm. So far, I don't think the show is that disappointing.  The storyline in my opinion has been pretty interesting.. I just hope that it doesn't fall more into an overdone story line rather than...
~skip.....
/headdesk.
Aw hugs and kisses :) bye :happy::happy:
As of now...  - Being John Malkovich - Trainspotting - Ghost World - One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest - Children of Men  Hmmm... :tongue:
Depends on who's asking........
Two young lovers learn that a small group of child-like space aliens are marooned on Earth and are being held prisoner at a top secret military facility. The couple then decide to liberate the...
Why do you think so? (curious)
http://i54.tinypic.com/2yo1puo.jpg  Peter Sarsgaard.  He's so beautiful it makes my heart melt... also so very talented! Love movies he's in. Has a John Malkovich-type voice which I looove too...
http://i51.tinypic.com/501hqu.jpg  Uncle Eddie from Grounded for Life. Loved him so much, haha. What a great show... :sad:
Sharkwater.  Really an eye-opening documentary...
I had bought a lottery ticket (a rare occasion) and ended up winning $1,000.  I got to donate that money to the local food bank I volunteer at.  Very happy. :proud:
To see it at your TV yeah.. it's not a movie :tongue:
I myself have always enjoyed zombie or post-apocalyptic films.  So, I was pretty excited to hear about a new show that would be concerning such.  The show is called The Walking Dead and it's...
The Devil and Daniel Johnston..  Beautiful! :proud:
Honestly, I watched The Obama Deception a while ago and it was just a laugh. So, after getting half way through it I decided to google it and found this site.  Heh. 31 pages of good ol' debunking....
...And I'm sure you won't offend anyone either... :dry:
Oh, I love The Hours! The book is great too :proud:
http://i56.tinypic.com/24b6sdj.jpg
http://i53.tinypic.com/w6qikk.jpg  Giraffes!  I also like various felines, bears, and birds.
http://i51.tinypic.com/kspcj.jpg  Heh :cool:
http://i51.tinypic.com/2r43pcm.png  Daria... :bored:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jUm7OD9ZBw&feature=related   Beautiful man, beautiful song :proud:
Happy Birthday John & Sean! :proud:
Clicky.  Usually forget to put it on when I listen to music lol so it may seem skimpy.   Also.. my music on my computer got wiped recently with all my other stuff.  So can't use it for a while...
Miss my link? :tongue:
Only to a fool :wink:
Recently got Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad, should be reading soon -- excited. http://i197.photobucket.com/albums/aa6/LOL_At_That/thumbs_up.gif :cool:
Remove the    tags. There is no code to make a video show up, you just have to post the link. :happy:
No! That's hotlinking. and hotlinking is bad!   You're better off doing it the way you were. When you do it the way just suggested to you, you're stealing others' bandwidth which they have to pay...
http://i54.tinypic.com/i71t3k.jpg  (Jesse) Ethan Hawke in Before Sunrise... if only... :blushed: :proud:  Have yet to watch the sequel, but I'm sure I'll fall in love all over again. :tongue:...'"


1562: 'ISFJ and INTP relationships are pretty steady, once they get going. It can take a while to develop, though, since both parties can be rather shy upon first meeting... but a good, relaxing social...
I find it weird that we naturally have a silly side, despite the way we appear. I have been known most of my life as a dork and I love it =)
I Sincerely Feel Justified ...in loving on you!
Being super-sensitive. It's an area I am growing in, but I still find myself overreacting or freaking out at any criticism, even if it's positive.
Good question! Most INFJ's I know IRL are almost exactly the same personalities as ISFJ's. I keep confusing the two, honestly =)
I really want to read all of it, but there's so much information (and big words! ;)  ) I can only read little chunks at a time! Haha. Thanks for posting!
I admit it: I purposefully lose so that the other person feels better. I could care less if I win or not. If I win, i'd feel bad for the other person. Usually the people I play against are...
My mom is an ISFJ, and if I had one word to describe her it would be angel. Throughout my childhood, she has always had a gentle, soothing voice, never showed her anger, was a good listener, and...
Wow. That hit me hard. So true! As a male ISFJ I can totally relate. My ESFJ ex-girlfriend really taught me this. It took her a long time of being loving back for me to open up to it. My whole life I...
Why am I here? Well, secretly, the ISFJ's are planning to take over the ISTJ forum...I mean! You didn't hear that... Personally I check out this forum to see if I typed my friend right (i'm...
Lost, the unfortunate downside to ISFJ's is that it takes us forever to warm up to things. The best thing for you to do is continue to show love and respect constantly day by day. Eventually she will...
It would take a lot of persuasion and trust for me to let someone else  nurture and take care of me. Like others, it depends on who it is. If  it's someone I barely know, I might resent it and fight...
So, do you still live close to home? Negative. I live one state away from it. I live far north in the above state and my hometown is far south in the other state.   If not, do you miss being home?...
I can safely say that at least 3/4 of the time I am doing something for others in some way, shape or form, even if I don't realize it. It's just how I am wired =)
My very first thought: OUCH!!
Usually what I do with people that are way different is just observe how they act and then act in a similar fashion to them (i.e. if I see someone who loves jokes, I throw in one to make them laugh)....
Usually what I have to do is step away and try to find what inspires me personally. If I can tap into that, and hold that in my mind, I can do almost any work that's thrown at me.
When I was 19, this new employee swore I was 30 years old, had a wife and kids, and a house. o_0'
I really liked Superman for some reason. My INTP brother loved Batman and would often tease me that Batman doesn't need super powers to be awesome!
They are just jealous, honey! ;)
Well said leuma =) Welcome to the forum!
For information- my friend is an ESFJ and i'm ISFJ so it's only one letter off =D
2710627107271082710927110http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/AnimatedArena/misc/pencil.png
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_UnvUsAjCs
My first time I took it I was a 2, and I just retook it and im a 9. After reading into them, 9 seems to be more of my past self (childhood) and 2 is my current behavior. Type 9 totally rings back to...
I'm the most paranoid person I know when I shop, eat out alone, etc. I can't stop thinking about what others are thinking about me, that if I walk down the aisles of a grocery store that people are...
All the below are my opinions.  Are ISFJ less sexually permissive?- Like many said, I would only be sexually open if I am in a committed relationship (for me, marriage). If its against my morals...
I have two INTP's in my life: My brother and a friend of mine. With my brother, he's almost always sarcastic and catches me when I misword something. I usually have to think of what to say before I...
1. Do you sleep with your sheets tucked in or out? I like my bed perfectly made. If it is not, I can't sleep. It's my OCD =D   2. How many pillows do you sleep with? One or Two   3. Do you...
My dad is an INFJ and my mom is an ISFJ.
Dear ISTJ's,  Stop posting so much! The ISFJ's can't keep up with you! I keep glazing over and seeing some thread tagged [ISTJ] on the Overseer category.  Sincererely, ISFJ. <3
When you are too considerate of others feelings to let out your own!
ISFJ raised Christian, was born again in late 2008. I consider myself more of a Christ follower than Christian. Religion has left an icky taste in a lot of people's mouth, but the goodness that Jesus...
I would agree with changing I to an E. It would be really handy to be more social and know how to speak to people in public. I get writers block, but with speaking.
For me, all my relationships have begun with friendships. ISFJ's can take time to warm up to people, and slow to respond to calls of relationships. For example, my last relationship with an ESFJ I...
I had a man crush on my INTP friend...does that count?
I use up all my social extrovertness out at work and with friends. When I come home, I shut down into introvertness and wind down haha.
I usually hate being the leader, especially when quick decisions have to be made that affect people, so I will usually follow, even if its not something I want to do. I'm trying to work on that...
My first job was at a fast food place for two years, then I worked at Target for 4 years. Now i'm currently working at a local thrift store. I left Target for lesser pay because the thrift store has...
I was always thought of as the smartest kid in class during high school. I'm actually pretty oblivious, but I listened and did my homework.
My dad is an INFJ and 2 years ago when I first brought my girlfriend over (ESFJ) he looked at her for a few seconds, then walked upstairs to his room. After she left I went to talk to him. He just...
I'm a softie. In no way can I be a tough guy haha.
Sadly I feel like I am as athletic as Smalls sometimes!
We ISFJ brothers love to get affirmation! I grew up for years not really getting that affirmation, and what happened is that I became a prisoner in my own mind because I felt like I was the only one...
I'm not usually scared perse...just really really nervous for a few months until I get the new routine down!
It's a rougher life than most for ISFJ's, since we naturally put ourselves down in the bottom rung lol. He should definitely come hang out in these forums and get to know some others like himself. It...
Remember, ISFJ's can be deep thinkers too...not of mathematical stuff or whatever, but usually about people and circumstances. Our imaginations can run wild as we anticipate all scenarios, including...
I'm not too sure personally, but my INFJ dad is happily married to my ISFJ mom =)
When I took this quiz in the first place, my INTP friend said to do it in the mindset of when I was a kid. What surprised both of us is that for the I function in ISFJ I scored 89%. Here's what...
What strikes me the most is when someone asks me how I am really doing, and gives me the same attention and love as I would give out to other people.'"


1565: Betrayal on any level. My trust is my most valued trait that I give to others. You betray me, and I will have no time or patience for you. I may forgive, but I never forget.
I have to agree with Teddy. I eat really fast most of the time. And it has nothing to do with my personality. It has everything to do with my profession. If you have ever been to Basic Training for...
I am almost OCD when it comes to planning out my finances. But if I know I have the money, I will spend it on my kids, or splurge every once in a while on something electronic for myself. I still...
I guess you could say that I am a successful ISFJ, since I am a Senior Non-commissioned Officer in the U.S. Army, and in 7 years had been promoted to a level that many Soldiers don't even make in 20....
I have to say that types are a mixed product of genetics AND environment.
Shoplifting. I'm with you Crow, embarrassed.
Today I was informed that I will be assuming a temporary position for a few months this summer as our Battalion Operations Officer In Charge, which is WAAAAAAY above my pay-grade. It's actually a...
I will pray for you and your plight Introvertigo. I do not know how to equate Autism to Mental Retardation, but many of the traits you explained in your son are evident in my daughter. Minus the...
I too, took a lot of grief in school about showing my math work. And this went on all the way into high school calculus and other high level math. I would constantly fight to not have to do the work...
I'll let you guys know when I figure it out again. After being steadily with someone for the better part of the last half of my life, I don't remember. I have a feeling it is going to suck though...
I like them younger, but maturity is important, and shorter.  Oh, and hugs don't matter how they come, hugs are awesome any way I can get them :happy:
I have come to the conclusion that rushing things gets me nowhere except prolonged loneliness. I have to take the time to get used to being alone and deal with that, or I will never be able to be an...
I think it is. I can remember things that effected me or impressed me with such clarity it isn't even remotely funny, and I am constantly replaying things in my head, analyzing the manner in which I...
I have a tendency to do the same thing with my family. However, I have to girls I have to care for, and if helping my family will take something away from my daughters, I will tell them no....
My purpose in life is to minister to people. I was built by God in the way that I am, for that purpose. And once God sees fit to end my military career, that is what I will do. Until then, it is a...
And as far as the fear of ending up alone, I share that fear, but at the same time you cannot allow that to let you get in with the wrong person. I struggle with that fear daily, and at the same...
Agreed. If you are going to break up with an ISFJ, be gentle, but honest. We appreciate honesty, and will want to know the why so that we can possibly become aware of something we need to change. We...
Well, I guess I can honestly say that description is not me. I have ambition AND opinions. I just keep them to myself :P
I can absolutely appreciate that sentiment. I am serious about dating and all that stuff as well. I don't function well in social situations with strangers and I do not like being set up with people...
It gets easier as time goes on, I have my daughters to take care of, and when Mrs. Right comes along all will be well again. But you shouldn't let your friends lives dictate the speed at which you...
Honestly, I worry about that too, and I think that is something that keeps my temper in check with them as well. I do not want to be THAT father.
You shouldn't feel behind in life just because you don't have kids lol. I love my daughters, and wouldnt trade them for the world, even though they drive me crazy at times lol.  Your young, you...
We are the care bears of the personality spectrum :wink:
What you are saying makes sense. But honestly, I think our personality types may be influenced my environmental factors, but there has to be a lot of genetics in there as well. I am not abusive to my...
That's something interesting that I have wondered about. Funny you would bring it up Peach.  My father also got very physical, didn't help that he was a raging alcoholic, but I have to watch my...
Awww see?! When you constructively criticize an ISFJ like that, it makes us feel all warm and fuzzy! Thanks! :laughing:
I know exactly how you feel. I am always running over situations and thinking about how I could have handled it better. What I should have said instead of sputtering stammering, or even remaining...
Trigun, you are absolutely correct. I was waiting to see if anyone else took up this topic before I jumped in. This particular passage has two meanings though, or two applications rather.  1. All...
After two failed marriages (I'm not perfect, but neither were my fault, unless the fact that I was a doormat counts), I have no choice but to approach relationships in an honest and open manner. As...
As a single ISFJ father of two girls, I am strict on some things and completely relaxed about other things. Mainly my primary concern is that they keep their rooms cleaned and at least appear...
And while I am happy-go-lucky most of the time, there are a few personality traits that somehow manage to set me off, and turn my introversion on it's head (probably a developed trait from being in...
I abhor confrontation as well. HOWEVER, I have learned over the course of my life that it is far better to be honest and up front with someone that you are looking to establish a relationship with,...
Haha! I hate people! The one person who knows my whole situation referenced above isn't really interested and didn't have the intestinal fortitude to tell me herself! :crazy:  I don't understand...
I think you would be referred to as an Alto versus Tenor lol.
I generally don't eat breakfast unless I have an obvious appetite. I love Burger King breakfasts though.
Yeah... your right lol. We are an endearing bunch! lol!:laughing:
I prefer free-form writing. Or even creative writing. I don't have any pieces to share right now, because most of my work lately has been research papers for my religion degree, and I don't want to...
I have 7030 items in my iTunes library, and while my primary taste in music (metal) is mostly male, with some female vocalists sprinkled in for good measure (nothing rocks more then a female that can...
We all are a work in progress. Just some people have progressed further then others. No one will ever be finished though.
I am a religious conservative, but actually more libertarian. I have some friends who are UBER liberals, and we just know to not talk politics and religion most of the time, but a spirited debate...
Us ISFJ's may be quiet and kind and loving, but once we form a negative opinion of someone, and it is firmly locked in our heads, yeah, douche bags lol.
When I was married to my first wife and deployed to Kosovo, i spent more money on phone cards to call home then probably the rest of my squad combined. I called home at least five times a week, and...
Lol, makes sense that they would both be not conservative.  But yeah, like I posted elsewhere, I am apprehensive about this whole embarkation process once I am ready to find the right woman, mainly...
And then you have the Pockets in each generation that are more conservative than their peers, which is he category that I fall into. Of course 13 years in the Army has made my views more conservative...
The biggest problem you run into when there is a huge age difference, even ten years different, is the values and life goals differences between the two people. And don't even get me onto politics...
Yeah, that is a little crazy lol. I mean the older you get the less age matters, but 20+ years is a little insane, even if one is 80 and the other is 60, still crazy!
I'm 32. Just turned it in October. I saw in your profile though that you are 21, my oldest daughter is 13... You were 8 when she was born... lol!
Too bad I'm so old lol. Or your so young, however you look at it. I need to find a woman like the ones on this forum.
I can't find a woman who has feelings and likes to express them! Or is a giver. It is likewise refreshing to talk to ANYONE who thinks the way I do about relationships.
I feel your pain Ozziechick. I really do. I am a giver, and I have always ended up being the only giver in my relationships. It sucks to feel like you are being taken advantage of."


1707: 'I was a huge fan of watching it when I was younger, especially the harcore matches. I still watch it occasionally though, although it's not the same as it used to be  :happy:
Such a beautiful piece of music. Thanks for sharing  :)
I loved watching Cold Case it was so different to other crime shows. I love when they were able to reopen the case and we are able to see how things unfold. I always sighed with relief when the cases...
Reflekt: Need To Feel Loved Disturbed: Ten Thousand Fists Linkin Park: My>Dsmbr 2NE1: It Hurts Massive Attack: Unfinished Sympathy XX: Intro Red Hot Chili Peppers: Naked In The Rain Massive...
My favourite drink for me has to be a nice cuppa tea. I love it :happy:
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbwd58RYA51rynvdmo1_500.gif  Hello and welcome:happy:
Nothing wrong with having a couple of drinks. Go out and have fun with your mates and just be yourself, make sure that you're all responsible and get home safely. In my opinion I wouldn't suggest...
Hey welcome aboard, I hope you have fun here. Thanks for serving. Take care:happy:
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbwd58RYA51rynvdmo1_500.gif Hello and welcome Nostalgiac, I hope you have fun here :)
I tend to find myself doing that when especially if I am a social situation (party,dinner), you're more than likely to find me sitting down on the sideline observing people (not in a stalkerish kind...
I'd much rather prefer to see where I'm going/ who's nearby. I'm somewhat ok with being in the dark at home until I hear a noise lol. But else where I can not stand it. Especially walking home in the...
Happy Birthday in advance Mashidar.  My favourite holiday season would have to be Christmas, it's that time of year where all my family home or abroad spend time with each other, which always makes...
I totally understand, I never was able to fit into the loud crowd that loved to party and get wasted, and didn't want to either as I preferred the quieter side of life, just sitting down talking with...
Thankfully, I've been able to either drift away from those or cut them off completely. I've been through the whole Friends that put you down in front of others or in general to attempt to boost...
I can't view mine either, thanks for the links Pastiche and The King Of Dreams lol
My opinion, would be for you to stick it out and finish college rather than leaving the course as you may look back one day and regret making the decision of leaving college. Psychology is such a...
Sent: I'm stopping by the shops on the way home, do you need anything? Received: A Bounty please  Is this my life lol :happy:
Who or what inspires you?
My commute usually takes 30m inutes, depending on how clear the roads are. I'm usually travelling slap bang in the middle of rush hour
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbwd58RYA51rynvdmo1_500.gif Hello & welcome , I hope you have fun here :). I hear you on the social anxiety part as I have it too*sigh*
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mc4f91LOFu1rha06wo1_500.jpg Mine is Ryan Gosling :)
Beauty And The Beast Pocahontas Lion King Aristocats Hercules Toy Story  There's so many to choose from :)
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m0uib7BuPs1rnms8po1_500.gif  Hello & welcome :)
Woop woop, congrats :) I have a loooooooooong way to go :)
Red Hot Chili Peppers Linkin Park P.O.D Michael Jackson Massive Attack India Arie Daft Punk Stevie Wonder U2 The Prodigy
Flying to me seems so liberating, allowing you to travel the world which is a great life experience and whenever you want to get away for a break you can just take off
Hello and welcome aboard. I hope you reach your target of raising the amount of money for a very good cause. I wish you all the best :)
Would you rather give up steak or pizza for the rest of your life? I'd rather give up steak What was your last daydream about? My last day daydream involved me being chased by an alpaca Tell us...
:)
I'm quite new to anime shows, however I finished watching Paranoia Agent and Nabari no Ou not too long ago after stumbling across it randomly which was cool. I'm now getting into Spice and Wolf. I'm...
I would feel rather awkward as someone within my presence already knows or has seen the mistake being made, especially if it's within a larger group of people that I may not know well
Hello and welcome :)
Thanks everyone :)
To each their own.. I myself have never had any cosmetic procedures, I have somewhat grown to accept some of the little quirks that I once despised. It makes me me if that makes any sense
Scorpio Sun, Virgo Ascendent, Pisces Moon :)
Evening all, just saying hello :)
I'm a quiet person, it's my nature. There are times when a topic is brought up and people ask me my opinion I just freeze up and panic sets in as it feels like all eyes are on me, as much as I'd love...
Welcome, I'm new here myself :)
While alone I am mostly in my own little bubble listening to music. Other than that it's time for me to get creative by drawing, painting etc. I also like to reflect by going for a nice walk
Grand Designs Ace Of Cakes The Simpsons Nabari no Ou Takeshi's Castle Columbo Family Guy CSI'"


1730: 'id say no for the lack of avi
kaiten yaki like... some kind of steamed bun/sandwich thing mine was teriyaki burger flavour
.....how can so many people be so stupid?
i live near nara, and the park there has loads of sacred deer, and you can buy special deer crackers everywhere to feed them the deer get kinda scary when you buy them though >.<
yea, i was allowed now and then, but mostly i was told no i had to ask to use the computer too, and tell them what i wanted to do on the computer  i dont think people need to go as far as only...
interesting what you say about commitment, because i wonder about that myself i dont tend to think about the future at all, and will keep most things open because i dont know what will happen...
omg, yea, those pain me i was at someones house, and their little kid insisted on watching this video of unboxing thomas the tank engine models and i was just like noooo, the value of those...
if hes anything like me, he probably doesnt know what he wants >.< i need others to tell me what they want, and i'll go with that  like, in old relationships i needed the other person to break up...
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DIGyqVtVYAAExMs.jpg
i reuse the clip usually sometimes twist and tuck for other things that dont come with clips though
and the british guy is called lelouch >.<
depends on the situation  often i just want to hide it, and be left alone to deal by myself, but somewhere i know that i just want to be accepted, ie. i didnt do anything wrong, its ok to act...
https://static.postize.com/images/QtkPnRVcyuoU_2195.jpg
Haha, the problem with them talking about traditional is that they really mean traditional for you, your family, or friends, etc I found that i dressed to fit in with my friends, and dyed my hair...
well, not all isfj's are the same, of course  have you considered any other types though?
i dunno why, but.... i found this funny back in the day...   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwrPuCnNbv8
when you cant watch movies that have a reputation for being sad because they break your heart  my husband says he likes sad movies, and that crying makes people feel better, but... it just hurts me...
omg, that cat gif >.<  i do that with my cat all the time, but hes terrified of everyone (including my husband), except for me <3
im sorry, i cant offer any help ive never experienced anything like that so im not qualified to offer advice  however, while she may be isfj (im not sure, but i'll trust you on that), i dont think...
haha, i feel like im more similar to her then >.<  if you didnt eat them, id keep reminding you that there are cookies if you ate one, and said it was good, id probably be satisfied, but might...
used to love that game =) and that setup is amazing  that picture kinda irritates me though - you cant see the paths and check that everythings ok >.<
Id pout, lol  Hmph, it's not good enough? Etc Probably in a joking way, but I'd be believing that it's true
lol, i dont think that was the worst part =P
haha, true, every person that turns up might make me mini-panic that they arent allowed >.<
when i did ~~~ last time is a valid reason to do the same again
that sounds great! i wish i could have a job where i dont really do much i cant stand fast paced jobs  im always hoping for people to cancel so i can have some free time >.< everyone else tells...'"


1777: 'Getting taken for granted because you are the humble servant of your friendship circle.
Interesting. I was almost even on the S/N scale and the J/P scales in this test..  Usually I score as a fairly conclusive ISFJ.
This is so true for me too.
I've got quite a few of my friends to take the test whilst being there with them. It was SO SO interesting watching each of them answer the questions, as each answered in a different way. Here are a...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6Xo21L0ybE
I'm interested in my fellow ISFJ's experiences with MBTI:  1. Have you ever got your friends/members of your family to take the test? 2. Do you talk about MBTI to many people? Are there certain...
Sometimes I wish my 'F' was a 'T'.  - I dislike being so sensitive and over-analysing everything all the time - I find it hard to make guy friends and never get anywhere with girls/relationships...
This. So much.
I do wonder this as well, though in fact I think this may just be our negative Si kicking in - making us think that people don't want to spend time with us, when actually they do. For example, last...
Yes, I think in some ways we are too self-sacrificing.  I think lots of my friends find it slightly odd spending time with me one-on-one: I will rarely contribute my opinion to the conversation/get...
My main interests are:  - Tennis - Play twice a week at my local club. - Psychology/Philosophy - Can literally spend hours mulling over our existence, and sometimes I have 'epiphany' moments,...
I'm like this too with initiation - I will usually wait for others to initiate because I worry about rejection if I suggest something/take the lead. Also we ISFJ's tend to be quite cautious and...
(Though I got all anxious from reading the title....)  ...this thread is oddly challenging.
Swimming pool!   Spring or Autumn?
Chocolate.  Sunrise or sunset?
Introverted (I) 60% Extroverted (E) 40%                         Sensing (S) 75.76% Intuitive (N) 24.24%                         Feeling (F) 61.29% Thinking (T) 38.71%                        ...
My friends are kinda amazed when they find out too. I definitely am though.
Me on my 21st Birthday, looking rather happy with a bottle of Jaegermeister in my hand...needless to say it was a pretty crazy night;D.  24639
1. Have you ever been in the emergency room?  Yes, once, though it was a long time ago and can't really remember it- (though this lack of memory may be better attributed to the fact that I had split...
Tough choice..like them both...but... GARLIC! Nom Nom Nom.  Living in a city or Living in a village?
8. Anything out of the ordinary someone says/does to me I will analyse to the extreme...  If a friend doesn't reply texts/stay in contact for over a week I will over-analyse and (usually wrongly)...
1. Do you sleep with your door open or closed? Always closed.   2. Do you collect coupons? Yes, though by the time I remember I have them, they tend to have expired!   3. Do you always smile...
Very interesting question.  I personally seem to be attracted to other ISFJ's...haha. I've only had one girlfriend, we took the test together and both came out as ISFJ's. We were deeply in love...
5 years ago, DEFINITELY Rock...now Pop!  iPhone or Blackberry?
Vigilant: 86% Solitary: 57% Idiosyncratic: 50% Adventurous: 32% Mercurial: 25% Dramatic: 38% Self-confident: 32% Sensitive: 50% Devoted: 50% Conscientious: 67%
My best friend is an INFJ :) I really admire your type...  Welcome to the forum!
Definitely more pessimistic. I think (well in my case anyway), I tend to dwell on the past too much and let it influence my decisions. Eg. If some people I don't know very well invite me to the...
1. I didn't realise that most cars these days have automatic running lamps. Thanks for enlightening me:)  2. I'm not saying everyone hasn't cheated/lied. I'm saying I don't like people cheating in...
I live in Oxford, UK dude.  I'm into all things D&B, Dubstep, House etc.  Check out DJ Fresh - Louder (Hardwell Remix), didn't think the original could get any better, but absolutely loving the...
One small one just under my chin - (hidden by my stubble/beard though so all is good!)
Liquid D&B! The YouTube channel Liquicity is awesome.  Something about Liquid just makes me feel energised, refreshed and happy! Eg. Feint - Clockwork Hearts
Mendi that's literally exactly how I feel. I find it awkward speaking up in group situations as I worry that someone else will start speaking at exactly the same time, which usually makes things very...
When:  - You worry excessively that you take life too seriously, then laugh at a fart. - When you realise, like the above, that your life is actually full of these contradictions. Then you...
ESFJ?  My one ESFJ friend complains LITERALLY all the time, it's got to the point where I now have to feign interest in 90% of her complaints.. I don't want to, but also don't want to confront her...
Here are some of mine, in no particular order:  - When driving in daylight, someone comes up behind you with their lights on. ITS DAYLIGHT goddammit!  - Cheating, in any way, shape or form....
Recently I've been thinking about the types I do/don't get along well with, and this brought me onto the question of my best friends personality type(s).  My best friend is an INFJ girl. We just...
When you think about the past way too much for your own good.  When you can be talking to someone confidently and freely one-on-one, but when another/others join the conversation, you go all timid...
When:  You read an article, think of something you want to post, start writing it, and after a few sentences end up deleting the whole thing because you think people will think you're stupid.  ...
Yes, this is so true. :/
Older for me, as well. I'm 21 but people often think I'm mature beyond my age and in my mid-Twenties. Paradoxically, I will then randomly jump out at my sister to scare her/laugh hysterically at a...
Lol, seriously though, both those two resonate with me.  I think maybe the word Spontaneity (or lack of it) is keeping me from being happy. Mainly the ability to take more chances. I rarely take...
What stands between You and Happiness?  - The word And.
That is one of the wisest things I've heard in a while, especially relevant I think for an ISFJ :)
In terms of personalities; I think my Mum is an ESFJ and my Dad an INTJ.  I think me and Mum have a lot in common, for example our caring nature and warmth. Aparently I am a spitting image of my...
What is your type then? Btw I understand completely about people finding you 'creepy' suddenly, trying to 'type' them and all!
Air Traffic - Shooting Star.  Beautiful lyrics, beautiful piano riff, beautiful guitars. Not sure many people from outside the UK will have heard it, but it's one of those songs which just...
Seems like we have a lot in common, Mr Teddy! Funnily enough, for me, I don't know whether I really enjoy all this memory rumination, it just happens. Sure, there are some experiences that when I...
Rapunzel, that comment will get you a lot of ISFJ friends :P   I've always felt that ESTP's and ISFJ's complement each other well. I have a lot of time for ESTP's! *Heads off to your board to have...
Sounds like you've had more or less a positive transition, then? I'd say when I was little/younger I was: Protected Outoing/Outspoken Had a wide range of interests Naive  Now, after...
Maybe the title of this thread should have been ISFJ people-orientated idiosyncratic memories instead. Thinking about it, I agree that some other aspects of my memory are actually terrible!  By...'"


1816: I like eggs.
I'm sure there is at least primitive life forms in very distant planets, and maybe even closer ones that we cannot reach yet to investigate its soil. Only time will tell.   Also, just because Earth...
https://scontent-ort2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/19989574_140799209833030_7219927821504313113_n.jpg?oh=2387e1524357153f29555fb20b468e98&oe=59CE8C16
Nvm I went to edit folders and emptied them. Sorry!
I can't figure it out. I click the select all button but cannot find a delete button. It's probably right in front of me.
I've been very inactive. Not sure if you'll even remember me but we used to PM a bit. I miss some of the people here. Might come more often.
qft
Don't care. Stop liking men who are easily influenced by the pussy.
Some are. As with all things even people of the same MBTI types can be very different
Probably  ;D
someone got it
She wants to try and fix her marriage. Besides we're not as similar as I once thought. I was just seeing through rose colored glasses, I suppose. I was attracted to her and I just found the small...
.
Well, I know her husband... Hence the guilt. We're not friends but I know him and have been to their house. Ate with them... I think that's where all the guilt was coming from. Like I was stabbing...
It's over with her. You think something is no strings attached but even so I still feel like I should have avoided it altogether because now I realize I was falling for her.
She does have a child. She wants a divorce. At this point I'm really confused and idk what I want from this. She's been with him since she was very young and is now mid 30s, so it's been a while....
I met this woman and we slowly became friends because we had a lot of the same interests and passtimes. Slowly we got a bit flirty and it has led to us spending time alone in my apartment and we...
Uh......... If you say so. 1/3 is good enough
Your first link clearly states that Office Based Intravenous Anesthesia with Local Anesthetic is:     So, K and an opiate/benzo, not K and Nitrous, both of which are NMDA receptor antagonists and...
Don't ask for advice and then get bothered when you get advice you don't like.
Whoever said nitrous oxide can wear off mid-surgery is wrong. With a steady supply you will pretty much remain under. Also, I have never seen any dentist ever use ketamine to anesthetize people. You...
Be an adult and stay on top of things? Health insurance doesn't just expire randomly. You pretty much know the date soon after signing up for it.
suk a chode kuurrlll
The CIA is after us. RUN! :shocked:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brkE-Cqgx-8
huhh?
I'd say it doesn't affect it either negatively or positively. By the time I go to work every day I am back to base line. But I still feel bad because of it.
I have begun my training today as a shift leader, which is a step below assistant manager, which is a step below manager. But why me? I still struggle with my drug dependency issues, and I'm...
http://lolworthy.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/make-america-grate-again-400x209.jpg
But then if the horse is there why can it then be not also?
:angry:
How is babby formed How gurl git pragnint
Try kissing him in other places during a makeout session. Neck, shoulders, chest, stomach, just slowly work your way down his body, see how he reacts. Try getting close to his penis, see how he...
Wow, bruh, uz so edgy
Hey guys after all this time I finally did it :3    I got a toaster!
And is this supposed to prevent future rapes or something? Pretty sure the last thing a rapist wants is a rape baby, and now you just gave him a golden ticket.
1. 24  2. Springfield, MA, USA  3. Cook  4. Single, living with family.  5. Watching Netflix.
desu deuces
This has to stop, I demand action.
I love the smell of my balls. They smell like balls.
And so will you.
I have to work in a half hour :crying: Please kill me.
I'm for the cakewalk.
They're all lying. It's the perc gods who giveth and the perc gods who taketh away (custom user titles).
Who's yer daddy?
Can you scan my arteries, plox?
.
Stop hitting the bong, man
I'm almost at the 8kkk and I'm here to stay
I'm somewhere on there."


1874: 'My whole life I've worked really hard to not screw up and be successful yet I still find myself unhappy and lonely. Funny how it doesn't really matter how hard you try. I suppose we have a higher...
What if part of the fun is getting caught?  Cat and mouse isn't fun unless the cat at least gets to swipe occasionally.  I'm almost tempted to created my own scrabbletray dupe.  We could have a site...
Small takeaways:  Just getting out of a two year relationship is a cop out.   He needs to choose whether he wants a relationship or only a FWB, and realize that FWB can get trumped and ended by...
He is risen...Happy Easter, everyone!
1) It was cheap (big scholarship offers) 2) It had my major (and was a very good program) 3) See #1
I think most people are complex.  We all of varying life experiences beyond just our personality.  Dealt with different problems.  It's just tough to see that deep unless you are really close to...
Hahaha...given this post, I think you're gonna be just fine.   Sense of humor always goes a long way too.
Be kind and be yourself.   We're still males, not aliens.  Do your typical feminine seductive stuff (personally, I like when girls ask me out, but that's probably not true for all ISFJ males). ...
Yeah, you have to watch completely relying on the stereotypical descriptions.  I'm certain that I'm ISFJ, but also not all that traditional.  The schedule thing is true and I also don't...
Lol!  I want to play that version!
No clue.  I have lots of people who think I'm an extrovert though.  Usually in MBTI tests my I vs E scores are close to balanced, but they always end up I, which I am certain is accurate.
Hey, we need to talk...in private. Usually works pretty well.  Especially if you sounds slightly angry. Typically we're a little self conscious and don't like when people we care about are upset...
Yup, sounds like he's overdue for a Hey! What the hell!?  I wouldn't be shy about it.  Straight up call him out--sounds like he deserves it if you two were that close before.  Might be that he...
Dating sites are kinda lousy. If you don't like clubs, hit up a coffee shop.
I can relate.  Though I think it's more discomfort and a sense of is this really worth the effort than actual fear.  Maybe fear if it's someone I really care about and I'm really nervous they might...
Not even remotely close.  Seriously a hand is better :dry:
:Smilies3: All the girls in the room gonna be like :jupiter:
Who says they don't help?  If you're with a steady partner, you learn what they like and you put at least some focus on that.  It's completely possible to have sex and only the guy or only the girl...
:eek-new::eek-new::eek-new: Is vagina envy a thing?  Cause that sounds kinda fun to try just once :drooling:  Now back to drinking beer and growing chest hair to forget I admitted that...
I'm not an INFP, but I'll answer just to help get your thread started.  Successful:  There's a lot that goes into this, but I think the first step is getting your own life together a bit.  Finding...
I'm sure they want the best for you and don't want you to miss out due to fear. We all have a short time on this earth--taking some risk is worth the reward.  And remember that the people who care...
There has to be some behavior differences based on gender, but I doubt ISFJ males and females really think very differently. As for emotions, I keep them to myself since I doubt anyone cares to know...
It's really sad to me that so many say that religious has negative connotations.  I suppose that's probably the result of fundamentalists terrorizing people and hypocrites in search of power...
Nothing wrong with self-guided study, but my beliefs definitely drive me to try to deal with other people.  We all have shortcomings and we all need help, right?  It's their problem if they react...
Ok. So I guess that means that religious people are spiritual but not all spiritual people are religious? Practicing faith outwardly means you do it inwardly by default but some people only practice...
I've heard more and more people say this, but I don't really understand it. I always thought spiritual and religious were synonyms. Don't they mean the same thing?
How is it sin to be tricked? Sounds more like you were victim to a dishonest guy.
I only tease the people I'm most comfortable with and like.  I wouldn't guarantee it's flirting, but I generally find that the same qualities I value in friendship, I also value in a relationship. ...
I really like it when a girl actually walks up to me, tells me I'm cute, and asks me out.  It shows courage and self-confidence and is really sexy (and it's only even happened once, so I certainly...
For me it's a bit of a catch-22. I want to go out to clubs and meet girls. But as an introvert, going and doing that kind of thing by myself is exhausting. Probably the public place I'm easiest to...
I know how you feel. Hope you find peace sooner than me.
It's definitely a good thing not to blindly believe anything someone tells you.  You have to explore things for yourself.  But I'm sorry to hear that pulled you away completely--sounds like perhaps...
Hmm...my only suggestion is to try to work on the skill of empathy outside of these difficult situations.  Ask to understand how someone feels when all that emotion (such as anger) isn't directed at...
I would probably be at work with the rest of the poor schmucks who didn't get the day off.
I've got a very technical job, and it works perfect for me.  I know ISFJ's often love serving people (and I certainly do), but I tend to get a little too emotionally attached.  It's a relief for me...
Like to cook (especially for people).  Dislike doing dishes.
Done...but you have to come back and post your results!
If you really like this guy, why don't you ask if you can come visit him  for a week?  It would give you a chance to explore your feelings for  each other, and might make for a very fun vacation (and...
I love being approached by pretty much anyone.  If I need space, I'm usually not in a very publicly approachable  location.
What if everybody made a genuine effort to keep in touch with everyone who has been a significant part of their lives.
I don't have any experience with anything you described, but I would think what you're dealing with transcends type.  Mothers will do anything to protect their children, and they can't deal with...
The most fun way to find out is try out all 5.  Even though everyone has a primary, that doesn't mean we can't appreciate all 5.  Mine is physical touch, but I sometimes wonder if that has been more...
I'm not really sure that I have an ideal.  I'm most attracted to girls after I get to know them a little.  Somehow a sweet heart and happy/friendly demeanor dramatically improves their...
Be happy you had such a wonderful experience and don't worry so much. Either your relationship will survive or it won't but there isn't much point in worrying about it.  Control what you can control...
I would recommend you stay away from the South, Texas, Midwest, and rural areas.  Your best bet might be a city on the east or west coast if you're looking at the U.S.
Does it matter whether he's very interested or not?  I think the more important question is whether you're very interested in him.  If you are, ask him out.  If not, go about your business as normal,...
Sorry to hear you feel this way--I have a similar situation, and I don't have a significant other in my life.  My only suggestions are to make sure that you are adequately reaching out to people...
I have many similar personality traits.  You can label them as you wish, but I definitely consider them feminine.  My whole life, I've had more trouble relating to guys and making close friendships...
It's pretty much assumed that the first couple of dates are always casual.  After that just talk to the person you are dating, and let them know what you're thinking and feeling.  If they think...
I think a lot of this comes out of a lack of commitment in general.  Ideally, when you make an exclusive commitment to someone, you are agreeing not date other people.  That means you don't go...'"


2009: 'This would have been traumatic and enraging had I not made a diligent effort to maintain my composure. I quit halfway through because I just couldnt take it anymore. Thus, it is the perfect mascot...
Is this how they're explaining the gang rapes now...?  I'd like to see some quotes from or direct links to the material. Cite plz.
Reporting in :)  Don't have any of my stuff scanned though...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqiYJCX_lWg
< 3333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333 n____________________________________________________________________________n
The existence of MPD is debated, and the existence of alcohol induced blackouts is definitely not.  Alcohol abuse tends to do that to a person... Sounds like it's time to cut back (easier said than...
~_______________________________^
Men don't do this....?  I'm pretty sure I do this.
Beyond Intractability has some neat info
IPads have some wild stuff for teaching/speech therapy/spec ed. etc. I say keep it in good condition and sell it if you decide later you dislike it. You will still be able to use MS office docs from...
I would also like to mention that the face eating incident in Florida was not influenced by drugs. There were no bath salts or significant amounts of drugs (maybe a bit of pot) found on the...
You gave someone who does not have a significant tolerance to cannabis approximately a gram in under 30 minutes? Sativa no less? No wonder he lost his shit. (Sativa -- extremely 'mental' strains that...
Translate books perhaps? You don't have to work with people, you're good with words and information, and you can work on your own schedule.
Get the fuck out. Go somewhere safe. Go stay with family, go stay with friends you trust... just get out.
+1 for Bob Ross
Explain your needs to her!   By telling you she thinks you are beautiful, perfect, etc. she seems to be trying to help you suffer less by showing her support. In reality, these comments are not...
Spades is toooootaaallllllyyy amazing and I love her ^________________________________________________^
A collision indeed,  So I ask we proceed,  Cause the rhyme must be freed, Like a plant from a seed,  If you do it, take heed, Don't spit barbs till ya bleed, Or talk about objects,  For which...
Walk a mile in my shoes,  While speaking haikus, And if you so choose, Drink all of my booze, And while you peruse, That mile in my shoes, I left you some clues, The path not to loose.
A Haiku about getting out of bed: No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No No
You get out what you put in :)
We have a diversity of skills, it's good ;)
Spades is an amazing friend, partner, and mafia mod :) ;)
I'm pretty curious about the circumstances surrounding this... No judgement, I don't care either way. These are my questions:  You seem to either:  a) not have friends who have their own...
They locked up or something? But yeah, friend or PO box.
I'll be stuck (stuck implies not enjoying it immensely ;)) with @Spades, and whoever else would like to come along. I don't know many/any of you :P :D whooooooooooooooooooo!
This is the best thread on PerC hands down.   All the times I've spent on ketamine staring into a fire and controlling it with my mind...
I am confused as to what you mean by dating. Judging by the thread it could be interpreted as anything from spending time with someone you would consider a potential partner to a one night stand......
A romantic relationship is a partnership. If one of the people is in a very different place than the other this can unbalance the relationship and cause suffering for both parties. It sounds like you...
Just talk to the guy about your concerns.
This is Brad's account of an acid trip. Its quite beautiful really.   I also feel it to be an accurate representation of some of the many subjectively positive effects of LSD.   brad does acid....
Your brain and body are beyond confused right now. You are adjusting to not taking Prozac. A long and painful process indeed...  SSRI withdrawal ranks among the Top 10 Worst Experiences of My Life....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyiC3x6-Kzk
Have you talked to him about this in detail?
Mmmm.... I'm sure more could be arranged ;)
Learn all you can. Thousands of years worth of thought have been put into the nature of God (whatever the name may be) and the Human Experience. The holy books of world religions might be a good...
@Spades   I was serious when I said we should use the USB cabes next time ^______~
I'm drunk posting!!!!1!!!11111!1 Anyway, we're super awesome. Let's have sex up against the speakers ~___^  Unrealted rant: FUUUUUCK SMALL TALK BUDDY BUDDY BULLLLLSHIIIIT. I GOT NO TIME FOR THAT.
^_____~  You don't say...
You are not your ego. Free will is one of the cornerstone concept Buddhism is based on :) How can any of us have free will if we are slaves to our desires, fears, aversions and delusions?
Fxck yeah.
Je ne parle pas francais.
I vote for Type Awesome!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boOC6eQa8J0
I've always found that looking totally past gender is a huge help to make friends. It sounds to me like you have an internal idea of what a guy is, and how you as a girl relate to them. Have a...
Oh capitalism.
Read Life of Pi.
Sounds like you've come into close touch with your own mortality. There are two things you can count on in life: the first is that you will definitely die, and the second is that you will have no...
> Have compassion for him, but also have compassion for yourself. What would benefit both of you? Stop talking down to yourself (all are created equal), and stop thinking that your friend is the one...
What prey tell is a pure hallucination?   The seratonin (5HT) system is the one acted upon by most classical psychedelics. The  5-h1n1 system does not exist. And you cant oversode from smoking...'"


2131: 'Alright I've been reading a bit more about Enneagram and posted the enneatype questionnaire on the Enneagram forums and-- I was just typed as 6w7 by two people XDD Talk about mistyping... But I was...
I'd love for you to type me too, as I'm far from being sure of my type. Going to fill the form :DD
I'm an ISFJ and I can act like a total jerk sometimes. We're not saints :D I don't think I know any ESTPs personally, but MBTI isn't about what you do - but more about how you function. Everyone's...
Hmmm. How would you define being imaginative? :D I definitely wouldn't describe myself as spontaneous, and idk about fun, but my imagination is my favourite thing about myself XD I write fiction and...
Yeah, that's true. But I didn't mean random as weird-- Ne just seems so scattered and unpredictable to me :DD  And Si is not boring at all to me XD I might spend a lot of time in my imagination...
Thanks for all the replies!   Yes, I'd love that-- I love looking at old pictures and talking about remember when... :DD And old letters! I read letters from my exes with love which might sound...
*waves awkwardly from the corner* Hi! :DD  I'm really interested in how you ENTPs... work XD since we use the same functions but in the opposite order - you're Ne-Ti-Fe-Si and ISFJs are...
When writing I usually start with an idea. The idea can be anything, a mood, a plot, just a random scene without any idea of the plot. I think more and imagine more. Then brainstorm by writing-- lots...
I do this a lot too... and recently started worrying about that others might see it as making it about me XD  But I'm not! It's just easier for me to understand their worries by thinking about...
And this is how the chat is going XDD <3 Join us! :D
I don't like being controlled but I guess I wouldn't think of your examples as controlling. Social power sounds odd to me. I'd probably just think if someone requests something to do with their...
I'm an ISFJ (certainty level: 7) a student and a writer, wanting to become a novelist. :D
Alright, going down the I have no idea what I'm talking about but let's do it anyway road again :D Really, talking with you is incredibly interesting but still most of the time I can't wrap my mind...
Alright. I find the conversation going on really interesting :D   Thing is, I haven't come across an INFJ or an INFP description that feels completely like me either. What sounds the most like me...
ISFJ? I don't find it unflattering :DD Sure, if there's someone who's just gotten interested on MBTI and reads just the type descriptions without knowing much about the cognitive functions, I guess...
Class clown, loner and a nerd/geek/brainer :D Class clown in junior high. At times. Definitely a loner the first year in high school before I dropped out due to mental health probelms.  Right now...
You can always visit your family <3 Try to be excited rather than nervous! Like others have said, as long as you don't spend more than you earn you'll be alright.  And if at first you feel like you...
ruger141 I love your photo *___* The sky is really beautiful.  http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7089/7260901430_0e04d1f807_c.jpg  http://img402.imageshack.us/img402/9674/xmas6i.jpg ...
I just browsed through all of the topic and you are all adorable! *___* <3 And I see a lot of goofy faces and am loving that 8DD  Picspam of me-- ...
Thank you for the replies!  Hmm. I don't want to make this thread too much about me because as much as I want to figure myself out, I'm genuinely interested about other ISFJs and INFJs.  But I...
You sound like an amazing friend! <3  Personally I'd adore all the gifts you have given her, and the scrapbook idea is brilliant. I'm still new to MBTI so don't believe what I'm saying unless...
I like Cake and Doctor Who and Ants  And this is where I decided that I like you :DD Welcome from another newbie!
Hello! How do you guys see ISFJs? I'm not completely sure which one I am - although I'm identifying as ISFJ right now :D  I know Ni and Si are different but maybe you could give me some real-life...
What's your Enneagram type?  I have the impression that 6 is the most common Enneagram type among ISFJs and I'm a 4-- 4w3 which sort of makes me feel like I might be too dramatic to be ISFJ. So...
Touching people's hearts. Changing people for the better (not by controlling them but by gently poking them into another direction). Maybe rather, changing people's lives for the better.  Being an...
I'm an ISFJ who may as well have been born in a math department library,  so intellectual pursuits have always been the focus of my life -- and  I've actually had a number of people who know me,...
I love photography *___*  A mother looking at her daughter walking towards something ominious, unable to stop her. The world is frozen in place. The little girl is running towards something the...
I'm not sure if I'm ISFJ or not, but I definitely need to do things at my own pace. I admit that I sometimes need a little butt-kicking to get things done, and that's alright, but in general I'm...
Thank you!  rakuten here's the topic on ISFJ writers. And yeah, I'm wondering about the N/S too - though I think I relate to Si more than Ni. In fact I'm not sure if I even understand Ni and Ne...
Hello! I'm not sure at all if I'm ISFJ or not but I think I really might be. I'm pondering in between ISFJ and INFJ and maybe something with Fi rather than Fe. But ISFJ is what I'm leaning towards...
Pffft, I fixed arkigos but you managed to quote me before that XDD   Lol, yeah :D   Yes, true. *newbie* There's a lot to learn :D   Believe me, you didn't make this any more confusing than...
arkigos I am officially confused XDD Alright, I should read more about ISFJ now. Is it Si-Fe-Ti-Ne?   What do you mean by that? Did I ever wonder where it'd lead...?
Thanks arkigos and Acerbusvenator :D  arkigos  INFJ? Really? :D And here I just thought that no, I'm not INFJ after all XDD   Hmm. So inferior Ne would make me Si dom? I want to consider that...
At least to myself I am, that's why I'm posting here again :D No one answered to my first request so now I'm trying again with the Questionnaire 2.0 :D I think I answered a bit-- better this time....
Hi! I'm new to the forums and sort of new to the MBTI types too. After a long and interesting (and fun!) discussion with my friend Tove I think that my MBTI type might be either INFJ or INFP. But I'd...
Hello all! I'm a 21-year-old girl from Finland and I'm not sure about my MBTI type yet, I'm a newbie to this but really interested :D I might be INFP. My friend Tove introduced this place to me so...'"


2133: We met on the beach in person, we've also skyped while he was working in uniform so he's definitely not lying lol. Thank you for your concern!
Hi all! Kinda have been thinking for awhile and I just wanted some other ISFJ input for advice. I met an AMAZING guy and it turns out he's in the U.S. air force. I don't know much about all of that...
Homophobia to be eliminated and people's sexualities to be accepted
1. What's your age/age range? I'm almost 19!  2. Where are you located? (City, State, Country, Region) Massachusetts  3. What's your current occupation/job/career? Working at Victoria's Secret...
Planning on working in sonography! (ultrasound)
I only get super physical quickly with people I know won't work out (stupid really, I dont do it anymore), and take it slow with people I actually see a future with, so take it as a compliment I...
Odd question but... From my specific partners, it's definitely INFP lol
greatheights  I actually had originally guessed his personality type as ENFJ because he seemed so in touch with his emotions and those of others. Thank you for your advice, I'll keep in mind some...
So, I notice a lot of hate on the ENTJs in the relationship aspect for ISFJs. I just started dating an ENTJ, and I feel like it's going really well and we understand parts of each other that not a...
Emprize  We were easy communicators at first, but after a few dates and meeting his friends I realized that he's not compatible with me the way I would prefer. I slowly disappeared but I'm trying...
I found this ironic because I came onto this thread right after just being on Tinder lol. I use it but it's not really serious. For me, the guys on Tinder aren't exactly... my type lol, so it's more...
Are ISFJ less sexually permissive?  I'm very open to explore new things with my partner, but I obviously wouldn't do things I'm uncomfortable with. If it feels good, it feels good, so I'm up for...
Huge mega nerd in National Honors Society and was in AP classes. Very perfectionistic and would stress myself out. But now I can see there was no reason to be so obsessed with good grades when I was...
This entire post is what I signed up for. Screw ISFJ stereotypes
Dear INTJ,  Even though we're stereotypically (in the MBTI world) supposed to hate each other, you are the most wonderful and amazing person in my life and I could never ask for a better best...
Everything. Literally everything pisses me off lol. I'm like the freaking Hulk or something. (Am I becoming more of an ISTJ? Lol)
My last boyfriend was ENTJ. I loved him to no end, but a situation came up and we couldn't continue seeing each other as much as we wanted to. I honestly didn't understand how we ended up as a couple...
Ahhh I love INFJs! One of my best friends is one and my first boyfriend was as well. I find it really easy to get along with INFJs, because we seem to agree on a lot of things socially and morally....
1. Personally, I don't like the stereotype that comes with the ISFJ name. That we're all fluffy, quiet, cute little babies who wouldn't harm a fly and all that other flowery crap. (This may apply to...
I've only been in a long-term relationship with an INFJ and an ENTJ, but I really admire ISTJs and would want to date one if I had the chance!
My main goal is not to cry over how much debt I'll be in when I start college in the fall :unsure:  But other than that, I'm going to try to practice playing the guitar so that I play better!
I had a very similar experience a while back, but I actually did date them for a short time. From an ISFJ perspective, there's something obviously holding her back. No offense but there must be...
Ditto..... This is so me it hurts
I'm pretty sure if my family were to write one characteristic down about me, they'd put one word.  Stubborn.
I don't know.. I don't really see that as stereotypical ISFJ behavior, but one ISFJ isn't like another. I think that if you already have to go on a website and ask a bunch of strangers what they...
I live and breathe rock music. Most of its subgenres too.  Some of my favorite bands in no particular order: Red All Time Low Of Mice & Men Chevelle Blink 182 Goo Goo Dolls Green Day Seether
How do I deal with heavy emotion? Well to put it simply..  I don't.
Lol yes I have. It's difficult to keep to yourself and go your own pace when your family member is crazy about it and every conversation you have with them incorporates religion. I even tried to...
I'm also planning on being a pharmacist! Everything about the career seems made for me
Right now I'm currently living with my mom who is an extremely religious Mormon, so to keep peace within the house I pretend to be one until I move out in a couple months. I personally don't like...
Passive aggressiveness. I tend to be hurt by others, letting anger build until the last straw, then it's lots of yelling and crying
I'm a little in between about it. I'm all for equal rights between everyone, because we all deserve that. But some of the feminists (mostly the radical ones) take it to the next level and it's...
I like it! I mean, I consider myself pretty weird in the ISFJ family since I'm not as flowery like the majority seems to be. But I think it fits many ISFJs! I like the other MBTI squares too :) ...
I'm underage so I've only drank twice and I was in my house so it wasn't anything crazy. I just was curious to see what it was like. I don't think I'll be a big drinker when I grow up but more of a...
Gender: Female Hair Color: Brunette Hair Style: Long, usually loose curls or straight Eye Shape: Almond shaped and big? Eye Color: Blue/grey Glasses: Only at night when I drive Personal...
I'm probably too nice and too mean all at once. I'm nice to those who are sensitive and blunt with those who aren't. I never really worry about being nice or not because I don't care lol
I actually did this to someone in the past. It almost is the exact situation really, but I was not in a good place in my life, so instead of trying to resolve it (like your boyfriend seems to be...
I'm a bit on the same boat as you right now. A relationship of mine ended back in May and it's still making me lose my mind, because I so desperately want to get over him, but I always end up...
Right now I really enjoy Chemistry, art, and psychology. Pretty cool subjects in my opinion haha
Personally, I'm an honors student, in AP classes throughout high school and just got accepted to the honors college of the college I'll be attending next year. I think it's incredibly stupid to group...
I'm joining the party late but I get really passionate about subjects like these, so I just had to respond haha.  I'm still a teenager (17 years old), so some may argue what I experience is...
Hello lovely fellow ISFJs! I apologize if a thread similar to this has already been made, and I'm sure it has, but I'm curious to know your opinions and thoughts on this subject. As many of you...
I feel kind of like the Hulk. I'm literally always angry, whether I'm aware of it or not. I hold in pent up anger all the time over almost everything, and once my body and mind can't hold it anymore...
I define someone as clingy when they get TOO attached in a very annoying way. Someone who wants to know what I'm doing all the time and where I'm going and who Im hanging out with. Also someone who...
Sorry this might be a bit long but I truly am curious and feel a little bad!! If you don't feel like reading though, just let me know your thoughts about your loyalty and if your limits can be...
Weight and personality type are extremely unlikely to be related. One ISTJ I know is overweight, but I know another who is anorexic, and 3 who are completely normal. I don't think overweightness and...
Personally I complain so frequently because I'm overwhelmed and it helps just bitching about it. Or, I'm trying to fill in awkward gaps in conversations and I complain about things I know the other...
I'm curious if any other ISFJs can relate to this. I generally assume things about... well everything. I assume my friends don't have a problem if they look and act normal, or until they come to me...
I'm not sure if I can really relate to this to be honest. I listen to the advice I'm given. In the situation, if my back was acting weird I'd listen to the person giving me information (whoever it is...
Oh my gosh that's fantastic hahah I absolutely love Fall Out Boy and My Chemical Romance too, music is so important to me. I recently saw FOB in concert, never got to see MCR though D: We seem like..."


2146: 'I'm an ISFJ and I enjoy country music and I tend to enjoy really sentimental songs. (my favorite song is Landslide) I'm willing to listen to most things popular, but I only really connect to certain...
1. You should.  2. Right.  3. That makes no sense.  Sometimes people need assurance. It isn't coddling to try to help someone; we all need it from time to time.
Your bloated sense of self-importance is embarrassing. I don't know if you think you're being blunt or showing tough love, but you just come off as a prideful asshole.   To actually respond...
I don't think you can accurately assess them from their reactions to these sorts of things, despite the fact that most of them are in multiple videos. Ballpark guesses, maybe.
Hey there! This isn't a stupid question at all and it is a very common thing for someone seeking to understand their type to struggle with. You're not alone there at all, and the...
People who think they're better or smarter than others for starters haha.
It sounds like you could be an Si-user based on what you've shared here. I encourage you to explore MBTI further and figure out your functions. You could very well be an INFP but it's just as likely...
Looking back on my original choices, I think Caitlin is definitely an ISTJ now. Fits far more.
I wasn't aware of that! Youtube seems more inclined to his personality type, but that's interesting to know.
I don't think I really relate to what you're describing. It sounds slightly like Fi, but I can't be sure.
angelcat , I dunno if that's a fair assessment. If people understand the functions and align themselves with a certain type, who are we to tell them you can't be this type because x? While many may...
Well, his line of work kind of calls for a presence on social media. But you got me.
Pretty much this. I consider myself a teetotaler.
Jon Snow seems more of an ISxP to me and Katniss is an ISTP. Other than that we're in agreement! I'd add Sansa to the list of awesome SJ Starks, though. (personally I think Ned is ISFJ, Cat ESTJ,...
I think our understanding of MBTI and stereotypes (which we're both using) are very different. As are our experiences with the types. Conflicting Si, oh no D:   @ The bolded... I definitely...
The popularity of certain topics and interests suggests lots of intuitives and especially lots of Fi-users. There are a lot of INFPs in particular, from my experience. I'm not suggesting all INFPs...
While you have a point, I think there is definitely an MBTI or at the very least a personality component to it.   For example: Ns are more numerous on the internet than in real life. Not a...
Haha this is a great thread but this one little thing got me... I'm sure there are some, but tumblr (and most places like it, like Reddit, etc.) is the one place where there are probably more...
It depends on the guy (look at Mammon and I -- both ISFJs but have a very different idea of the ideal girl). I'd say an ESFJ would be interested in someone who's down-to-earth and practical and...
I think this is Si and Fe working together, to be honest. Si remembers what Fe felt during the conflict and it can cause an ISFJ to hold a grudge or obsess over the conflict or simply bring back...
You do sound like an ISFJ, if I had to guess!   Especially the bit about wanting to know the background on something before watching (I always do that with movies/tv/books/video games -- I want to...
I think measuring intelligence in general (especially when ignoring that there are many different kinds of intelligence) is a fool's task, but applying sweeping generalizations onto an entire portion...
I shouldn't be surprised by this, or this thread in general. I'm on the ESTP forum. But come on. You people could really use some SJ caution in your lives. You're gonna regret doing whatever some...
There's the thing: Intuitives do the same exact thing to Sensors on this forum. You don't like my completely unpractical theoretical blah blah blah? (no offense, but some of you Ne users are on a...
I consider myself devout (though I'm not always a good Christian). I think it is probably common for most ISFJs (SJs in general probably) to have some level of religious belief depending on what they...
People tell me that I am. But I honestly feel mean.
At the risk of stereotyping, many Intuitives (especially younger ones) have very (ironically) shallow (borderline pretentious) notions of what depth really is. Intuitives in general are more likely...
Does sound like a typical ISFJ guy to me!   But while type isn't a real barrier in relationships, I've noticed that it can be difficult when two people are very similar in temperament. I can't say...
Wow, I like the article but this is something that can be really hard for me to do. Number 3 especially rings a bell with a certain person in my life. Taking the advice is going to be difficult,...
Spy: ISTJ Villain: INTJ Rock Star: ESFP Knight: ISFJ Princess: ISFJ Bodyguard: ISTP Heir to a Large Company: ENTJ Martyr: ESFJ Soldier: ISTJ Overprotective Parent: ESTJ
Well, this is just my opinion, but if I had to rank them, from most extraverted to least (or least introverted to most):  ESFP > ESFJ > ENFP > ESTP > ENFJ > ESTJ > ENTJ > ENTP > INFJ > ISFJ >...
This is an interesting thread. I would think ENTPs to be not very organized at all... you know, inferior Si.  BroNerd and foodcourtfrenzy -- I find it super interesting that both of you, ENTPs,...
He definitely wasn't. I can't stand when INFJ's try to claim him in any way; no incarnation of Batman has been an Fe-dom/aux.  I definitely don't see iNtuition at all for Supes, so you can scratch...
This is highly subjective. Some people may think you are, some may think you aren't. It really depends on the other person's opinion, not so much how you are.
Why not? Si-Fe can manifest in different ways. It is the movies that are different, not the character. Batman is still an IxTJ in the more recent depictions as well as the older ones... those were a...
Was my answer not good enough for you? :P  He's definitely an ISFJ.
He's the quintessential ISFJ.  Comics he's an ISFJ (sometimes portrayed as an Fe-dom, ExFJ) and MoS he's also an ISFJ. Not familiar enough with the other two.
If type is related to behavior and thinking, and those are related to sexuality, then type is related to sexuality. As for those masculine gay guys you met... Yeah I met them too.  I also met a...
I know a lot of extroverts that are like this, but I'm not sure about ESFJs in particular. ESFJs tend to be fairly open, but they (probably) will be hindered by their Fe... so most deeply personal,...
We are the prime examples of Hufflepuffs, actually, Dragongirl! (SJs in general but SFJs in particular!) Nice post. :)
It may be cliche, but I feel this way about the song Landslide by Fleetwood Mac.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yY4bNCx9TY  Probably lesser known, but I also really love the song the Call by...
Apologize to her, genuinely. Don't just be sorry you got caught. Give her some space for now but try to mend the relationship. Admit that you were wrong.  This is a difficult scenario. She probably...
I think there are far more mistyped INFPs then ISFJs on the INFJ forum. But that's just me.
Shortage of male feelers in there.
28/36 and Incredibly Observant on the playbuzz quiz, cheapsunglasses. But it was a lot easier than the other one.
Take it from an ISFJ... she's an ISTJ. :P
I think she's a pretty obvious ISTJ.
Changing your personality type goes against everything MBTI and typing systems like it attempt to explain. You understand that, right?   Leaning a bit more S than N? I don't think you fully...
I'm not impressed.   Personality develops over time, yes. You said type changes. It doesn't.
Consider me enlightened.  I'm open to the idea of being wrong, but we're talking about MBTI, I don't believe I said anything that conflicts with the theory. You, on the other hand...'"


2234: https://youtu.be/qQ3qJmgktS0
Thanks! There may be many lesbians on perc..... however, I do not know them...... sigh.....
Thanks for the research! That's fantastic!
kittenmogu... ur post made me lol!
WhovianJuls..... yes, yes they do.....
jehneefur....  Lol! Oh snap!
Today I am bored, slightly depressed, and pissed off.
My gf......; )
Everything under the sun....
Spaghetti and garlic toast
Bored..... AF
https://youtu.be/jnnMYmL7Fbs
https://youtu.be/FVSq3ANZXdE  Keep Me High by Adaline
Hi, my fellow ISFJ's.... just curious to know if there are any other ISFJ lesbians in this forum?? I mean, other than myself, lol!!!! If so, let me know:)
https://youtu.be/FVSq3ANZXdE  Keep Me High By Adaline
According to all my friends, family, coworkers, and gf I am fucking hilarious!
576962
The Girl Who Played With Fire
Criminal Minds
Things I shouldn't, and more than I can control:/
You want to go out and enjoy the world, but you're content to chill at home and drink coffee and smoke cigarettes with your gf:)
As Far As I Could Get by Florence and the Machine
522033
349706
If I lay here If I just lay here Would u lie with me and just forget the world
Way too many things.... many more than I actually care to think about.....
Cooking dinner
341874 Not sure why it is sideways, lol:)
To be held.......
So cold by Ben Cocks from The Good Wife soundtrack
Me too:/
Imagine Dragons:cool:
Into the Wild  Great movie but so............ sad:(
Hello and welcome:wink:
Equal
I am not artistic at all. I love music and anything music related.  I can only play a few chords on the guitar and the piano but I am no musician by far, lol!
Negligent
New York, NY Juneau, AK Los Angeles, CA Denver, CO Seattle, WA
Damaged
Trying to escape my discontent.
I like to watch u sleep at night To hear u breathe by my side And although sleep leaves me behind There's nowhere I'd rather be
Oikos Blueberry Greek Yogurt.........YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMY
Something I can't have:-(
So um..... ESFJ here:)
The usual.....women. I continually find myself waking up in the morning after having sex dreams about myself with other women.......
Demons by Imagine Dragons..... I love it, it is me in a nutshell.
Something sinful.....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFQYaoiIFh8
http://assets1.zujava.com/sites/default/files/styles/introduction-image/public/9962/anxiety-and-depression-how-to-cope/depression-lossoflovedone.jpg?itok=GJ0Ie0BH
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFQYaoiIFh8"


2236: 'It's freaky how much I can relate to this.
lol, I feel the same way. My sister is an INTP and I feel like together we're Sherlock and Watson. :)
I have a hard time with this. Mostly because I tend to believe what I hear. In the workplace I definitely feel like the boring, narrow minded one. When people complain about ISFJs, I just want to...
I saw somewhere that Whitney was supposed to be ISFJ, but I'm not sure if it was accurate. :/
Sorry ahead of time if this comes out as more of a rant, but I was on the other side of this just recently, so let me explain it.   I had a co-worker with a crush on me that was casually paying me...
I actually have a pretty deep voice and it only gets deeper the sleepier I get. Although, for some reason when I talk to children, strangers, or animals, I use this extremely soft, high pitched,...
I would probably love it if I didn't have Reynauds. I can't handle the cold well at all. I think it's the prettiest season though, and I enjoy the fresh, cold air when I am out for short periods of...
My sister is an INTP and we get along great. We're practically each others best friend and we have a very easy time communicating. I've found that growing up with her helps me to understand any other...
If I'm learning how to do something specific, then I have to learn it by doing it and have someone walk me through it a few times. Sometimes I can learn it after going through it just once. Try to...
Ugh, I always come off as being an air-head because of this. I have a delay between the joke and my outburst of laughter. It's embarrassing. :frustrating:
These are both so true of my ISTP cousin.
I feel like I can read people pretty well, but then again, I've heard a lot of people say that ISFJs are paranoid and aren't all that great at it. Also, I've met ISFJs that are terrible at it as...
To be honest, I never flirt, nor will I ever understand how to do it. It's just not natural for me.   On the other hand, I don't mind being flirted with as long as it's extremely subtle. ISFJs pick...
My words exactly. xD
I deeply agree with what scamper_22 said. Often times with ISFJs, the real problem isn't anything that you'd assume right off the bat. Also, you have to settle with the fact that you're never going...
I feel like I'm always myself, but I just show whatever side would fit the situation best. I might not be completely honest with everyone all the time, but it's not just about making everyone happy....
This is me exactly. Super serious until someone says something that makes me smile and laugh uncontrollably. xD
I can actually relate to this. I'm an extreme introvert, to the point where I just want to be alone for weeks at a time. On the other hand, I've gotten comfortable enough with my co workers that I've...
I totally agree. It's like we think with our emotions and we need time to put it into words that others will understand and relate to.
I was just curious to see if this was a common thing with ISFJs or if it was just some social quirk or nervous habit of mine, but do you ever find that you can't help but smile all the time? For...
ALL the time...
I personally think that ISFJs would make pretty good actors actually. I guess it depends on the person though. I've always dreamed of acting. I love emotion. I think we might be a little less apt to...
I feel this to an extreme. In fact, I was thinking about making a post like this until I stumbled across this one.   I've always felt that everywhere I go, I'm just a part of the scenery. I listen...
Haha, no, it's just the principle of the thing I suppose. It sounds very unspecific and lazy. I don't really care though, I'm just picking. xD
I'm glad I'm not the only one that hates this. I'm a cashier and everyone around me uses this expression, except for me. I've never understood it.
I used to have anger issues until my sister taught me something over a matter of years that finally hit home as I got older. You only get angry because you let yourself. Getting worked up over...
All the time. I feel like I don't have the right to give advice without proving that I know what I'm talking about due to past experiences. I personally want to know that the person telling me what...
This is something that I understand because I do it all the time, though I find it very hard to express in a way that would make much sense to a non-ISFJ, but I'll try my best.  Us ISFJs are...
Triple minds apparently, because I didn't read yours before posting either! lol. xD
Before answering, I should note that I'm a Christian and hold to certain morals. I can also admit to being rather insecure, so I'm not sure if my answers would be true for many ISFJs. And please...
The only two people I'm close to are my sister(INTP) and my best friend(ESFJ) that I've known for as long as I can remember. I could also count my cousin(ISTP) who feels almost like a little brother...
^This was totally me as well.
I'm sorry to hear this. D:  I'm not going to pretend to know what's going on, because unless you know both sides, it's hard to say. But I'd just try to remember that ISFJs will try to avoid any...
I love INTJs. I like their relaxed demeanor and gentleness, and I find them easy to do things with. My only complaint is that every one I've met is actually very insecure. They hide it very well, but...
I was just thinking about this the other day!   I'm the same exact way, but I think it expands into my other senses as well. For example, I was walking out in the rain with a hoodie on, and the...
As an ISFJ, I've never told anyone that I loved them without them telling me first. My father(INFJ) always says I love you to me, and I answer I love you too, but I don't normally say it on my...
My issues stem down from my OCD. I feel like I'm always sitting around, waiting for the right moment when I'll be able to make everything in my life completely organized to the point where everything...
Well, I get along with my sister(INTP) really well, so most other INTPs I can understand pretty well too. I guess sometimes it's hard for me though because for some types I've only known one person...
I have OCD tendancies, so does that count? I clean whenever I'm upset. :P  I'm sure my sister could list all of the silly things I do, but I guess I just don't notice them. Most of the time it's...
Maybe it's just me, but I've never liked opening up to people very much. I think it's because they always come to me with their problems first, so I don't get to do my share of complaining. I've just...
Initially my sister typed me on her own as an ISFJ and after taking a test online, it confirmed it.     This actually doesn't surprise me, as INTPs have the same functions as us, but in an...
Superior
I've never been in a relationship to begin with, but I know a few ISTJs in real life, including my mother. I have to say that I just don't get along with them. I think they're great at a friendship...
I can completely relate actually. This kind of reminds me of how I was getting stressed about not having photo albums in order and such. I feel like I need a full record, in order, of my past in...
Actually, I'm talking about full-blown theatrics. Usually said person will bring it up here and there like, Well I'd have time if I hadn't had to do THAT(hint hint). I might get paranoid easily,...
I'm mixed about this one. I don't let just anyone use me like that, but I do tend to get pushed around by people that I don't want to upset. I think it's because I'm attempting to avoid any drama...
I'm not sure why, but I've never been able to succeed at anything I do, even if I work at it for years. I feel like I'm always comparing myself to my sister though. She's an INTP, so she picks up on...
I'm not sure if someone has already mentioned it, but I could swear that Leonardo Da Vinci was an INTP.
Growing up with an INTP has exercised it considerably for me. xD
^These are all really true for me, especially the last one. I'm frequently depressed about it actually.'"


2263: 'Sounds like you have to look at this objectively and ask what's in it for you to stay? Is it worth the pain and hangups you're experiencing? From my point of view, you need to step back and find...
People usually ask me if I'm angry, actually... I have resting bitch face, and it's worse when I'm consentrating...
I was bored one day and searching for accurate personality tests, which eventually lead me to taking one for MBTI, which then classified me as an INTJ, and I joined one of their forums, and...
I'm not much of a crier. On average, I'd say once or twice a year.   Usually it's stress, other times, a story. Last time I teared up, I was watching a show on stalking and I teared up when the mom...
Never. My great uncle got his fourth degree at 56 simply because he wanted to and enjoys learning. Do what makes you happy. Everyone else can stow it. Not their life, not their business. Also, people...
Mimic those around you. Before you say something think about it, think about whether or not it's appropriate for a work environment and if it isn't, don't say it. Either alter it to be appropriate or...
That's kind of like asking if getting my dog food, which is an act that doesn't serve me at all, really, makes me feel more moral, whatever that means. No, I do it because she doesn't have thumbs...
Listening to Blasphemous Rumors by Depeche Mode and waiting for the last 4 minutes of my Thursday work day to pass.
Depends on the situation and to whom I'm speaking.  There are some people who I wish would give more info, though.
There are so many reasons people could possibly stare - many of them have nothing to do with you.  Reasons I've stared at people (usually accidentally - in the form of my looking at them and ending...
Stress and worry is my resting state. It's just part of the Si / pattern seeking tendency that I have. I think your ISFJ is likely similar.   I worry about work relationships, too, because you...
Love to cook, but hate cleaning up, so so long as I have a helper who doesn't mind doing dishes, yeah, I love to cook and am good at it :D
If I'm in public, I don't personally mind a hey, mind if I join you? It tells me exactly what they want without being pushy. From there, taking interest in what I'm doing or asking how I am will...
Nope... I keep telling myself I'm going to keep one... and then... don't... I sit down to write out my thoughts and nothing comes. Without a prompt of some sort, I'm completely useless when it comes...
hehe I relate to soooooo many of these!!!   If I think one of my friends won't enjoy something I've recommended (usually a film or a show) and we're watching together, I take every opportunity to...
The ASPCA commercials pissed me off so much that I actually wrote a letter and sent it about how while I agree with their cause, to help animals who have been abused and tortured, that their...
Might sound strange, but when I'm not feeling pretty, it kind of annoys me when people compliment my appearance. It feels like they're bs'ing to make me feel better, but it does the opposite. Same...
Just finished listening to a customer's sob story and waiting for an uncomfortable conversation with my supervisor about transfering to a different department - one of those oh, why are you leaving...
Sitting at work hoping my transfer gets approved
Nightmare Before Christmas. Found out last night that my friend had never seen it, and of course that cannot be allowed, so I had to change that.
The entire part where Squidward is preparing for Squilliam to come to the Krusty Krab and he goes Forget everything but fine dining and breathing... and then the little Spongebobs are destroying...
Telekineses. With the amount of things we take on due to our difficulty saying no, we'd need it!
Do you live with her? If she's not financially supporting you, then it might be wise to have a sit down with her and tell her that you're an adult and that your life and choices aren't always going...
Ask her flat out why are you upset with me? And then what can I do to fix it? If she doesn't want to work it out, go fine, then. I tried, you know where to find me when you're interested in...
Nope. Not at all...
Perhaps send a pretty little plant or something? You don't have to say so, but it's a nice little thing that focuses on life and future instead of loss and past.
I adore my INTPs, but when we get into indecisive loops we can drive the other crazy haha  I would bet the first what do you wanna do? Idk, what do you wanna do? Dunno... you? No idea, you?...
I do yoga because it goes hand in hand with bellydance (which is becoming a dominant hobby of mine). It helps my body deal with all of the intricate movements involved. All that shimmying and the...
I may be a bit biased as they ARE my favourites, but they're all very good :P  Yep, that was me! Haven't drawn in a while, but I have done a few portraits of her, yes.
I'll give my current top 11. Why not 10, you ask? Because this list goes to 11.  Gone With the Wind I love love LOVE old movies, especially those which include things that filmmakers can't get...
Welcome :)   One of my closest friends is an ENF =^_^=   Interests: cooking (vegetarian), drawing, painting, sculpture, language (currently learning German), history, culture, yoga, bellydance...
I lived with a hoarder for over 10 years and then my INTP best friend and her messy husband, stepson and autistic twn toddlers for 1 year. If I were a neat freak, I would have gone insane by now. ...
Willow from Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Recently watched the whole thing and her reactions to things were so like me it was crazy. She even says things I would say in certain circumstances.
I find it and opencourseware useful when I get stuck on my homework and need someone to show me the same material either again, or again in a different way. That way, I can try a couple of different...
Had lunch with my grandparents and then went to work haha  I was a bit of a wildchild in my teens, so alcohol was nothing new and I'd pretty much given it up.  Few weeks later, I did go to a bar...
Perhaps I didn't specify too well there (though I did try to be careful), I was talking about Light/Kira's use of the deathnote, not specifically the author of Deathnote. On the other hand, I would...
I am going to go against the grain and say it has Fi dripping off of it. To operate under the assumption that the writer of the names is right in determing who dies is imo incredibly Fi. It puts the...
lol I've spent quite a lot of time around INTJs, and no, I don't view them as robots at all. It's funny to me that people (sometimes including themselves) do. Imo, when it comes to MBTI, it's kind of...
I'd send her a text saying Hey, I wanted to assure you there's not now, nor has there ever been anything going on between your husband and myself other than a simple, platonic friendship between...
Cold, left-over chow mein... mmmmmmm...  That moment when you were nauseated, but it breaks and you feel it melt away... The similar moment with pain medication kicks in and you feel the pain...
The difference between having a clinically diagnosed disorder and self-diagnonsense.  The decision to remove Aspergers as a diagnosis and call all of it Autism Spectrum and how it affects people...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdskDO13ZGo
*reads this as she considers putting “It's not stupid... it's advanced...“ as her siggy....:dry:  well... I guess  I'm going to have to get used to people thinking I think myself superior, even...
^ seriously... I have to wonder if the OP has ever addressed this issue with the supposed ISFJs in question, and how sure the OP is that these personal space invaders are actually ISFJ...
The new Carrie :D
I tend to be overly blunt, honest and occasionally brutal when giving my opinion. My friends and loved ones know that they shouldn't ask me how I feel or what I think about something unless they...
I'm by no means an advocate for any life style. Do and eat as you please, I'm merely saying that if someone feels bad about eating meat, there ARE alternatives. They aren't forced into it.
Perhaps, but it's not like meat / animal products are the only source of protein.
If you feel that badly about it... why eat it at all?  Also, most conventionally farmed and fattened animals have other animals as part of the feed they're given, so for the most part, no point not...
I'd probably run my class like a college course.  The class layout would be on the syllabus - all the homework assignments and test dates written on that piece of paper, and it's their...'"


2265: 'I've had my first love now. Super complicated and exciting and messy and bad and awesome and generally just a lot.
@Miriamisfj my birthday was sad too, don't know why, I was just particularly depressed.  Ummm so my friend and her boyfriend might have just broken up. Worried. I know the situation quite well and...
I need to change meds when I get home. Luckily, I get home in less than a week. It'll be sad leaving, but I won't miss it for a while. Except the Spanish, it'll be weird not speaking Spanish. But I'm...
I got my seconds done in my earlobes and a cartilage piercing today. Wild!
I had a wonderful beach weekend with friends. I was moody part of it and really uncomfortable/cautious around alcohol after blacking out one night last week, but I had a great time. Rallied both...
I play through vent sessions in my head. I was thinking about how my roommate gets back tomorrow and played out in my head the next time she makes a comment to me that I don't like, because usually I...
http://i.imgur.com/kDki2lW.jpg I split one of my friends from her roommate in Morocco I guess because I roomed with her. Her roommate was stuck with the clique but she didn't mind. I'm very...
Morocco is cool
I definitely came off as passive to everything, but I really just continued acting towards her as I would towards anyone in any situation. Plus, she's super cool and I idolize her in some ways, along...
Ever done it? What was the situation? How did everything end up?   I'm just thinking about this because I effectively did this to my roommate (if you've read my posts in the stream of...
Double post, but ties into previous post.   I just spent the last hour or two crying and having heart to heart time, such catharsis but completely unexpected. Like how did the conversation turn to...
Can vouch for this one. I'm abroad, so it's all out of my comfort zone. I luckily have a good friendship with my roommate and she's always there to get me going to try new things. Almost every time...
What a nice weekend. Went out Thursday night, got up and went horseback riding with my program Friday morning, spent the entire afternoon in my room being lazy after lunch (Spanish afternoon, sooo......
One of my fake internet friends posted a link to a quick MBTI test, so all of us on this strange little forum of ours took it and compared. I read the Portrait of an ISFJ and remember thinking...
I used to emotionally invest in online relationships a ton. I spent my allotted internet time playing RuneScape, originally for gameplay/entertainment reasons, and eventually for social reasons. Had...
My roommate told me I approach things in a rational, logical, and realistic way. She said she doesn't get how my brain works at all, especially how I've got a lot more going on in there than what I...
Legend has it that while Henry Ford II was giving a tour around a new, fully automatic factory to union leader Walter Reuther in the 1960s, Ford joked:'Walter, how are you going to get those robots...
GUYS. 24hoursofhappy.com  24 hours worth of just the one song, but all kinds of people just dancing and doing their own thing in front of the camera.
Love cooking. I'm probably not gonna cook more than a couple times until the end of August, so I'm kind of bummed.
Didn't used to like hugs. Now love hugs if I love the person I'm receiving the hug from. I love people pretty easily.
Personally, I liked my intro accounting class for the order, but I need to be helping people, especially with how much I've gotten to know about myself in the past year. I can help people indirectly,...
I've done a good amount of teambuilding, so I'm atypical in the sense that I open up really easily. I trust people a lot faster than I used to. This isn't to say that I am secure in the trust; I get...
I'm usually pretty open to listening to whatever. I used to really hate country as a child and get really irritated when I was forced to listen to it, but I'm pretty over it. Yeah, I have...
ISFJ  Creeps. “Nice guys.” The ISFJs are really fucking creepy. They do not know what privacy means (I listen to my roommate skype almost every time) , and they do not care even if you direct them...
Most difficult: Hmm. Well, I'm a hardcore procrastinator. I used to be a perfectionist, as well. This turned toxic at times. I lost my 4.0 in my third semester of high school and stopped caring quite...
I get really paranoid when I'm walking alone in the dark. Thinking back on the past year, this is regardless of my environment. I can be in the neighborhood I grew up in (there used to be gangs, but...
I look at smiles. You can tell so much from a smile and facial expressions. This has become especially evident to me as I've been meeting people and dealing with a language barrier.   Dark hair,...
This, sort of. People know me more for my humor and somewhat for my aspirations, as at my age, that's what we ask people when we first meet them. My emotional side comes out after a while, along with...
I get drunk and go to clubs. In what universe is this my life? And I don't hate it. And I make out with random guys. And I... almost dance. Sort of dance.   But I pay for it by sleeping alllll the...
I am really cautious with my words. Although a billion things cross my mind, I only let out certain things that I feel will portray me appropriately for the image I wish to convey. I didn't swear/use...
My roommate looooves me now that everything is fixed! We talked it out first, then she was gonna move out (because talking about it couldn't prevent me from snoring), and then our super generous host...
A couple weeks ago I went to Rome (I'm currently studying abroad) and the night before we were leaving, three of the five of us who traveled together went out. We got back around 6AM after many...
I also daydream a lot. I've been creating false realities for quite a long time, and I can remember even the ones I created in middle school. I feel like it makes sense for my type, though, because...
I just posted this on my other forum, so I'll give some context. I'm currently studying abroad in Spain and living with a host family and a roommate. My roommate and I get along great sometimes, but...
ugh how will I be ready to leave the country, I don't have time
Another dream  The beginning is kind of blurry now, but something was going in for poor people on TV or something and then they asked for people to out all of their waffles out by their front...
Posted this on another forum I use (a weird one, not even really a forum, it's our odd little clique exclusively):   So I had a dream last night that I was hanging out with lady gaga, just...
I have loved Mean Girls from the first time I saw it. I didn't understand some of it, as I was like 10 years old, but I have probably watched it hundreds of times. It is an awesome teen/high school...
And so I'm one step closer to officially being on camp staff for next summer. About 20 minutes after my skype interview (which wasn't nerve-wracking at all - it was actually a really nice...
Not only do I have a vivid memory, I also find it necessary to hold onto reminders of memories, whether they're physical reminders or digital (emails, text conversations, etc.) and I go through them...
I've found that I want to hide A LOT lately, and I have been hiding. Sleeping at odd hours, awake at odd hours, and just spending time alone. This isn't fully because of my personality - I'm also...
One of the nicest things I've been told is that although I don't say much, everything I say is worth hearing. I've received this compliment in multiple contexts, from peers, close friends, and...
UGH I NEED TO DO THIS PRESENTATION but I have no motivation to do it. I'd rather clean the hair off the bathroom floor or unpack. But I won't let myself do those things because they aren't what I...
I have certain people I can share with, but it takes me a long time to get that level of trust and to feel emotionally safe. I have a sense of how certain people would react to certain deep things...
Wow, last time I was about to post on this thread must have been right after I got home from camp because autosave just had something about me sleeping 14 hours. That day seems like forever ago....
I get super warm and fuzzy, for real. I don't expect any of that from anyone, and even on the occasions that I know it's coming, I'm still extremely grateful when I receive whatever I'm being given,...
Camp is over. Camp was the best thing I've ever done. And I will do it again.   I broke out of my shell at some point, and everyone loved it. I love all of those people, that place, what we did...
you are a faithful idealist.  you are an idealist       As an IDEALIST, you are distinctive for your integration of confidence, imagination, willingness to explore, and desire for competence...
My sleep schedule is so messed up. I don't know if I should even try to fix it now or if I should just allow staff training at camp to be an adjustment period for that as well as all the other things...
In no particular order:  http://i.imgur.com/YgPfZ2f.jpg My avatar, my love Carlos. Probably my favorite picture I've ever taken.  http://i.imgur.com/tNckXKM.jpg My foot and my friend's foot on...'"


2373: Hey everyone,   I recently been going through vine videos, I was just wondering what do you think David Lopez's MBTI is - a Vine Comedian.  Let me know your thoughts! Thanks! :)
I believe the most confident type anyone that is an E or a P. I's are the least confident, unless they are a T or a P maybe a P  combined.
I pretty much know my type, I've taken a few tests and people tell me the way I am, and I agree with them. The only thing that throws them off is that I seem like an E sometimes, I think I'm just...
I mean, yeah, there not cool, unless you're an N, S's don't usually like board games. S's would rather be dancing, hello!! ;)
Yeah, I can see that happening. Are they kind of an old soul?
ESFJ - Are they nerdy?   I know a ESFJ, and I feel sometimes that person can get pretty nerdy, like play board games with friends. Is this normal for a ESFJ? I feel this person could be an N.  ...
I can see how teachers liked me too, but you're a P, but I would kinda think you would be more out going? Or do you think you are pretty outgoing now, now that you are older? Let me know, just...
Right? You just want to be whole you want to be, and enjoy the people around you. I agree, doesn't matter when you get older for sure.
Basically I was not that cool, I was more shy, and kinda weird. I think I came out of my shell when I got older because most people think I'm an E now, but I'm not, I still have that I in me for...
isfj  4
That's really hard to answer, I would say it depends on the crowed and the person I'm with. I would say I hang out with one or two people, I usually have inside jokes with them, that's how I bond...
Yeah, this doesn't apply
I'm not sure if its that common, I mean, we are pretty serious, but not that serious. We or I like laughter the most, I learned to relax more, and take things day by day, some people might think I'm...
OMG! i totally feel the same way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGl4MFuGg_U  i love this song because its mellow, and it speaks to my heart
That concerns me a little, they don't think outside of the box at all? I'm happy they are always happy though.
ESFJ's are sweet, there caring and understand of other people's needs, but when are they mean?  When do ESFJ's get bad? What makes them tick? I haven't had that experience yet. How do they react...
I think everything comes within time, nothing is over night. I totally agree with your responds.
I think you guys should just chill out or get a new teacher with the same subject. I have sometimes the same problem with my own personality type and some other ISFJ's I know, we still get alone, but...
I think my parents are:  Dad: ESFJ Mom: ISFJ  I mean, I could be wrong, but that's how I feel. My dad likes adventure and my mom on the other hand is kinda reserved. My dad is more aware of...
OMG!!! I can totally relate to this, I think I would hate it!! Even though people think I'm an extrovert sometimes, I feel internally, I'm a introvert. I think I would like if for a little bit, but...
I know, I hate it when people boss me around, who do they think they are? Just because we are nice, doesn't mean you can take advantage of us. We love doing things/ favors for the people, but don't...
Oh fuck no, don't turn into a T, please stay am F, do some yoga, relax, drink some tea
what makes me mad is that when other people are not sympathetic to other people when they should be in certain situations. Or when other judgers are TOO judgmental, I'm like no more!
aw, I love you!! :)
I guess not, we are alone :(, and you know how that makes us feel
Just wondering, are ESFJ's funny? Or do they like to tease there friends or girlfriends?
Yes, they are for sure easy to talk to, BUT are they funny? Do they have that in them, is what I'm wondering? Have you had that experience before? Let me know, I'm curious.
Why did you like that person in the first place? I'm talking to this guy right now and he's a ESFJ, he is so sweet, but I'm worried about the J part, I don't think I've experienced that yet. We will...
Yes, I believe so, but sometimes you stay the same. It depends how you develop, if people tell you that you are outgoing, but you FEEL that you are not at the time, and people see that you have the...
I think extroverts and P's travel the most. Of course, I'm a ISFJ, and sometimes I feel like I'm a E, maybe a but more of a E. That's what people say when they first meet me, or when I ask them, they...
I would say, the ENFP, for being a mathematician, they are good at it, but I don't think they enjoy it as much as being creative. police officer and judge, now that's weird, I would never think they...
Its hard to tell, either INFP or ENTP, since he is a song writer I would say E, but, but hes pretty chill, so maybe an I, too hard.
1) What is your MBTI type? ISFJ  2) What is your gender? Female  3) What type(s) do you admire/respect the most? (Why?) ESFP, they are so fun and loving, love to have a good time, and care. ENFP,...
I'm not annoyed by extroverts AT ALL! I think they are great! I love them, unless they are a T or a J, then I don't like them as much because either, they are mean, or too opinionated, which, I'm...
I would say ENTP, they are the worst alcoholics ever! They drink like fish, they don't get too wild, but they drink like crazy. ESFP, yes, they for sure drink, but they are fun, they get crazy, but...
I think you should take more tests, the IN and the ES are throwing you off right? Here is a test I found that can be pretty helpful: http://a.pgtb.me/tGD1xP  I also they have an app too:...
I would say the most intense would be ENTP, ESTP, INTP or INTJ
I think they are fine with way, I don't see them annoying when they are drunk.
I'm jealous of your siblinghood
What do you mean ENTP and a SF? I dated a ENTP, the worst communicator of my life, I don't know how they function. I enjoy ESFP personalities way more.
OMG! They are married, I would love to see how that works.
Hmm, for me its kinda opposite, I was more introvert when I was younger, but now more extrovert, of course I still have my introvert ways.   I think what you are going through is a change of life...
I have a solution, I found this really fun quiz, check it out! Click on the link: Jungl- Take Quiz https://www.facebook.com/JungLapp, they have an app too! Link: http://a.pgtb.me/3bhrbp
Yay! ESFP again! Man! This is awesome!
Are you kidding? I love ESFP's, hello! my username! Don't hate ;)
My dad is a very practical man, whenever I need him, he is always there. I'm not really sure what his personality would be, maybe, I'm guessing F for sure, P maybe, he has traveled the world. Not...
I'm a ISFJ, I don't know if I would wear an apron, I usually. I mean, if I had a big house and wanted to look up impressing my boyfriend then most likely yes. I guess I would have my hair in a bun,...
Well I don't hate anyone, but from my experience, I dislike, and hard to communicate with are ESTP or INTJ's. They just make me feel bad about myself, like I'm doing something wrong, but I know I'm...
Reall? Ukraine - IxFx  Sweden: IxFJ"


2449: 'http://i9.photobucket.com/albums/a71/secret_agent_steve/Photo_12.jpg
THIS!  I live for knee high socks. I have a couple pairs of argyle ones too. I wear them all the time!  As far as overall fashion...I'm a bit all over the place as far as category. I lean toward...
I'm glad I'm not the only one! I get teased a lot about laughing at everything, but I genuinely find most jokes funny. If I find it really funny I'll tear up. That happens most times, and very...
It sucks. Trust me. Especially for a sensitive ISFJ such as myself...not fun. Too straining of work for not enough recognition. Luckily it's only a part-time job while I'm in school....   You know...
Yay ISFJ! Welcome. :)  Check out our section of the forum! We're all still trying to figure ourselves out too, so no worries! A good one to check out is the You Know You're An ISFJ If.... thread,...
I noticed on that list that Garfield is ENTP. Oh, the irony, haha!
Thanks, Trigun! I understand exactly what you mean.  It's sad that our sacrificing nature is so taken advantage of, that we are seen as only useful to advance the main character, so to say. It...
Ugh. I hate the techno. I'm not a fan at all of this song.  I adore Linkin Park, I have for about 6 years. I have all of their songs from Hybrid Theory EP to Minutes to Midnight...but this techno...
I'm very curious of this statement. What kind of examples were you referring to?  (I'm a Broadcast Journalism major...I'm always extremely interested in how people are viewed through the media.) :)
I'm pretty sure my dad's ISTJ. He's definitely very relaxed...he was the one, when I was younger, that I would go to to ask favors because he usually responded, Yeah go ahead, it's not like it...
Just curious, what are some strengths you all think we introverts have in contrast to extroverts?  Example: Extroverts have the advantage of talking easily with others, while (most of the time)...
So what's a walking failed 'Lifetime' moment? :mellow:
I see that ad all the time. I read it through not too long ago and it really pissed me off.  Like most of you had said, I think people like the advertiser don't realize that people like us...
Like the TV channel Lifetime?
I was most excited about the INTP, I think, because it reassures some of the many questions I've had about the INTP I've been interested in for a while....  N/S, T/F, and J/P - Supplement - like...
Source: MBTI Relationship Matrix | Life as a Project              ISFJ Profile  Just something I stumbled upon that I found interesting. All the types are related to ISFJ (obviously) and are put...
I'm curious as to why fours may be a rarity for ISFJs? I'm no master at Enneagram so any thoughts are appreciated.  My tri-type is 4-1-5, I think. I see a lot of 6 too. Maybe I'm just a weirdo,...
Haha! My roommate is ESFJ and I never even thought about how true this was. The only times she's online is when she's Skyping with her boyfriend or playing the next cooking game on Facebook. I...
The one ENTP I know is someone I don't talk to much, but alas he's the only one I can think of.  We can talk with each other easily. I find what he says really interesting. The opposites thing...
Ooh, ooh, I'm a four! :)
Of course, I didn't mean it as I have to feel obligated to help. But for her to make a generalization that I won't ever stand up for her just because I didn't that one time is what made me upset. ...
I've been told that I come across as stuck up at first. Naturally it hurt my feelings, but after some introspection I realized that it's because I'm not as outgoing as most people I worked with. If I...
Argh. Double post. I'm sorry, forum gods!
ISFJ alert, ISFJ alert! :)
Basically, she thought I was obligated to defend her just because we were a group of 4, even though her situation had nothing to do with me. I felt guilty because it's my friends, so I felt like it...
Story of my life. Too many thoughts floating around in there, no good enough ways to vocalize them!
Hmm. I wouldn't necessarily put the blame completely on myself, especially if I don't know the whole situation between you two. I would be upset about the fighting, but if it continued then yes, I...
Yeah, I'm working on learning that. :)  I think that's one of the big things us ISFJs have to work toward, is learning how to accept that just because there's unrest, it's not our fault, nor our...
I'm a 19-year-old female who has an odd liking of copy-editing things. The first thing I ever read was a newspaper, I think it was destiny.  I play the saxophone, but only for marching band. I'm...
I know I constantly like to keep the peace, so I'm mostly taken advantage of in that aspect. As in, Can you do this for me? If you don't, it'll disrupt the peace, and it'll be your fault. Recently,...
(I)     (N)    (F)
I've read that ESFPs are our ideal match. Two of the people I hold closest to me are ESFPs, so I could see that working out.  I also think ENFJs would be a good match. My best friend is ENFJ and...
I dream of traveling the world, country-to-country, doing freelance journalism, and I'll be damned if it doesn't happen! I'm too ambitious for my own good sometimes!  Best of luck to you!
I know we have the N/S difference, but this has crossed my mind plenty of times. I feel like IxFJ Pisceans are the ultimate otherworldly type.   Of those points above, I'm absolutely a daydreamer....
I claim her for the ISFJs!
Yeah, I'm not touchy-feely at all with people I'm not completely comfortable with, so her being that way is definitely a sign that she cares about you!  ISFJs like to work in the woodwork, that...
I'm seriously sitting here right now trying to think of the reason why I don't like shoes. It's hard to put into words! :{
I know it was just a random post, though it is quite funny how it actually turned out to be something in common between us all. :)  ISFJ's love of barefeet comes from our...F...which...
I've heard horror stories about those two! I've played the original FF a couple of times and it was pretty difficult, so I can only imagine what the sequels are like.  Just bought XII today,...
I like FF8 much better. Four discs of amazing.  Personally I want to play every FF game at some point. My suggestion: Play the dramatic FFs first, then cleanse your palate with FFX-2, haha!
There's something liberating about going outdoors barefoot! As often as I can I walk across my campus without shoes, especially when it rains!  Let's chalk this up to ISFJ-ness: Not wearing shoes!
I've always thought the world would be much more fun if we didn't wear shoes! Of course, only if the surfaces underneath us weren't so dangerous.  My shoes are always the first things to come off...
Wow! I literally blogged about this topic on Tumblr 12 hours before you posted it on here. I'm wondering the EXACT same thing about myself.   When I get upset, I get UPSET. I become the complete...
Naomi Misura from Death Note?
When the van was falling in the water for like 45 minutes I thought I would have an aneurism. My ESFP best friend was freaking out about the visuals while I was just stressing about keeping all the...
I don't know about Tori Spelling...but I'm SUPER pumped about Michael Cane and Julianne Moore. Cane is a boss and Julianne is one of the most beautiful ladies in Hollywood. I was always real jealous...
It is kinda funny that he returned to his kids in the exact same position he left them in.   Maybe it's his mind trying to fill in the gap? Or maybe it's just the director screwing with us...who...
I'm pretty confused by this one, it's something I've never heard before. Is this maybe an instance with one ISFJ in particular? I wouldn't really say the part represents the whole in this case.... ...
I think he was in Reality. The top wouldn't have started dwindling if he was in Limbo, it would have just kept spinning with the same speed.  I think the reason the director did that was so we as...
My main problem with when I see these posts is that there doesn't seem to be a solution to either side. If we hold in our negative emotions, we're being evasive and difficult to talk to. However,...'"


2591: 'Maker, then Survivor
The air is so quiet...
John James Audubon and Roger Tory Peterson  What type are they?  I found on one website that Audubon is ISFP but that's about it.
I know a possible ESTJ (or ENTJ) with a pretty high Fi. Speaks out what he thinks is right and wrong and is practically unafraid. He is amazingly magnetic. I admire him greatly.
Like first day in Pre-kindergartern?
Outcode, you read my mind. :laughing:
Sorry for not responding for a long time, I had to shut myself from Personality Cafe for a while.:blushed:  I feel that the types closest to me are either ISFP, ISFJ, and ISTJ. I'm probably not...
1. Definitely alone. 2. I'm favoring towards prison but it depends on what type of prison. 3. Invisibility, so I can sneak outside and just observe nature in peace.:wink:
Hmmm...I'm curious. Were you guys always this fatherly like? :mellow:
You're probably right:wink:. But I think for now, I think I am going to place my status as Unknown. For some reason it's more comfortable to me. I think I'll be putting up more posts in both the...
Speaking about wishing you were a girl, my xxTJ sister wished she was a boy when she was younger. :tongue:  Also after reading yours and teddy's posts, I feel that I'm most probably not an ISFJ. I...
@ letsride  That's scarily like me, especially the second paragraph. It annoyed my mother quite a few times.
Korea is a definite SJ with dabblings of NT.
Darkest Hour and Nate the Great. You guys are actually making me consider me being intuitive.
From what you said, I'll pick the moral compass.   From when I was a kid, I find myself picking up values that I want to instill in myself, by listening to and observing other people...
Muffy I think is ESFJ.
In real life, I don't connect with people for the fact that I believe that everyone is different. I don't want to emulate anybody else around me because I want to be myself and different from others...
Well, I am not sure if it really apply to people in my everyday life. I never asked them, and I never told anybody about this either. Maybe they do since people don't seem to care too much about role...
I wouldn't say I'm an impulsive kid, I'm more of the frightful one.   Cognitive Functions 100: Basic Functionality Revised - INTP Forum  I looked at the thread above and I can definitely see...
Whoa! I would love to do entomology as well, or something else with animals.:crazy: And to the OP, I don't consider myself to be artistic as well. I'm more of the field guide lover.:wink:
Well, at first I thought Se was connected explicitly with impulsiveness. I really didn't think I was really impulsive. However, I feel attracted towards movement like the movement of animals (This is...
Alright Handiace. Because of you and a few others, I've decided I'm ISFP. (I put thought into this, just to let you know:tongue:):wink:
...Ravenclaw
Just wondering what other people think about my type.  Some things about me...   I have a tendency to feel embarrassed for a person (whether that person was embarrassed or not) if in the same...
I don't really know if I have previously mapped out schedule. I'm pretty much trying to see if I'm ISFJ or ISFP. Pretty much the reason I deterred myself away from ISFP is the fact that I don't think...
Comments above.
Hmmm... this makes me question my type again. I find that there is alot of characteristics of ISFP that I feel describe me very well (Sometimes even more so than ISFJ). Sigh... confused again. Do...
I'm going to say the answer is most probably a yes.  Check out what happen to poor Phineas Gage after a head injury. It's a pretty depressing story. :sad:  Phineas Gage Information
May I bump this thread? I'm still curious about the differences. I haven't met any ISFPs so it makes it hard for me to make a comparison.
You're not alone:wink:. I find that it is the same way with me as well. I just find it too hard to say something demeaning to or even about a person even when I'm angry. As for my ISTJ sister...
What do you think is the difference between an ISTJ mother and an ISFJ mother (attitudes, behaviors, tendencies, etc)? I'm trying to type my mother, and these are the two types I have narrowed down...
Hi there, saerd! :happy: (I can't believe I missed your intro thread!)  Don't worry about spelling. I can understand you just fine. :laughing:  Oh, and welcome to the forum! I hope you feel...
Interesting to look at the ISTJs' thoughts about their past. :happy:    Hmmm...I would say that I was more of the opposite growing up (not completely). A few years ago, I was completely...
For right now, that J's are organized, neat freak Nazis and P's are disorganized, carefree, couch potatoes.  (I consider myself a lazy couch potato. :wink:)
If I have to pick my elements, I would have to pick air and water.
It is possible, but it must be some very incredible changes because from what I know, one has to completely subvert their whole mental self in order to change personalities (I'm a rigid believer in...
After long time thinking, I'm going to have to agree with Franny and Inebriato. Ross is an ISFJ. There is absolutely no way that he is INTJ. The first time I saw the show in freshman biology class, I...
http://i328.photobucket.com/albums/l329/artsnail/ENTP.jpg  What movie is this from?
Comments above. :wink:
Well, good sir, I don't organize anything as well. :tongue:
I get along, but I find myself getting bored sometimes.
I disassemble pens when I'm bored in class as well.  When I was a kid I disassembled pretty much anything I got my hands on let it be some power ranger toy or some other toy and never assemble...
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_gqBirDIUS48/SdgFA98K8EI/AAAAAAAAAlQ/gMz0iBN45IU/s400/angry+fucked+polar+bear.bmp  Hell yeah!
If you say Kif is ISFP, I might have to reconsider my type... :P... or not.
Leonardo. I'm ISFJ.
This is my current thinking so far (Subject to change :tongue:)  Mom-ISFJ (Could be ISTJ) Dad-ISFJ Sister-ISTJ (Could be INTJ)
...And I'm not the only one either. :tongue:
Funny. That would probably be the only main reason why I would go to church, too. Oh wait, also the community feel. I don't seem to understand the religious part.
Bender- ESTP Hermes- ESTJ? Kif-ISFJ Mom-ENTJ Zapp-ESTP? Amy-ESFP? Leela-?
Looks like I should have done this a few months back. Oh well, better late than never. :tongue:   Personal ~  *Name- I think I'll state my name at a later time. I'm a little uncomfortable with...'"


2615: 'Laughing because this is TOTALLY me! Thank you for this hahaha!
Yes! I do the exact same thing. When I'm trying to think of what to say next, I look to the side (or sometimes up). When I sit, I definitely cross my arms almost all the time. I don't really sit...
Yes. We're definitely easy prey because we tend to be emotionally vulnerable and we will absolutely sacrifice our needs to satisfy other people. I think we're somewhat unable to tell when people are...
I have a tough time taking criticism in general, but sometimes, if I am able to look at myself and realize that the criticism is probably accurate and I should work on that aspect of myself, I'm able...
I've been playing the piano for roughly 8 - 9 years and I absolutely love it! I also sing nonstop. Music is such a crucial part of my life, and I don't know where I would be without it! I definitely...
I'm an ISFJ and I love programming -- so does my ISTJ sister. Both of us are intending to go into careers as programmers. We both relish it and find it to be one of our favorite things to do. I don't...
It's really interesting to me to read all the responses here. I've tested as INFP and ESTJ, and I share a lot of characteristics with my ISTJ sister, but I'm definitely an ISFJ (with certain similar...
Ohhh yeah, this is definitely me. I go really passionately and deeply into something but that interest burns out after about a year or so.  I'm just going to quietly sit back and read through this...
-When I list things I need to get done, I need to actually buckle down and do them instead of trying to put them off because I'm not looking forward to them. -I want to become more self-confident...
I can't say it better than teddy. That's exactly what I would've said and I think it's applicable for the large majority of ISFJs.
I can't say too definitively. I tend to spend a lot of time by myself, and out of the remaining time that I spend with others, about 3/4 of that is spent with family (because I have a really good...
It depends. I used to have a lot of trust for everyone, but that trust often was betrayed. I'm definitely much more cautious about trusting people, but sometimes I instinctively fall for trusting...
Felt this exact emotion today. I feel like if I don't live up to what I'm supposed to do or what others think of me, I'm culpable and it makes me feel super guilty. Hard to overcome it sometimes,...
I recently met an ENFJ guy who I initially had the utmost respect for. (I've only known him for ~8 months.) As time passed and I got to know him better, that respect turned into, obviously (and...
Earlier today (while I wasn't at home), we had a family with a little 4-ish-year-old daughter come over to our house. My mom said that the little girl looked at the pictures of my sister and me...
I love structure and need it in my life. As soon as I get home, I make a list of things I need to do, how long it'll take to do each task, and when I'm going to be done with each task. I make sure I...
I absolutely love ENFJs. My three friends (the three I care about the most) are all ENFJs and I don't know what I'd do without them (but I'm moving away, so I don't know what I'm going to do,...
Last year, my mom got mad at me over this because it made for some really awkward social situations. I've gotten better at it, but I think I generally don't like eye contact because it makes it hard...
1. I get really irritable when I'm tired. I just want to get things done quickly and easily when I've had a long day.   2. Yeah. I hate taking things from people because it makes me feel really...
I used to call myself a 'serial deleter' because I would keep checking my posts even days after I'd written them and still delete them. I don't just do this on Facebook, I do it on Twitter, IM...
teddy564339, I think you nailed it right there. I'm not a fan of unexpected, unanticipated change, because I want everything to be planned out and predictable, but when I orchestrate the change...
I know you said change is uncomfortable for most ISFJs but I just wanted to chime in that I actually generally tend to like change. I am big on planning ahead and keeping structure and...
Hmmm yeah. I've encountered her stubbornness on many occasions, but now it's really starting to worry me as it's a physical toll on her and I don't want her to run into more severe physical...
I found out today that when I took the MBTI two years ago, I actually tested as an INFP. I went back and read through the characteristics of INFPs, and a majority of those characteristics apply to me...
Awww so awesome! I wish more people had such great relationships with their moms and appreciated them like you do. :)
My ESTJ mom has recently been having awful back and neck pain, and it's nearly paralyzing her with pain and it's hindering her daily functioning. Doctors have all told her that it has to do a great...
Hardworking.
ISTJs are some of the most hardworking, dedicated people I know. They're incredibly loyal and dependable.
:( The more I read of this, the worse and worse the situation seems. Honestly, therapy doesn't seem like the worst thing. She probably won't take to the idea, but it looks like she has really...
I was thinking about this topic just this morning (coincidentally) and I actually surprise myself with how masochistic I am. It scares me a little, because I realize I shouldn't WANT hurt and...
I'm not super conscious of wastage, but it definitely makes me feel guilty. I feel really bad about it, but I'm not -- for lack of a better term -- OCD about it. I won't freak out about making sure I...
Not all of them apply to me, but several of them do, yes. I think I tend to be a bit more on the cold, aloof side of the ISFJ in general; I'm not really interested in being BEST FRIENDS with people...
Hmm. To me, this actually sounds like it might be really low self-esteem. The I'm sorry I ever asked you to do anything sounds like a comment she'd just make on a bad day; but if you're getting...
Leaving my comfort zone scares the hell out of me. So don't worry, you're not alone! I guess I deal with it by trying my best to ignore my internal discomfort. I realize that sometimes opportunities...
I don't really know what to say. :( I'm really sorry. This situation majorly sucks. I hope things start to look up for you soon.
hehe I hope it went well! I know this worked for me - I'm really not sure if this carries over to other people. Just try to talk yourself through it, I know that definitely helped me. :)
I read somewhere, a few years ago, that your family's love doesn't count because they have to love you. Please know that this is not true WHATSOEVER. My best friend has basically fallen out with...
I'm also really shy around kids because I don't know what to do to make them feel comfortable and to entertain them. I feel like if I knew what to do around them, I would have a less awkward time...
I have definitely been this girl before and I still sometimes slip into this mentality. I think it's naturally very easy for ISFJs to fall into a depressed state because we compare ourselves to...
For me, this is really recognizable behavior. If I'm in a social situation with someone I don't know too well, and it's just the two of us, I will be pretty quiet and I won't say a whole lot because...
Try not to hang out with him for a few days. Don't see him, call him, IM him, text him, or anything like that. Immerse yourself in other pursuits and just try to get your mind off him as much as...
Yeah, I'm definitely a goofball if I'm around certain people. I get a bit quiet and serious around some people, but if I'm around close friends, I definitely laugh a lot more and I'm more...
I look for those compliments from friends and from people I'm trying to impress. But in all honesty, I'd love them if they were coming from anyone, and compliments always make me feel warmer towards...
Well...I know this is going to sound extremely narcissistic, but I tend to be self-deprecating so that other people around me will have a reason to compliment me. In another thread on the ISFJ...
elizard - no, you're not intruding at all! You're extremely welcome. :)   I think there's a similar thread going on about opening up and showing our true colors...and the truth is that it's so...
I'm literally on the verge of tears as I'm reading through this because this is my life EXACTLY and no one I know seems to understand. I've always felt more mature and serious than other people my...
It's the small things that count :) Small gestures that make your ISFJ feel appreciated. Also, talk to her and get to know her better. I think for me especially, if someone makes an effort to try to...
It's such a weird coincidence that I stumbled across this thread because I was just thinking about this yesterday. When I like somebody, that person will be on my mind a LOT and I find that whenever...
Hmm, interesting. My music tastes apparently are pretty different...   I can't pick a top 3 of my favorite songs, because there's just too many, but here are some of my all-time favorites -  ...
One of the things I do as an ISFJ is try not to enter into situations that I will later regret. I don't know if this is different between guys and girls, but I'm really cautious, especially at first....'"


2739: 'Enfp
I'm sorry but I hate Ross so much. He masquerades as some kind of nice guy who's supposed to be sweet and sensitive when really he's a chauvinistic, selfish asshole. He is the epitome of the guy...
So sorry for my late response! It's odd, but sometimes I do tend to relate to descriptions of inferior Si, such as tending to overprepare for things due to constant fear of forgetting details. ...
Thank you for your explanation! Basically I've just had trouble telling the difference between Ne and Ni as well as trying to understand Si. I am a habitual person as I mentioned and tend to settle...
Yeah, the main reason I filled this out is because I was unsure whether I was actually on the Si/Ne axis (I was INTP before) and wondered if I was in fact Ni/Se. Mind if I ask what makes you think...
I plucked different questions from different questionnaires, so this one's kind of a hodgepodge. I went ahead and put the questionnaire in a quote to hopefully make the text seem a little less...
alittlebear I know what you mean. Their Fi is endearing. Some of the best examples from Harry include firstly when he firmly rejected Draco's (somewhat) polite offer of friendship in the first book...
I found it easy to relate to the trio and get involved in their struggle, but I did notice some obvious Fe-users in the story (Cedric, Co Chang, Lily Potter) are always painted, through Harry's point...
I've always thought of the conflict between Zim and Dib as a perfect illustration of the ENTJ/INTP contrast, with Zim as the ENTJ and Dib the INTP.
Ross is definitely an Si-dom. I think he started out as a pretty clear ISFJ, but he seems more ISTJ in later seasons, especially post-Emily.  Phoebe and Chandler are unquestionably ENFP and ENTP,...
I can definitely see that regarding Pleasure Island, plus not knowing that the seemingly harmless activity in which you're engaging, which was in fact encouraged of you (from what I remember), would...
45% Visionary 41% Intellectual 14% Advocate  This test was interesting! ^^    Take your time! And yeah, not really feeling the Ti-dom. Thanks so much for your welcoming words. :) I'll...
^ 10 Minute Mail if no one wants to use their real address :proud:
That to me has always been the most unnerving. We watched an extended news feature on the BTK killer in class a few years ago; his wife and two kids never suspected a thing before he was caught. I...
I would say these factors are what bother me most when trying to sleep as well ... more intrinsic things, like my personal, physical comfort and mental energy. Outside noises don't bother me too much...
Wouldn't the main source of overstimulation, at least for an introvert, depend on their inferior function? I don't mind loud concerts or crowded functions too much - maybe only after a while - and...
Jumping in to the Disney discussion if that's alright. :)  I personally have never found Mufasa's death in TLK truly upsetting ... probably because the tone of the film is less glum overall...
I would guess:  1: Hufflepuff 2: Hufflepuff 3: Slytherin, maybe Gryffindor/Ravenclaw 4: Gryffindor, maybe Ravenclaw 5: Ravenclaw 6: Hufflepuff/Slytherin 7: Gryffindor, maybe Hufflepuff 8:...
Not very. I do make an effort to look presentable each day (no tshirts/sweats if I'm going to be out in public). However I don't bother keeping up with current trends or anything like that. I dress...
Any of the ExxJ types, they seem like they really have their life put together.  Or maybe just any of the extroverts.
Shorty Levi    Exactly. Hence inferior Fe meltdown.  The reference to Te was to illustrate that Sheldon uses Fe by contrast.
In regards to Sheldon- constantly seeking external validation from other people. Cares heavily about his image and what other people think of him. Extremely whiny and immature when he's challenged....
I think Gordon-Levitt's character uses Ni. He builds Summer up in his mind to be this ideal woman that she's not at all. He fails to see her for what she is and instead holds on steadfastly to the...
True, but it is still their money. As in, money they provide.  They may not be quality, no. But it's still providing a service.
I suppose that would depend on the individual and I guess, for some, their level of notoriety. Sure, they may not have become famous for any distinguishable talent, but do they donate to charity? Do...
When I was younger, I was convinced I was put on this Earth for some special reason, like I was supposed to have some higher purpose in life and that I was meant to usher an era of change or...
Hmm... Hmm. I don't know if this is the real problem... I think a lot of people do change the world in little ways...   Can't comment more and don't know why I responded that but... I see what...
Right now I'm going into Business Journalism and hoping to pick up an internship somewhere notable and see where it goes from there. Who knows. Really though, I would love to teach English or...
I've often thought of possibly becoming a teacher - I love giving presentations and talking about subjects that excite me. It would be wonderful to find a way to channel this into actually having an...
Eh well I think the behavior aspect of it might have been just for the benefit of the parents, which is why they may have felt the need to include it on report cards. I was a pretty irresponsible...
There's really no foundation in IQ - it doesn't measure much other than how well you can perform on IQ tests. There's no true objective way to measure intelligence - different people are simply...
In elementary school, we had separate grades for behavior/discipline and for our mastering of the material. (We didn't really have unit tests or homework grades like middle/high school students)....
We were never tested on IQ. We were given End of Grade/End of Course tests (EOGs in elementary/middle school, EOCs in high school) to determine how well we mastered the curriculum from that grade...
That was exactly the case with my brother. His 3rd grade teacher simply thought he had potential and started teaching him 4th grade math. In 4th grade he was learning 5th grade math ... and so on....
I like Rachel Tulane. It sounds pretty. For me personally, the university didn't immediately come to mind ... but I guess for some people it might.  Rachel Prime sounds like a character name in...
None of this is specific to INFP and certainly can be true for INTP.     Could be either Fi or Fe - if by not attuned to the feelings of others, you mean you are instead more attuned to your...
I don't think one's MBTI should ever truly change. Many things can mistaken for changing types:  - Over time, you learn to use and develop your lower functions (plus, everyone uses facets of...
ESFJ, ISFJ, and ESFP all seem correct for Carmen, Lena, and Bridget respectively.  I also used to think Tibby was Fi, but I can see some inferior Fe. She sometimes has this unhealthy need to fit in...
ESFJ mom ISxJ dad INTP daughter (me) ESTP brother  ISTJ maternal grandfather ENFP maternal grandmother ESFJ mom  ISTJ(?) paternal grandfather
I agree with ISFP for Beca.  Jesse strikes me as Fe. He's always looking out for Beca and her well-being and even personally calls her dad to help get her out of jail. From what I remember he...
This will probably always be my favorite song in the Disney franchise:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FW86hxENnKE      I'm such a shy and reserved person most of the time so I relate well...
This show is hilarious! Recently started watching it and just started season three, so based on what I've watched so far:  Leslie Knope: ESFJ. Leslie as ExxJ is pretty obvious; I can possibly...
All these Warriors discussions make me want to reread the series! I miss reading the books for the first time. Life was so simple when the only drama in your life was between fictional cats xD...
Isfj
Mostly Facebook just to get quick updates on RL stuff. I rarely post anything; I'll comment once in a while. I was obsessed with Tumblr when I first joined but I've started to go on less often...
INTP 6/10  I had only a few close friends, but also a TON of acquaintances. I was a member of plenty extracurriculars in my high school, plus I attended school with a lot of the same people...
INFx  Type most likely to be accepting of alleged evidence of the paranormal?
Not so sure of the accuracy of these typings, but these were the characters that immediately popped into my head when considering each type.  ISTJ - Javert from Les Miserables ISFJ - The Green...
Oswin, so sorry for taking so long to respond to you!  My Fair Lady does have a cleverness to it, especially in Higgins' dialogue and lyrics. And I would agree with what you said regarding the...
I greatly enjoy musicals from around the 40s/50s/60s, especially those of Rogers and Hammerstein, which are all very Si in nature. I love South Pacific; I've seen any production of it, but I...'"


2740: 'These are two very good reasons as to why I would drop friends as well. 1. If someone has a mental illness, it is NEVER okay to make fun of them no matter how badly they may have treated them before....
Absolutely, it is never final. We would give them another chance if they show that they will change.    It's funny, I always thought I was the one with the problem with keeping in touch with...
My best friend is an ESFJ. She does not like to show that she is warm or nurturing but it shines right through. It's cute how she thinks she can hide it. She is not as bad as she'd like to think she...
Lots of water lol. Oh and sunglasses and shorts. I live in shorts in the Spring and Summer.
This is actually very encouraging. I have to work on thinking this way.
Yes, I believe this is why people do it too. They just like to brag and show proof that they were actually there.
I know an ENFJ who does this exact thing! It's so frustrating. I'd love some insight as well.
Trying to be extroverted can be a whole nother job in itself lol
You took the words right out of my mouth. We were made introverts and extroverts for a reason. We do not have to stress ourselves out trying to be the opposite type.
If you're poor (or think you are) how do you feed yourself? How much money do you spend a week on food?  I don't think I'm poor but I also do not have the most money in the world. I spend about...
This was sooooo deep. You have me feeling guilty for things I've said to every other personality type in my past now:laughing:. I think everyone could all get on the same page if we just all took the...
Either Catfish or Spongebob. I can't remember. From one extreme to the next :laughing:
You're right. I didn't even look at it that way:tongue:.
I was thinking the same thing. hahaha
Oh em gee. That is so dangerous! I'm not a violent person but I think I would've punched that kid too.     I have been in physical fights when I was younger. People thought because I was so quiet...
Yes, what they said. hahaha. ISFJ's just want you to listen to them intentively. We don't need advice or feedback, we just want you to nod and say every once in awhile that you understand how we're...
Nothing wrong with that. I've had my childhood teddy bear Buster (since I was 9 to be exact). I recently slept without him for the first time a few months ago and almost had a panic attack. I...
Wow the second situation sounds so sad :(. I have a great relationship with my mom. We're like best friends thank God. I know every mother out there isn't perfect but as children of God, we must love...
ESFJ's seem to take on the most leadership role from what I know personally. I would say the same for INTJ's but in a different way. It's kind of like INTJ's do not set out to be a leader but they do...
Although my INFP does not lie much, when she does, she does a great job at it! Haha. I actually find it funny about some of the things she lied to me about as a kid.   Her lies are usually little...
My fellow ISFJ's in this forum did a pretty good job explaining it to you. What it all boils down to is, it is just very hard for us to open up. I mean very, very hard. Not to scare you or anything...
I think we all have days where we are a little tired of being ourselves. But you have to remember that that is the exact things that makes us unique. God placed us here on Earth for a reason.  ...
I talk with my hands  a lot. Funny thing is, I did not realize it until recently. I make videos on Youtube and when I watch myself once I am done recording, I'm like  Geez, have I always done this....
Zen Lizard Glad to be back and happy to hear from you too ;)
Zen Lizard I've been so busy with my work schedule. Things seemed to have slowed down now so, I'm back on here. Glad to see that someone noticed my absence :0)
I've been so busy with my work schedule. Things seemed to have slowed down now so, I'm back on here. Glad to see that someone noticed my absence :0)
I usually don't lie but I definitely hold back my feelings in a situations like this.
This is very true. You can't push too hard. We open up when we feel that we can really trust someone and when we know that the person is really listening to our story and not just pretending to care...
I'm at work so I do not have  a lot of time to provide details so I hope if I can't provide more in a timely matter, someone else can help. :) You may see it as if you've done so much for her just...
Can you elaborate please? Are you saying that your friends make you feel bad about pulling out of plans and you go along with them even if that means flaking on a romantic interest?
Here ya go
I'm going through something very similar. I'd love some advice on this as well.
No. Socializing usually requires going out and spending money. It also involves too much energy. I don't drink  :-P
This relationship sounds unhealthy to me unfortunately. As much as I'd like to restrict my SO from these things, I can't see myself doing this to him.
I've been told that my voice can be high pitch and squeaky. My little sister went so far as saying that my voice reminds her of a dolphin. hahahahaha I don't agree however.
She actually did want you to respond. And this isn't just an ISFJ thing it's a girl thing. She felt that if you felt the same way, you would have responded regardless of what she said. When you did...
Small talk? How about no talk at all? :-P I think I only enjoy small talk when someone is actually is genuinely interested in knowing about me. I don't initiate small talk with anyone but if I see...
Ok, so it's more about respect rather than jealously. That helps. Thanks!
Beyonce seems like an ISFJ to me. Brittany is more of an ISFP and I don't know Rihanna too well to tell. My guess would be ESTP?  Unrelated but I saw Kanye West listed as an ISFJ on another site...
Hmm very interesting match. It's funny how hard it is for us to let others know our feelings first when getting to know someone romantically.
What type is your wife?
Honestly, there is nothing that you can really do. Just make sure to be there and support her when she is stressed out. I'm happiest when following a certain routine. I don't like change. I just...
I completely agree with this. I used to think I was paranoid until I met my INFJ friend. She is paranoid with similar situations of all that you mentioned. Although I don't agree with most of her...
Do you guys get jealous easily? If so, do you show it?
1. Dependable and caring.   2. If I'm asking to hang out, never saying no when asking me to hang out and will contact you often, that means I am serious  3. I can wait as long as possible. I...
Pretty much agree with all of the other ISFJs in this thread. So just going to add a little. If important or I'm highly interested, I pay attention closely to details. If taking a test (which I find...
I can't go into specifics but I can try and help based on behaviors. The biggest difference I notice between myself and my INFJ company are that they are more up for change and that they are very...
My ENFJ started doing this too at some point. He felt that we didn't see each other enough and he said he needed more attention. So he actually made the situation worse by distancing himself. HA the...
I don't follow politics at all. I don't find it interesting even though I know it is very important. I don't like to see how it divides people and I tend to stray away from the topic when it is...
Those INTJs and their short answers. Ha gotta love em.'"


2784: 'I think in my younger days (well, I'm only still 22, but in maybe high school/early college), I used Facebook as a way to gain shallow popularity - posting status, liking stuff, posting tons of...
Someone has to be brain dead to not notice that you've been interrupted, but on the other side, I think it has a lot to do with assertiveness. Take it from my experience when I interrupt a person in...
Pulling a 2nd all nighter this week. 2 midterms and a paper to go until my 1 week spring break. I just want some sleep.
Here are my experiences with INTJs; I think a relationship honestly depends on the individual and not the type, but you can judge for yourself.  INTJ 1: My apartment mate. Overall, despite things...
Sorry to hear that bro :(  I think you need to take proactive action. Go see a psychiatrist and grab some Prozac. Taking anti-depressant to many is a sign of weakness, but don't worry about it....
So, do you iSFJ's feel comfortable sharing your living space?  - Yes  Do you tend to live alone?  - No, I live with many others, but I notice that I tend to be at home the most when others are...
Don't think I've ever mistype-d. I found old personality results from a test I took on Facebook years back in high school and apparently got ISFJ even before I knew what MBTI even was. So I'm pretty...
1. They have to do a lot to get me to dislike them. I don't think I ever had hatred for someone in my life. This person would have to be ridiculously rude, have double standards, conceited,...
Skyrim.  I used to be a heavy video gamer, but after my second year of college, I've abstained from electronic gaming in favor of other things to do. However, all I have to say... I went back...
I have an ISTP friend -- he's definitely not on par with Al Pacino. But you can tell when he's angry. Glares, silence, frown. Tendency to randomly punch a wall here and there.
I don't see how that's your fault in any way possible, in fact, I commend you for doing so much and thinking of a way to help your friend out when she's down in the dumps. Unfortunately, she was...
^ What he said. I don't know how to do that @ thing to link your name.. someone teach me? :D)  I've noticed people weren't really interested in getting to know me better, or were very reserved in...
Based on your cognitive functions, your type is most likely: Most Likely: ISFJ or Second Possibility: ESFJ or Third Possibility: INFP  Your Cognitive Functions: Introverted Sensation (Si)...
41, average
yeah, just give him your phone number, it can't hurt. I'm sure if you're a girl it's different (ie creeper asking for your #), but between guys, I think he just wants to befriend you. Which in most...
20, hitting 21 in January. I remember taking part in a similar poll long before. Back then, I chose the 13-17 range. Time flies..
Completely agree. If it's the choice between a 5-page paper and a midterm, I'd go for the paper because it'll give me all the time I need to make it perfect in order to earn a good grade, whereas...
Fairly nearsighted. I've been wearing glasses since 10; must be all those Saturday morning cartoons I watched. I'm not too sure how bad they are... I think it's -4.0/-4.0. Bad enough to the point...
One of my best friends who I've known since the beginning of college til now (3rd year-to-be), and who's been living with me for more than a year now is ISFJ. We get along pretty well, and we can...
I love this thread. I must've downloaded more than 30 images now after viewing all 5 pages. Uploading them somewhere safe now :):) I just want to rub my head back and forth along a kitty's mocha...
can I share too even if I'm not an ENTP?  NYAN NYAN NYAN - Survived 2 hours of blasting THIS while memorizing biology for an exam.
This thread needs to be sticky-ed. It's too important to be lost in archive.
tl;dr so responding to OP's question. Did make an effort to scan some other replies though.  I know a few INTJs, and they're all pretty different in the way they respond/act, but I can't see them...
Haha, that's so funny, because I'm pretty much the opposite, and you sound like my friend who I go shopping with sometimes; she would follow me around for an extra 2-3 hours after she's done.. I feel...
1. Would you ever consider going bungee jumping/skydiving?  - Bungee jumping: sure, if it just only wasn't so expensive at those amusement parks.. As for skydiving, I would like to try at least once...
My apologies if this thread doesn't quite fit the context of the subforum, but here goes:  I'm leading an ice breaker activity for a group of youths aged 12-18 this coming Sunday, and someone...
I usually fall asleep pretty quickly - usually less than 10 minutes. Sleep usually comes pretty easily for me unless I'm recovering from jetlag (which happens occasionally when I pull all-nighters...
If it's organic chemistry, pretend the molecules are talking to each other in the process of reactions. Just don't do it on the campus library. People will think you're crazy. Unless it's exam week:...
More or less I have the same feeling as the posters above. I like praise because it's a positive feedback from those I help; it tells me that they notice, they are thankful, and I'm performing the...
My good friend is an INTP. We get along very well, and amazingly too because we actually don't share a lot of the same interests.. except working out at the gym and chemistry (same major, same...
Yeah, I type with all 10 of my fingers. I think when my dad first bought a windows 98 and hooked it up with the ancient dial up back in the day, I did the hunt-and-peck until I actually learned in...
You might just have to be very explicit and tell her how you feel. Sometimes I might care for someone, but just don't really show it. I think about it and everything, but when it comes to outward...
I usually just lurk around and read what others have to say. I think what teddy said is pretty true; I have this habit of typing a reply, then realizing that it might not be worth it.. and never...
I'm in a college fellowship, which is one ministry out of many that are affiliated with a large local church near campus. The other ministries include ministering to other age groups and people who...
I hate micromanagement. Whenever I do a task, I like to focus solely on that task until it's completed. I was never one to juggle several tasks at once; whenever I have to do several things at once...
At first I thought that was hilarious.   Then I realized: if she fell forward, wouldn't she drown? She can't get back up and her face will be in the pool. She can't even roll to face up, because of...
For me, it depends on who I'm with. And sometimes what I'm doing.  - I think among my introverted friends, I'm the most extroverted. It irritates me sometimes to be hanging out with them and having...
Hello all! I was wondering if any ISFJs here are in nursing... I'm currently in college 2nd year and I was thinking of maybe switching majors. I'm currently chemical engineering; it's not bad, but I...
Hey there! From my personal experience, become friends with girls first! Shift outside the comfort zone a bit and explore, you'll end up meeting some pretty cool people from the opposite gender....
ENTPs are cool. My roommate's one. I love hanging out with him. Although I feel sometimes he is a distraction when I need to get work done.
Hmm, when strangers offend me? Yeah, I kinda get annoyed. Unless I see that they're those carefree types and what they did was unintentional. Friends? I reply in kind and we laugh it off. If it's...
Happy birthday!
Have you ever thought of becoming a nurse or pharmacist? When I was applying to college (which was just last year), I decided to go with Biochemistry, because I enjoyed chemistry, biology, and...
what did u find most difficult in school? Nothing. School from K-12 felt it was really smooth. I loved every aspect of it. Anything I disliked would probably just be something trivial; like spending...
If it's something worthwhile, I usually tell most friends I meet throughout the day. I lose track of who I tell the story to and sometimes I end up telling the same story a second time to the same...
Thanks Lady K for the great advice :) Sounds like I should start a cleaning schedule.. argh. Here in the dorms, the janitors just clean the bathrooms for us, guess that luxury is going to slip away...
So I'm moving into a suite next semester with 3 other guys. Two of them are ISFJs and one's a ISTP. Any good tips on how to deal with fellow ISFJs when you guys will be sharing the same bedroom,...
D.  Bad for liver, bad for brain, money can be better used elsewhere (like my college tuition fees..) Also I'm building muscles and doing physical training everyday, and alcohol hinders protein...
http://th05.deviantart.net/fs6/300W/i/2005/083/6/a/Halo_Ring_World_by_UncleLou.jpg  Centripetal accelerated ring in space. Simulated gravity. But obviously  smaller.
I seem to get dreams that usually revolve around things I'm worrying about. Like last night. I fell asleep trying to planning my schedule for the next 2 weeks, because I have so many midterms and...'"


2842: Thank you! I am now quite sure that i am not xNFJ and am a Si user. I am settling as ISFJ.
Hey, you gave me a great insight - to think of other people whom i find similar to me. They are definitely EFJs! Yes i definitely see myself as Ti user. I always explain myself in order to make sure...
Thanks for your input Gurpy. I don't really see myself as xSFJ type or harcore Fe user. The reason is because i am always very aware if i am not being used and if i am not giving too much. I strongly...
I never saw patriotism as a virtue. But humans, no mather how advanced, are just animals. Animals that live in communities. Every community defends animals who belong to the group. If some kind of...
0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
-
Please someone spend few minsss
2) What do you yearn for in life? Why? I am only 17 :) i couldn't imagine my life without having a nice family in the future. I still don't know what career path i should choose. I wouldnt mind...
><  say hi to eating disorders.
Social innaceptance. THAT scares me. Eding up alone, being unloved hated,not having family.
Once i learned writing id go to a shop and write down as much items prices as i could. I wanted to have a price list for my own shop or smth...
Depending what intelligence- xNTPs usually have better theoretical knowledge, but xSTJs have better practical knowledge, F types have social...   There are 7 (if i remember well) intelligences-...
Idealistics, who dont care about facts. Proves, research results? Who needs them.  If we exclude that exess idealization of theirs, they'd become my ideal. Oh well. I admire them anyways, they are...
Facts? Who cares about facts. They don't prove anything. Ohh, you tell me that all research on astrology proves only that it doesn't work? My friend is Gemini and i am Libra. We get along with each...
When i sink to ' in love' feeling and don't want to ever get out
Being unloved lol
My mom is INFP. Dad- who knows..
Neither. I think there is a bigger chance that people will read and type person if he makes information comfortable to read/ look neatly- who would like to read 3 pages long information... i...
Yay a questionnaire 1. If you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal, would animal would represent you? Crazy owl 2. Name an accomplishment that you are proud of. Once i succesfully...
It is not hard for me...
Yah, i think it makes sense too. That description kind of fits, but i still like possibilities, trying out new things, learning new things- i don't avoid these. Maybe that's because i am young too....
Socionics explain it as aristocracy dischotomy. ENFPs are included here.
Since i can remember i had social anxiety (even as young as 4 years old). I haven't even realised it myself...  Now it is so much better, i don't feel anxious all the time, but that chronic...
I have not been diagnosed (i have never been to psychologist through), but i am sure i have it.  I can't edit that post anymore... >.<   Anyways, what do you think? : )
I thought this layout would make it more pleasant to read :unsure:. Because i wrote f*ckkkk? : D  Thanks
Fi>Fe, because i care about my inner harmony more than outside harmony. I can feel calm when everybody is stressed if i want to. TI<Te. This one is tricky. I love different threories, can believe in...
Really Fe? Where? Ty :)
Young ones.
Hi. I am on mbti land forever and truelly want to know my type.  I think i am an ISTJ, would you agree?  Here is my questionnaire (promise, it is not too long)-...
(Questions are bellow)  0. 17, neutral. Please keep on reading i really want to know my type :) thank you so much for help :) 1. Yes, I Got Soaked! :) | Flickr - Photo Sharing! Fastastic ('not...
8122381224  Muahahaha
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pru9csJHYSA
I use these for meditation. Theta waves are so good.
I always had weight issues.  One day i decided to seriously lose weight. I learned about calories and sat on 1000 calorie diet for like 3 months. Went from 182 to 135 (i am 5'9). It was so easy- i...
If you have feelings you are not psychopath. They dont have feelings- they feel nothing- they are never sad, never anxious, have 0 empathy althrough they can fake emotions very well. It is not that...
Okay. I have read about types.   INTP/ ISTP was the most accurate for me. Everything +- fitted...  ISTJ/ISFJ not. I am not paranoid about situations and life in general (only about people...
@arkigos i am being honest.. that i understand people well was noticed by other people not by me. Understand through body language? sometimes i get into another person boots and check situation from...
Debaser- well there were 2 people saying i am INFJ and 3 saying that i am INFP. INFP side was less biased, they noticed Fi (pointed out that i care a lot about abused animals more than real people in...
Introduction | theory  Diatype theory is psychophysiological personality typology based on structure and workings of human brain. Because human brain and human facial forms (shape of the skull)...
Thanks for the answers :) MBTIObsessed yah, i think i am more on T side. Althrough i dont think my F is far from it.. SSAJ if i have Fe it is probably inferior or i am in niti loop..., . I am no way...
Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex, age,...
INFJ is the most NON judgemental type. They are firstly perceivers (Ni), also they have Ti plus Fe.  ESTJs project a lot...
When angry/ stressed you should become very articular and talk clear
Ech probably i am not INFJ. They want people around them to be harmonious. I am not in that stuff.  Yes i am very anxious and moody. It used to be even worse in the past. Hm i quess i am fulfitted...
Hi :) You are definelly a Se user. Love sports, nature, picture description, repect people who firmly know what they want out of life. But you hate competition, so it is not first function, probably...
Yah, maybe i am INFP. But:  -If someone purposely tries to offend me or make me down i dont get defensive. I get dissapointed because it shows that the person doesnt like me. When discussing...
Same here >.< I cant believe i will finish school next year. No pleasee.
I will write some details that may help: - I am scared of people finding me out and understanding me more than anything. I am a fcked up inside, i dont want others to know that. - I draw. Here is...
Any other thoughts?
*blush*"


2896: 'ISFP?  Type Most Likely To believe in second chances.
ESTJ  Type Most Likely To join a semi-violent riot if they believe in the cause.
1. Fi maybe, EF at least. 2. The last part says Fi to me 3. E, Fe for the first part, Te for the middle part and Fi for the last part 4. Fi, SF maybe 5. Typically Se  ESFP  --
Getting ISTP vibes.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x437n5QXCQ8
Isfj  51/80
Ti = 62 Fi = 40 Si = 70 Ni = 46 Te = 65 Se = 55 Fe = 75 Ne = 53  Fe>Si>Te>Ti>Se>Ne>Ni>Fi
1. The first image seems to me to be legally made street art in progress, which is always appreciated, because of the quality art, quality paints and uniforms. The second looks like something made...
5w6, in 592.   Those three seem to be pretty common, huh.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUmq1cpcglQ
ISFJ  - I often don't show my affection to even my inner circle. - I'm pretty lacking when it comes to keeping the house tidy. - I'm not religious - I don't always have every possible thing with...
I've always had a love for animated movies, no matter the company.  (this could've been a poll, easier to compare)
I hope I'm seen as a good friend. I usually ask my friends for their opinion when it comes to plans between us or a problem I have, and I help as much as I can without being a pushover. I think I...
FJ, answered medium. It's pretty much to the middle of my upper back, below shoulder blades.
I'd say I'm young enough to be called a girl without it being an insult, though I don't think I've ever been called that to my face. And I suppose I look quite young anyway.
I'd recommend the Dragon Age series. Origins is a tad dark but not exactly scary, 2 is heavy on character development and Inquisition is just plain beautiful. They're all really story-heavy, though....
I used to think I was ISTP or INTP until I realized I was manipulating the results to point to those two. But I don't seem to have much Se or intuition in general so I very much settled with ISFJ.
They get me a bit worried more than anything. I mean, do what you want as long as I don't have to stand in the smoke, but it's seriously unhealthy and if you're a chef or something similar it's...
I see what you did there. Picked green - dark green.
IxFJ, probably ISFJ, asexual and aromantic, so just A
They don't really look that white to me. Black all the way.
I more or less realized some time ago that I may be an ISFJ, so I did extensive research and lately started considering if I could be INFJ instead. The types don't seem to have many noticeable...
1. Not sure, NT maybe 2. Te-Fi 3. IxxJ 4. Low Fi 5. Sounds FJ  INTJ, maybe  --
1. Sounds Si/Ni 2. Very P, low Fe 3. Se 4. Not sure, honestly. 5. Fi?  ESxP  --
1. xFxJ? 2. P 3. Developed Ne, perhaps 4. N 5. Te  INTP?  --
1. F, latter half says Fe 2. Si 3. not sure, Ne perhaps 4. Bringing that up makes me think of Fe 5. Si  How 'bout ESFJ?  --
ISFJ, (probably.)  My friends are INTJ and INFP.
It seems like I can step in... right?  1. When I'm irritated I tend to go somewhere I can be by myself, but if I can't I'll be rather cynical and blunt and reject most plans other people present to...
1. N, Ni perhaps 2. Ti 3. Si-Ne 4. F, Fe maybe 5. Depends on why it makes you feel anxious, Fe.  ISFJ, perhaps  --
20
49% ISFJ 13% ISTJ 12% ESFJ 6% ESTJ 5%  INTJ  Ouch.
24?
INFJ  1. I'd say that's Si, together with Ti. Deeper understanding and all that. 2. Fe. 3. Ne/Ni 4. Si or Ni 5. Ni, probably  (I haven't done this in months, sorry)
Result: ENFJ
INTJ I'd say, speaking from experience I suppose.  --  1. I tend to have a hard time figuring out if something in an MBTI test applies to me or not, as I need something concrete to base it on....
I've been away for months, now this works again. Finally.
narcissistic  I'm late for the party, aren't I.  Congratulations, luv. How'd you change your post rank? Custom User Title:, right?
It would appear to be working but only if I have the Facebook cookies blocked.
ESTJ   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgOXGf6Pzzo
It keeps coming back, constantly. I have this thread bookmarked, it works most of the time but I can't do anything else until I clear my cookies.  I cleared my history and cookies which caused me...
I wasn't, which is why it's odd. It seems to be working again. Don't know how long it'll last.
I've been having this problem the past couple of days. Getting on the main site works fine, though it takes longer than usual, and clicking 'Forum' or trying to log in result in this:  567762  It...'"


2913: 'Peace and no more fucked up feelings.
Mr. Meepers, awww, that is possibly the sweetest post I've ever seen here.
Someone to watch a movie with me. Preferably someone who will put their arm around me and generally be awesome.
I want him to want me. MAYBE HE DOES.  Also don't want to be sick.   Oh, God, I feel for you... :sad:
Like I mentioned earlier, I prefer that kind of honesty, even though I might take it personal initially sometimes if what you say seems harsh. But it seems to differ between different ISFJs. I'd...
Yeah, I guess it depends on how you define it. But the example he gave was something I'd be able to handle. :)
I don't agree with you on this. At least not in this situation. I don't like every friendship to be like this, but I absolutely need a friend or two who will call me out on my bullshit and tell me...
I'm thinking about cake. Blackberry cake and those damn delicious looking blueberry meringue things in the café at the museum I work at. Have to watch them all day...
If you believe things aren't great with her boyfriend, all I can say is, be the best person you can be. Give her the possibilty to realise that she might be better off without the guy. It can be hard...
An ISFJ can leave their partner for another person. I did once. However, the other person wasn't the only reason for me leaving my current boyfriend, he was more of a catalyst. I doubt an ISFJ will...
I was gonna say this, but then I saw that you had already said it!  I'd definitely pick 7, and I'm norwegian. :)
Hardly sounds like ISFJ behaviour at all, are you sure about her type? I've never met an ISFJ who was that inconsiderate of people's feelings, and rarely heard of ISFJs who threw temper tantrums...
I loved it!! I was so afraid for one moment when Quill began his heroic speech after saving Gamora, but no, that was also hilarious.  Good observation about Thanos, though. I'd need to rewatch it...
Yay, saxophone! How long have you been playing, and what kind of music do you play?   I study for a bachelor's degree in classical saxophone. I also play the piano and the violin (mostly folk music...
If there were objective standards to maturity, there would have to be objective standards to personalities. That being said, I don't view maturity in itself as bullshit. Learning to know yourself and...
I get along with ENTPs quite well in real life. Never had the impression they viewed me as simple. We usually have great discussions, where both parties can say what they mean without worrying about...
Is Thanos xNTJ just because he's evil? :P we only heard him speak for about ten seconds...  I can agree with Rocket being ESTJ! He's all about his plans. Other than that I haven't thought much...
I actually considered voting ISTJ, because the two ISTJs I know both come off as very sweet. I'm a little surprised more people haven't voted for them. They're cuddly (yes, they are! Both of them!),...
Agree with a lot of the logic your post, but you don't have to be an iNtuitive to identify with the traits ascribed to Ravenclaw!
This is well done. I wonder, though, how much correlation there actually is. What house you end up in ultimately depends on your own choice, meaning it has more to do with values than functions. Now,...
I rarely speak in absolutes, but I'm inclined to agree for the most part. I always want to believe the best of everyone, so I will always want to forgive if it's possible. This means that when I...
I liked most of your post, teddy564339, so I feel like commenting on a few things!   Yep. Reading this thread I get the feeling that a lot of the people who claim that they understand SJs don't...
How ISFJ of you. :tongue:
Oh God, I know. If there's no particular reason for it happening, and you never get true closure... That really sucks. I mean, sometimes friendships fade naturally, but when you want to keep going...
The conclusion is the same for me; I will stop initiating contact. However, I really, really do not take the matter of losing a friend lightly. I will try to talk things over, even though I hate...
Oh, the subtle ISTJ avoidance... Please just tell them, I've been subtly avoided by an ISTJ once, and it fucked me up. :P  What am I thinking about? How unfortunate that I should meet the best ENTP...
Shut the fuck up, snoring cousin I have to share a room with for three days, I'm trying to sleep!!  (Though I miiight be thinking it...)
Haha! Silly puns are the best. :D
I'm intrigued by how much a non-SJ wants to convince the rest of the world that SJs are this and that.
That paragraph was actually to explain why an SJ would talk about laundry detergent. It wasn't about laundry detergent per se. Should also be noted I don't spend my whole day talking about stuff like...
Oh, by the way. For the record, if I was to discuss laundry detergent, it would probably be to recommend something I've discovered that works well or something. Laundry detergent isn't the best...
This is better. However, I still don't agree that SJs are simple and plain, even if you don't mean it in a condescending way. Si is very much a complex function, though extremely different from Ni....
Said the person who just stated that intuitives are more special than sensors.
Sorry, you've got it all wrong if you think SJs are content to remain as they are. Sorry. That's just... not me or any other SJ I know or have ever met. Being an SJ does not mean dimwittedly...
I don't care how you feel about this.
I'm not extremely versed in enneagram and haven't pinned down my type yet, but I repeatedly score 4(w5) in tests either as dominant type or as number two in the tritype. Not sure it's actually my...
Yeah, I kind of agree. I'm not against LDRs, but if I'm in one I will want to meet the guy as often as possible. If the distance is too great for that, if we cannot meet at least once a month (in my...
Personally, I fall in love with the person, not the circumstances, at least to a certain extent. I'm open to long distance if I meet a person who's worth it, though I obviously would prefer to meet...
1. Would you ever consider going bungee jumping/skydiving?  Maybe bungee jumping, if the opportunity presented itself to me, but I don't see myself actively seeking it out... Skydiving, I don't...
My immediate thought was that you must have had that profile for a long time with a username like that. And I was right! :tongue:  I'm into rock, pop, classical, folk and soundtrack, including:...
I'm perfectly aware of that, as I said in my previous post. But there are limits to everything. My impression is that OP's mother crosses the line in her expectations.  As for being around people...
What you need to understand is that not everyone is like you. You talk about how MBTI is for personal growth, but it's also a great tool for understanding how other people are different from you. I...
No problem, you didn't hurt me. :) I just felt the need to point it out, because the way you phrased yourself it could be interpreted that way.  I can understand why you would feel guilty about a...
I would certainly appreciate if you stopped saying that she's 'SO S OMG' as if that is what makes her a bad person. It is not. Her being very S may well be a reason for some difficulties in...
I know, and I laughed! :P
Wait, what?
google search history
I wonder how some people can have such extremely strong reluctance against long-distance relationships. It's as if they fall in love with the circumstances, not the person.
I'm fascinated by INTJs, I lurk in your forums every now and then. I just don't post here. :P
I don't think they are. I love cuddling, kissing, holding hands... I do need my alone time, if there is a lot of cuddling in a short amount of time (like spending a weekend with a boyfriend) I will...'"


2925: 'Structure is fine, but not too much. I like having clear objectives of the various things that need doing and then being left to my own devices to figure out how I should accomplish everything. Set...
01. A tortoise. Slow, steady, thoughtful, thick-skin and in it for the long haul. 02. Losing weight (down 57 pounds and am no longer considered overweight or obese). 03. I love reading, writing...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzAGZT_XTAk
High school it is then.
If I'm attending college but haven't graduated yet should I just vote for the degree I'm currently pursuing?
I don't think I've ever had a romantic dream, or if I have, I certainly don't remember it. :unsure:
A teleportation device. For moving back in to college.
I've always gotten good grades, but I've never felt particularly motivated to do well unless I was interested in the subject material.
Stop worrying about it. There is plenty of time before your date (at least at time of OP's post). Unless something has changed between now and last night, or you need information from her that's...
I'll let loose if I'm with a small group of friends (keyword: small, otherwise I get a bit overwhelmed even if I like everyone that I'm with) or if I'm at a basketball game.
Since this is PerC, and we all seem to love taking personality tests, you might try taking a career inventory test if you haven't already. Maybe nothing will come of it, or maybe you'll get a...
http://personalitycafe.com/customavatars/avatar19813_8.gif  Couldn't resist. :wink:
The Illusionist
I would go with the Effective Writing course. Being a proficient writer will help you in every class you take and in any career you pursue. Even if you already think that you're a good writer, there...
I've only had it for a few weeks, but it's super fun and easy to play. Occasionally there is some awkward finger-work when playing really high or really low notes, but other than that it's pretty...
1. To go back to school. It's getting really boring at home. 2. Specialized television channels for each individual Olympic sport, without commercials and terrible commentators.
I'm not a musician, but I play an ocarina for fun. Here's what it looks like, for those of you who don't know what I'm talking about:  43559
I am going to school for digital media (video production & editing, radio production, web design) and creative writing. Honestly, I have no clue what I want to do when I graduate. Editing video or...
Lola Rennt (German) - Action film starring a young woman named Lola who must find a way to get 100,000 Deutschmarks in order to stop her boyfriend. The story itself is fairly short, but the film...
Mine falls into the 'other' category. I am majoring in Digital Media, which involves video and audio production as well as web design.
I used to test consistently as INFJ, but that seems to have changed over the past 6 months or so.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwhbcdbkeXY
I'm feeling fucking awesome, thanks for asking.  http://i.imgur.com/vC5aK.png
I've been working out pretty regularly this year. At first it was difficult to get myself up and over to the gym, but now that I'm in better shape (lost ~25 lbs and went from barely being able to run...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwhbcdbkeXY  This is the song I listen to when I'm sad or depressed and just want to absolutely hit rock bottom.
Not a clue; I've never been in that situation.
At first I'll probably be a bit tense, but as I talk to someone I like and grow more comfortable around her I'll loosen up and be a bit playful. I won't be able to help myself from having a big,...
Next Fall:  Media Production Multi-Media & Web Design Communication Law & Ethics Poetry Writing Christians in Nazi Germany
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqkaGUKJNNg
I've only gotten that angry once.   I was a sophomore in high school getting bullied on the school bus on the way home. After the 20 minute ride I stood up to get off the bus and a kid tried to...
My father is a full 19 years younger than his oldest sister, who had a child the same year that he was born. The closest sibling to him in terms of age is about 9-10 years older than he is. As far as...
Indiana, United States.
Today's lesson is that taking action makes things happen much faster than sitting around, over-analyzing and worrying.
I consider myself a libertarian.
A bit of courage would be great.  Or a chocolate donut. Either one would be alright.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcyUBsQ8m0c  Edisun - Ready to Believe (they accidentally misspelled the band's name in the video -.-)
I know for sure that he is an extrovert, but beyond that I'm not very good at typing people.  Honestly I'm not even sure why we ever became friends as we have very little in common. We just enjoy...
No, I don't drink and I've never been drunk.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VgLKXD-BoY
One Piece Soul Eater Hunter X Hunter - Written by the same man who wrote Yu Yu Hakasho D. Gray-Man Cowboy Bebop Trigun Rurouni Kenshin Fairy Tail  All of them are good, my favorites being...
1. When people touch my computer or television screen and get smudges on it.  2. When people use those hands-free headsets for their cell phones. I can never tell when they're talking to me or...
http://i39.tinypic.com/ettkd4.png
Normally I am pretty patient, but it eventually wears me down until I become irritable. Waiting in my dorm's laundry room is the worst. When it's busy, people ought to make sure that they are there...
Nobody knows for sure what is the best fit for you individually, but if I were you I would look into English literature programs. If you were to pursue it, you would spend a lot of time reading...
Unexpected puns.
Fiction - -1984 by George Orwell -The Name of the Wind and The Wise Man's Fear by Patrick Rothfuss -The Dresden Files by Jim Butcher -Talon of the Silver Hawk by Raymond E. Feist -Chronicles of...
Sounds like a crock of shit.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5Jr4xIc-Zs  Discovered Alex Clare recently and I love his voice.
If you have 40 minutes of free time, this lecture video might be of interest.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ginQNMiRu2w
No, I've never been told that I'm scary or intimidating, but I'm not convinced that it means much. If I were intimidated by someone, the last thing I would do is go up to them and say, Hey, you...'"


2930: 'I've been feeling a major void in my life for a while now, constantly feel like I'm searching. I love to learn new things and delve into them hardcore. Started with nutrition and fitness and became a...
Personally, although I'm always kind to anyone, I reserve my disgustingly seeet side for those closest to me. It takes too much energy for me to do all the things you mentioned for everyone. I make...
I'm in love with one - we actually moved to CO together on a bit of a whim. He loves my gentle, sweet nature and I love his optimistic spazziness. He adds excitement to my life, and I ground him....
Thanks for the suggestion! I actually signed up in Meetup, but somehow can't get myself to go. I've reached a pretty deep depression with not listening to my Si (and instead going straight Ne) by not...
I think you've caught yourself a sweet isfj. I was/am like this with my entp bf. Answers above. But it sounds like he could also be infp ... what do I know ... Anyway, isfjs are your dual, so it...
What would be the perfect gift from your partner? I'm assuming something involving quality time and adventure, or perhaps something practical to nurture your Si (;)).... but am curious for a larger...
ISFJs?   As a side, I love you guys and admire your use of Se/Ti ... it's quite attractive.
And a more serious version of this isfj ... likely minus coffee. ;p
after getting coffee in me .... it really makes most things better! ;)
Just moved to Boulder, CO and want to make new friends. I always get along with ESTPs. Where can I find you guys outside of this forum. Anyone here? ;)
To Boulder, CO ... away from friends and family. I've got my ENTP boyfriend, which is great ... but my Fe is craving some brief social interactions and maybe 1-3 deeper friendships. How do you handle...
Dear ESFJ,  You da' best mamma ever. I wish you weren't so insecure. Everyone loves you, I wish you'd see that. Sorry for any hurt I've provided you with, I wish I could take it all back. I love...
Dear INTP,  I was being a typical Fe user and thought you weren't the nicest person when I first met you in high school. Now we're best friends after over a decade and I can't imagine a better one....
Dear ENTP,  Your love is the best. You make me laugh 24/7; I admire your hilarious wit - you see what's not there. I love how you see positive opportunity in everything, exploring every little...
Wow ... can you tell I have a boner for ENTPs? Ahhh that sounded obsessive.
1. Unfortunately I can relate to this one.  2. .... and this one ... but maybe it's just a me being lazy person thing and not an isfj thing.  3. I relate to this, but have a hard time being okay...
Thanks! I find you istps and estps to be sooper sexy .... pretty sure it's that Ti/Se combo. Love the confidence Ti brings along with the fluidity and assertiveness of Se real world facts, emersing...
You guys can get away with saying potentially offensive things that, if others said, they'd likely be scorned for. It's likely filtering your Ne/Ti through Fe in which (hopefully most) people can see...
2 weeks was enough for my Si to clean up and reflect on (still in the midst of doing so) .... Ne in burts is where it's at for me. But I admire it and enjoy observing it in action, especially the...
Your modesty is what I love most. <3
Yep! :D
Just strolling in to thank you for opening my world to Ne crazy. If it weren't for your enticing (reversed) stacking, I likely wouldn't have moved across the states to Colorado on a whim, be homeless...
How do you deal with indecision when there are so many options? I'm assuming it's an inferior Ne problem. I feel like I can never get enough information to make the right big life decisions .... and...
Van Lady, Personally I've seen a mix of female/male relationships mixed between the male and female being I/E. I can say from experience, I prefer an extrovert in my relationships (I being the...
Like teddy564339, my best friend of over a decade is also an INTP. When I first met her I was an immature, underdeveloped 15 year old, and was offended by her and how straight-forward/outspoken she...
Sexy ENTPs - what are your thoughts on your inverted type, ISFJs? Romantically? Friendships? Generally?   Do you find intrigue? Annoyance? Attraction?
My mother is an ESFJ. Between knowing here so well, and knowing what I do know of myself - this doesn't ring true for me. I internalize way too much prior to making a move or speaking. I'm actually...
Thanks,  wolvent42! YOUR videos are incredible - someday I'll let loose like you. ;)
You, m'dear, are just lovely! :D
Rebecca.M  In regards to INFJ's making videos to help others - I truly want to do this, however, feel the need to pinpoint my exact type before I can help anyone else. Similar to the idea of being...
Mistakenforastranger Copy and past the link - I think he accidentally linked to the wrong page. ;)
Agree with you on this - I'm much MUCH more warm, almost slightly flamboyant when around others - I definitely need others' presence to turn on this switch. When I'm alone, it really isn't there.
Hey sexy PerC goers! Thought I'd broaden my range of input. Peg my type? Information and videos within this thread: http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/846906-am-i-infj.html  Thanks!...
Also, posting this video to comb through the IXFJ idea of the inferior and dominant. :P   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13t_G_CE70A
SiFan  Had a chance to look at all the INFJ descriptions. I find parts of both ISFJ and INFJ descriptions fit. Definitely the human-side of the descriptions. I understand we all use every function...
Thanks for the feedback! I'm soooo psyched about Colorado and skiing is definitely on the list! :D
I would say all of this is dependent. I speak quickly and in more detailed when I feel knowledgeable on the subject. Other times I need more time to process. Definitely focused on my external...
SiFan  Awh shucks! Thanks for putting me in the best presenters category (even though I don't see it, I'll take it)! ;)  Here are my results:  529218  Interesting, if you actually order my...
Thanks, always nice to find common ground! :)
Thanks for the feedback! I took this particular test and came with ISFJ, next in line INFJ. :)
To clarify on the stagnant statement, I meant I tend to get so inside my head that I don't make progress on the things in which I need to be doing in the external physical world to progress in life...
Vunar Thanks for taking the time to look at my previous posts. I posted a general reply to everyone within this thread via video, and but to reiterate, it's unlike me to put myself out there in...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z30y9PZlKhI  Video capturing a few pieces of what some of you guys commented on. Also forgot to mention in regards to a couple comments mentioning INFJs aren't the...
and confusedasheck We iz so sexy! ;)
.... that was insightful! Considering your response, likely another direct no response, but care to share the reasoning behind your response?
Hey lovely INFJs! I'm trying to figure out where I belong within MBTI. Originally posted this in the ISFJ introduction thread, but thought it may be helpful to get some INFJ thoughts. Care to provide...
Appreciate the feedback. Interesting to get an outsiders view. After reading Drunk Parrot's guess, I think he's onto something. I do find I relate more to Fe versus Fi, and perhaps the idea in which...
^.^ Just taken with crazy lion hair. 524506  But I'm on the IS/NFJ and maybe even INFP cusp. Rawr. Who am I?! :P
Being a rebel and made a video introduction instead.:cool: Feedback welcomed. Be gentle? ;)    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSbnLAyQ9mI  *Edit: Sorry for the durp face of the video thumbnail...
That sounds exhausting ... yet entertaining. ;)'"


2955: i always get called naive... i want people to not think that theyre not a part of this world.
just because i dont express it the same way as you doesnt mean i dont care about it.
INFP and mostly phlegmatic and then melancholy so it goes with the theory
When someone acts like they care for me, so I've opened up to them but then they actually didn't. 183850
Never mind about the descriptions. I'm dumb. And I might mix Fe with Ne.
Fried Eggz That one doesn't but I looked at that site and the description that I most related to: Socionics Types: EII-INFj  I'm confused with MBTI then because if the descriptions of type that I...
Do you see INFP in me? I ask because I wonder if I see myself clearly
Post #8 1) Fe Is the way that I am so concerned with being out of other people's ways mean that I'm focused externally? 2) Fe 3) Si 4) Si 5) -- 6) -- 7) Se 8) Si
Would you see me display Fe rather than Fi?
1. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type? I think I'm just not as familiar with the functions as I could be and I feel like I'm mistyping myself. I'm unsure because I do...
I would leave and I'd dance and make myself laugh. I struggle with it a lot. I guess I run away from them but really I'm not seeing any use in them so I will go towards what I do see use in.
The world is so big but I don't know what to do I am nothing really I went over there I went over here And my body's slowly falling Bury me dead won't you try I beg you don't leave me alone...
Melancholic  52% Sanguine, 13% Choleric, 75% Melancholic and 31% Phlegmatic!A person who is a thoughtful ponderer has a*melancholic*disposition. Often very considerate and get rather worried when...
Melancholy Plegmatic  14 Sanguine, 50 Melancholy, 0 Choleric, 71 PhlegmaticHail to you who is Melancholy PhlegmaticThe stability and foresight to stay straight on the course.The eye for detail...
ENFJ 649 (6w7 4w3 9w8) so/sx: caretaker/spiritual/creative 177746
Personality type: ENFJ Favorite Harry Potter character: Harry
an absurd man I get ExTP vibes ? ENTP ?
INFJ ?  Rei 171258  James 171266  Blair 171274
I love thinking of names I like... Boy: Alexander, Sawyer, Jacob Girl: Amanda, Mary, Victoria
Will Keller from The Luxe
I like Tracy Chapman lyrics
It wasn't my fault
It's probably not a valid opinion because I'm probably biased, I'm an ENFJ and I really relate to Elsa so I think my brain is tricking me :/ but this is what it's making me think..  She seems...
You are most likely a type*6.Taking wings into account, you seem to be a*6w5.  Type 6*- 13 Type 9*- 9 Type 5*- 9 Type 4*- 7.7 Type 2*- 7 Type 7*- 4.7  Wing 6w5 - 17.5
164258
http://youtu.be/13OiNFPINKc   http://youtu.be/v78Jmrb1hPY
A bird that flies with flocks because they can fly alone while knowing that whenever they'll always have the choice to fly with a flock if they come across one.  ENFJ
ESFP and ESTP
http://youtu.be/EjDfwD7MyBs
I'm sorry I'm here no where do I go Big fat poop face slut Brown bug toilets for eyes Use my eyes Use my brains If i had any Big and bad Sick No I'm just sad Big bad world so good and...
(>-_-)> ENFJ 4w3
163938 Ania Tomicka  Because it's the girl before they're jaded
The Poky Little Puppy Stinky Cheese Man
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AhKO4NXJA4&feature  Come Pick Me Up The Shadowlands
Duke Sam ISTJ ?    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52iW3lcpK5M
Tokyo Babylon
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcmalrmv6UM
ENFJ May Taurus
I think maybe ESFP. She reminds me a lot of someone who I think is ESFP.
One Tree Hill
Blair from Gossip Girl how she tries too hard and is dramatic
And My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy
Jennifer Lopez - This Is Me... Then Tamia - Tamia Ricky Martin - Ricky Martin Shania Twain - Come On Over Rihanna - Rated R
Bambi, Winnie the Pooh, Beauty and the Beast
Ravenclaw
I don't know how to know if I'm actually an HSP but I am highly sensitive. I'm an ENFJ. I guess it would be common for me.
Isfp
Elsa ENFJ Anna ESFP Kristoff ISTJ
Kim ISFJ Khloe ENFJ Kourtney ? Scott ISFP Kris ESTJ"


2990: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsAgmnEKV10  :happy:
I'm currently reading The Consolations of Philosophy by Alain de Botton, and I'm liking so far.  The book, in a nutshell, is a quick romp through a half-dozen philosophers, from Socrates to...
For me, what I do when I feel demotivated is attempt to break my big dreams into small goals. I tackle one task everyday, even though I do not feel like doing it. And even if it kills me, what I try...
Such a dreamy, lovely song. It makes me feel something so familiar to me, known for many years and I don't know what it is.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TETVNH3k8Ag  Note, the music video...
I apologize in advance to anybody who is religious, but this has to be a favourite piece of mine when it comes to stand-up. I would even classify myself as religious to a degree, however.  ...
I don't get the music video, but I don't mind the song as it's pleasant to listen to. I can tolerate Psy Trance as I dance to it every now and then, so it was decent in my books.  ...
I feel there is powerful force created within when I allow myself to tap into the energy of desire; needing and wanting more.  The force created, most of the time, provides me with the energy and...
For me, peace is an inner feeling of well-being.  It represents a state of contentment created through successful conflict resolution, as well as satisfaction provided by the positive feelings I...
You can't go wrong with Hans Zimmer, beautiful piece.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOSDynBCiXw  :happy:
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum, a trip down memory lane.   :proud:
Sounds melancholic, yet also mysterious. The musician, however, sure has a lot of skill to make the notes blend so seamlessly like that.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkVPQ1wV8Rg  Note, the...
Beautiful voice, the end of the song is fantastic.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udrDshXdC4Q  :happy:
An EP called The Story by FIVEFOLD, a rock band from St. Louis, Missouri.   https://soundcloud.com/fivefold/sets/fivefold-the-story  :kitteh:
Below me is a compilation of quotes from a particular person that has inspired me one way or another throughout my life, enjoy.  C. JoyBell C.  x93You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and...
I'm sure I'm not alone, but every now and then, an inner critic in me awakens. That little voice in my head that is being opinionated, judging my appearance, and scolding my short-comings. That inner...
Thanks a lot again, and the self-criticism is definitely something that I've been working on minimizing, step by step, for years now.  Confidence is something I've also been working on, and I've...
You weren't too harsh, it's okay. Thank you for taking the time to shed some light on what I thought, or what I once thought now that I actually go through what I typed. It means a lot, and I'm glad...
Truthfully, what I would like, sooner rather than later, is a girlfriend.  I'm not desperate, but I haven't been in a relationship for four years, and even that only lasted for three months. I'll...
Good flow, maybe all is not lost for British Hip-Hop.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35Z7JkCs0Gs  :happy:
I didn't know Olivia Dunham sung like that, wow.  Jokes aside, that wasn't bad. The song had lot of energy, as well as gutsy vocals.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dKYs_j4J0k  :happy:
Do you glance at the end of the chapter or even the end of the book?  I don't, no.  Do you read it in small chunks throughout the week or intensely for hours and end up finishing the whole thing...
Usher, is that you?  But in all seriousness, lovely song. True love is hard enough to find these days, unfortunately. And there are pains of many types that come from being in love, and this song...
Oh boy, where do I start. I'll just list my Top 15 for now, off the top of my head. Chances are that I'll have films I can't remember pop into my head later on, but here's an example.  A Walk to...
Mali Mali  New Zealand indie band Mali Mali, inspired by Bon Iver. Intelligent lyrics, raw emotion.  :kitteh:
I've got two, here they are.  Mainstream Music I'm not the biggest of fans when it comes to mainstream music, and I'm probably not the only one, but the majority of it is terrible. Of course all...
In my opinion, love is the law of life itself.  It is one of, if not, the most sublime actions that a human being is capable of. Love can accompany all, if not, most our fundamental actions. If we...
She laid on the bed, and looked at the ceiling. The chandelier above, enlivening the interior, spreading into a whole spectrum of colour. She used to dream, when apprehensive, about escaping her...
I'm currently reading Breakfast at Tiffany's by Truman Capote and so far, it's quite good and I'm liking it so far. I definitely enjoyed the film and love Audrey Hepburn, so I went ahead and bought...
I was browsing through the literary fiction section at the bookstore this morning before class, and I had a fellow classmate greet me from the opposite side of the shelf I was skimming over. I then...
Not bad, just currently listening to music and attempting to finish my assignments that are due in at least three weeks. On the side note, my day was adequate.   I went to TAFE, a training and...
Absolutely, that would definitely do the trick.  *Big, long internet-sized hugs right back to Mr. Meepers*  :proud:
Honestly, all I want as of right now is a good, long hug. Not that I'm down in the dumps or anything, but I'm just in want of some solidarity. Mainly because apart from my mother and sister, the only...
Good morning, afternoon, or evening to all!  So, my mother and I were having coffee at a bookshop this afternoon and we started talking about who our favourite authors were. After a couple of...
I watched Annie Hall, directed by and starring Woody Allen for those who don't know, for the first time on Sunday. Considering that I have seen five of his other films (Blue Jasmine, Magic in the...
Agreed, but I've had the unfortunate privilege of meeting a number of ego-driven, self-centered maniacs over time. Same goes for people who abuse both animals and children, it's heartbreaking.  ...
Yes, yes I do.   I was born and raised in Sydney, my mother being from there as well and my father hailing from New Zealand. I also have ancestors and relatives from England, France, Ireland and...
I believe that we are all one and nobody is better than anybody else  I cannot respect or tolerate anybody who is cruel to either animals or children  I do not support war in any shape or form  ...
I'm currently reading The Visitor by Lee Child, the fourth installment of the Jack Reacher series.  :happy:
I'm listening to the playlist J.S. Bach - The English Suites - Andras Schiff, a work of art to say the least. I listen to classical music every now and then, but today was an exception as I've been...
I'm grooving to the playlist J.S. Bach - The English Suites - Andras Schiff, a work of art to say the least. I listen to classical music every now and then, but today was an exception as I've been...
Good morning, afternoon, or evening PersonalityCafe!  Personal ~  Name / What do you prefer to be called?  Harrison, but you can call me H.G.S. or H. for short.  Any nicknames?  Harry, but...
Allow me to introduce myself,  My name is Harrison, but you can call me H.G.S. or H. for short. I'm a 19-year-old student from Sydney, Australia and as cliché as this may sound, what I strive for...'"


2994: 'People are always asking me, what's wrong? *chuckles* I didn't know it could possibly be an ISFJ thing.
Estj   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
ISFJ. :)   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
INTJ, though I'm probably completely wrong.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSLb0Ov-jHU
I have two sisters. One is ENFJ and the other is INFP. I'm close to both, and being the middle child, I help close the gap between them.
It's kinda been the same for me. My sister was an alcoholic. I saw the results of such and decided it wasn't something for me. So, no, I've never been drunk.
I like it when when people are direct with asking me out. Not that I can't do it myself, but it does something for me when someone I like is direct with asking me out. :)
Puns. Lame puns that are so bad that it's hilarious. I enjoy witty banter. I love silliness. Also, when someone laughs, it makes me laugh.
Because he's an INTP and I find intelligence attractive.    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
IxTJ   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Well, it depends on your definition of mature.  I deal with conflicts by either playing the mediator, or completely staying away from the drama. I hate conflict and I don't wish to be a part of it. ...
Yep, absolute. I have a horrible memory. I know one description of ISFJ is great memory for details. That isn't me at all. I need to write things down all the time.
Because he's witty. Or she!
INFP, based on avatar.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Yes, I have a bucket list, but also learn to appreciate day by day.  I like responsibility, don't get me wrong. But... Sometimes people will load me down with more than I can handle. I want to take...
I want to experience all that I can before I die.   I want to accomplish internal happiness that isn't weighed down by responsibilities and expectations.  My purpose in life is to achieve...
I do become energized by group discussions if it's something I'm interested in.  And I can definitely understand that. Humans are difficult creatures.    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
That makes a lot of sense to me. :) Maybe it's just a trait of me, or maybe my MBTI, but I'm very people oriented. I love meeting people who are also the curious type. Their curiosity inspires mine,...
Wow! I'm the EXACT way. You really described my curiosity. I'm very interpersonal, and I love to know what makes a person tick. Romantic interest takes my curiosity to a whole other level. They're...
My first relationship was in my early 20s, which may be strange to some. I was never interested in having a relationship before that. I had a bad upbringing that made me lose faith in relationships....
I would say in order:  Pride Lust Gluttony Envy Wrath Sloth Greed
I feel kinda weird in some ways. My type never changed that radically growing up. I was an ISFJ child, as a teen I was ISTJ, and now I'm ISFJ again. I've never radically changed if you count the...
Well, I don't engage trolls, but I can safely say that I follow things, not necessarily good for me, just to satisfy my curiosity. I'm like this in so many aspects of my life. Relationships, too. I...
I would like to say it's an personal trait that some have, but are there other ISFJs who experience curiosity to this level? I'm perpetually curious about everything. What is this thing? What makes...
An imaginary one in my head.  But seriously, I would love to have one. I'm pretty sure I sighed out loud at the pictures.    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
26/8 Those on the 26/8 life path are here to work through issues of perfectionism, money, power, and recognition, sharing their abundance in alignment with their highest vision and ideals, in the...
Not helpful, but I can't imagine taking someone for their money. And if I were with someone who had money, I sure as heck wouldn't want their money when we broke up. I'm too proud for that. I'd...
9 hours.    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I think I'll steal this plan. You know, of the impossible happened and I won the lottery. I could buy stocks in toilet paper. Anyone buys it. [emoji23]   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Pay off my bills. Pay off my parents' bills. I would build a house. Buy my parents a nice house. Travel! Buy stock so I can keep on making money.    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I'm not easily bored. I always have a way to entertain myself. I do a lot on the internet, but if I were to lose that... [emoji848] hmm, read a book I like. Sew. Take a walk through the woods, or...
I couldn't have said it better. This is exactly right. As an introvert, I love listening to others. I'm not the greatest conversationalist, and so it helps if the other leads. Generally, I like to...
Having the morning off work.    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
ISFJ - peridot.    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Exactly. I couldn't express my opinion better. The things I say are true, but not everything I think needs to be said. I'm kind, but I'm also skeptical. When I catch someone lying to me... I,...
Quilting   Reading/ Writing  Music  Learning new cultures  Exploring the internet
To be honest, I don't see myself as a grandmother type. Sure, I like quilting and sewing, but I'm sure there are other young women who like it also.  How do I see myself?... I like doing crazy...
605194
I think I shocked everyone that little mouse me liked tattoos. Plan on getting sleeved at some point. I'll build over time. 605186
I actually love trying different things with my hair.   605018 605026 605034
I'm ISFJ, and I'm quite partial to Dorkies. A dachshund and yorkie mix. My pet is a Dorkie. Meet Beatrix.   604954
This morning, it is: coffee, a book, and chilly weather.    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Well, I'm not an INFJ, but I have the same struggles. It's hard for me to meet guys. I find that most don't want the commitment. When the fun of a new relationship wears off, they're on to the next...
LOL! Okay, it's hilarious. And the stereotype isn't completely wrong about me: I like quilting. http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20161109/a194997253e86b4e82825c41142d8763.jpg   Sent from my iPhone...
I'm ISFJ and the most annoying stereotype I've heard of was, ISFJs are grandmotherly. Grandmothers who bakes cookies. Me: Whaaaaat...?   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
My therapist. xD   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I feel extremely guilty when I buy things for myself. Even if I do make my own money. And don't get me started on when others spend money on me. It feels wrong and doesn't sit well with me.   ...
I consider myself realistic and level-headed the majority of the time. The only time that I'll start being unrealistic is when my security is being threatened. I will do almost anything to make sure...
As an ISFJ, I don't really forget birthdays of those I really care about. Again, those I care about or really close to. Anniversaries are a different story, though. :D   Sent from my iPhone using...
Hmm... 6w5 > 1w9 > 2w1...'"


3038: 'to go back to topic, here is my opinion about the game i posted in another forum :)   maybe little SPOILERS ahead!  ----  This has become somewhat of a review i guess? But that's also how i...
gosh i didn't want to start a discussion :D  and i don't argue against you, because like is said, for me she can be all introverted feeler types. So like you see all the INFJ/INFP things in her, is...
mystikro  Dude chill :D it's a fictional character in a choice based game, so everthing is possible :D  i just can say that her behavior, her thoughts and her insecurities and second guessing...
Indeed a wonderfull game! Or more like an expierince :D i findished the game last christmas in one go and still think about it today.   i let my sister and his husband play it the last two weekends...
you have no idea how deep an Male ISFJ can get into the darkness :cool: ...wait what?
for me it's the other song :D
yeah, i didn't freak, but that athmosphere!!   soo in the end   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqWcpEZ3GY0  or
Best game ever :p took me 2 month to get over it :(
it's really hard for me to verbalize my thoughts >.< i'ts all so clear in my head and at the moment it comes out of my mouth i just stutter and can't form a clear sentence. so frustraiting...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vzz9StW8kpQ  <3
so do you think we brought chocolate cookies to this far away world?  i mean.. this species clearly had not survived without chocolate cookies!!
Nope, this is exactly the same thing i am doing every time in the gym :D   may check this out brah :P  http://personalitycafe.com/isfj-forum-nurturers/219425-isfjs-where-do-you-hang-out.html
Played Life is Strange the past two days and im so depressed right now after the ending :( even couldnt slept well.. but still such an awesome game!
Clearly ISFJ :tongue:  An ISFJ will lead all of us to world peace through kindness, patience and the ability to be incredible stubborn if the ISFJ really want something. :D
for some background information:  The creator of this game was in a depression due the success of his last game named the stanley parable  He wrote it all down in his blog as you can see here:...
is this the invasion the other thread is speaking of? :confused:  i realized that my realism is viewed as pessimism, but most of the time im optimistic :D and most of the other only the the negativ...
so, every person who write something on the internet is an expert? :D
friend codes are out at the moment :( i'm sorry <3
i use rules as a starting point and adjust my behavior according to my experience with time :D ..or something like that  was this the question? :D
we are the one every girl dreams of, but no one ever choose :tongue:
369282
johnson.han.3 damn you :tongue: ..want a cookie? :D   Junkstory sorry my mistake :unsure:   may idea was, that you rejected or question her advices in the past to often and in an, for her,...
may i ask.. do you question her advices?  if you do, she may is offended and take it personally..  sorry if it's a dump question, i don't understand all of this wall of text ( because of my not...
just ask her :p problem solved :D
INTP beaten :shocked:  here is a :hug: for you <3
I'm 26 now and never even kissed a girl :P so i feel you :)  the only advice i can give you is, be honest with the topic. in my experience most girls don't care or find it adoreable, even at my age...
it was funny :D and pointless :p
you can say the truth without being rude :tongue:  see it as a challenge :D
what he said :happy:
Or you just ask her :shocked:
i like the vow and Love and Other Drugs :D
well.. :tongue:
it's such a good feeling to receive hugs <3
annoying  :tongue:
I'm 26 and never was in a relationship. the girls i was interested in simply had no interest in me. :rolleyes:  am i choosy? maybe, but i haven't a specific picture of the perfect girl in my mind :)
atheist here :happy:
i don't know.. i'm rarely angry :)
ISFJ :D  why? because they are awesome, but psssst its a secret :ninja:
when can i be happy again?
Just do it  if you want to be more spontaneous or don't want to ovethink some things over and over again, then just do it if you think about it longer than 5 seconds! :D
no one say ISFJ :D
this :D  i just don't see a reason to drink :P
272578  Hinata from Naruto :D  She's a damn cool ISFJ :D
generaly lighthearted, but serious if necessary :kitteh:
i bet you're a lot nicer than you believe you are :)
no, i searched it on google :kitteh:    why? :unsure:
it's an evil angel in ISFJ style :tongue:
257178
be honest ISFJs, how many of you have thought me? amazing? :tongue:
i can relate. i like it to be nice, but i don't like being called nice because that's all most people see in me. The nice guy. But there is much more about me than that. :rolleyes:'"


3112: '1. ISFJ 2. Slytherin 3. Yes, JK has spoken! But honestly no one would say I'm Skytherin, more Hufflepuff or ravenclaw. But I think Slytherin could help me with my weaknesses.  4. Male
ISFJ Myself  :)
Inspired by personality questions that have you pick out a word that resonates with your personality,  I thought I'd make a thread allowing everyone the freedom to pick any word they want. What are...
I had a lot of help from someone, going through my thought processes and associated behaviors, and then applying that to the cognitive functions. It really helped having someone help me through it. ...
Well, children are still a far out possibility for me.  But I think I would like a boy. I've always liked the name Adam. As far as looks, idk... a ginger? The most important thing is I would want...
Yes, I used to think I was an INFP. So function-wise, more Fi-Ne dom
Being an Si-dom, how can I choose?! Okay, okay.  So it's really nerdy, but one of my best memories was playing World of Warcraft for the first time. I can't even remotely believe it's been over ten...
Yes, I hate people that talk too much. But not if it's a friend of mine. I prefer he/she to initiate and direct the talking. In your case OP, I don't think you should back off. I think if she were...
Last compliment: You are very astute  Last complaint: You can be kinda selfish
ISFJ  I like loud vs mellow most of the time. And happy vs sad. I like dancepop, synth pop, electronica, goth, and some rock.
Loner mostly, but eventually fell in with the nerds/goths/outcasts in my last couple years of HS - that's where my personal tastes revolve around. I can carry a conversation with most types though,...
Oops, forgot to turn my tag back on. You are close ;)  And it's a yes from me
Well, the first time I had a role-model in my life beyond my mom, whom I've always looked up to, was my teen years. Those were turbulent times for me (just like everyone else) and I had a tendency to...
I say yes!
Personally, I think I need to actively engage my Fe more to achieve better mental happiness overall. In contrast to those who use it actively by doing nice things for others in a physical sense, I am...
The one that bothers me the most is that we are supposed to be like stay-at-home moms, very domestic, nurturing, and altruistic. So pretty much right off the bat, you assign a very...
Nice. Mine was Negative emotion empowerment. I had a good laugh. I do struggle with strong emotions ;D
Found this via tumblr. Will randomly link you to an article on the superpower wiki, which has a huge superpower database. Pretty entertaining.   Click for a Random Superpower from the Superpower...
Istj
I think I put my tert Ti out for people to see often. I get mistyped as INTP because of it. It provides a much needed objective look at things when I am under stress or someone is upsetting me.   I...
narcissistic What would you say my 4letter type is??  1. Te or Fe  2. Si  3. Te (or Fe since you are not wanting others burdened by your feelings? or is that Fi? hmm)  4. Si
1. Si/Ti (using directly relevant past examples to try and narrow down a selection) 2. You could just have an extra-dominant auxilliary? 3. Ni or Ne and Ti 4. Ti/Ne 5. Yeah, it could be lower Fe...
How about Tabitha from The Familiar of Zero?
This question/scenario is for ISFJ's, but others can chime in.  Let us say you are in a new environment. For a specific example, a new college program. I say program because you are going to be...
*I want to start tossing fireballs at people. How can they be so ignorant? Or inconsiderate? Disrespectful? Selfish? Egotistical?  *I procrastinate.  *I curse my terrible memory (I remember...
How old are you, if you don't mind me asking?
I feel like I get ISTJ vibes from your description. But if it's ISFP vs ISTP, definitely ISTP.
What do you mean by sx/sp?
The only explanation I can give is that the tests are mostly useless. The questions are poorly worded, biased (typically toward iNtuition), too narrow, or even too general (keystocognition's test......
LA REINE  Yeah, I can relate to your brother in some of those ways. However, I can say no to people I am close to, probably because I feel comfortable to? I try to avoid saying no if I forsee it...
Just want to hear other's input about differentiating between this type in someone (namely myself)  I do not know whether I am just having a bad relationship with auxilliary Fe, or if I'm really Te...
Likes obnoxiously cute things
How annoying. People need to try and look past what's on the outside.   I have been compared to: Christopher Robin Milo (Atlantis)  Eugene (TWD) Flounder (little mermaid) Neville Longbottom...
You're not nerdy, just super dedicated! We need nurses like you!  High school was the pits for me. I didn't fit with any group until I found my niche toward the end of my senior year. Pretty...
I enjoy wearing soiled diapers
I say INTP
I am the same way. I only adventure to very specific places. So basically I like to know what I'm going into. Like the above poster said, it's an Si thing I think.
Hi folks  Question for the ISFJs - do you enjoy roleplaying? Either independently, like in RPG video games, role-playing with others in a multiplayer RPG, text-based on forums, tabletop, etc. etc....
ISFJ..  tropical storm
Hmmm I have like zero assertiveness lol... It's a key thing I'm trying to work on.
I have almost always tested as INFP when taking a test in a neutral state of mind and I continue to do so. I know the system has little serious validation and I am wary of Barnum effect. But I am...
ISTJ.   I thought the answers were pretty decent i.e. I gave a definite answer on all but one or maybe two. But Te is probably my weakest function :
Obsessed with this sort of topic. I'll have a go based on D&D 3.5 classes (ie Baldur's Gate/Neverwinter Nights):  ESTJ: Fighter ISTJ: Monk  ESFJ: Paladin ISFJ: Cleric  ESTP: Swashbuckler...
I am funny in different ways to different people. Most of the time i am pretty sarcastic and cynical, especially at my work where I am surrounded by people with the same sense of humor and we all...
Yes indeed, OP. My partner, mom, and boss have accused me of being a bit messy but compared to my sister... Let's just say on a 1-10 scale of messiness (10 an episode of hoarders) she'd be a 7 and I...
I would say yes if I wasn't on such a tight budget! Otherwise... Nah I can't really claim this is a quality I possess :(
I have been called this by a high school English teacher of mine. She noted it based off my writing style and content. I love getting deep into things, but usually it's silly stuff like works of...
I know I do! Writing is an area I take pride in and continually strive to improve upon. I am very sensitive to typo's and mistakes. But regretfully, I do get a bit judgmental, especially if it's a...
Ditto. Sad to think, but it has been a motivator for the vast majority of choices I have made, from the very big to the very small. But it's not all bad, it does have its perks.
I like similarminds.com's descriptions. I fit pretty much all these for ISFJ, with some tweaking here and there   follows the rules, polite, fears drawing attention to self, dislikes competition,...'"


3147: 'I'm exactly the same way; 2-3 friends I would hang out with regularly, 1 really close friend, and a lot of people who I could be closer to if I wanted to be. (I say would b/c I just moved and I'm...
Try not actively 'thinking' about it for a bit?
In the town I'm from... (I start a lot of vents off this way...)  Psychology 101 at the local community college consisted solely of watching the entire series of Men Are From Mars, Women Are...
A whole lot of people liked the movie,  and I could go into great detail about the plot and underlying messages but I  lack the interest or motivation to do so.   Maybe it's people's unwillingness...
Hey now, don't put words in my mouth...
If everyone liked it, it wouldn't be so great...
I say I'm sorry, because I don't want to hurt other people... and sometimes I don't know how what I am going to say is going to affect them, so I say 'sorry' to try to cover my bases.
I do it all the time, Squirrely :cool:
Idk, sorry.
I'm working on opening up to people, thank you so much for that.
If you want to attack people that you don't know, I suggest you do it away from here as well.
haha...I was joking. The opposite of disorder is order...I was saying there's nothing wrong with me.   Now I'm regretting even making this thread. Sometimes I just like to get stuff off my chest; I...
Grrrrr.....
Well, I've never heard of that-- thanks for the heads up, captain.  EDIT: If there's a reverse avoidant attachment disorder, that would be more close.  I am just more careful now.
I'm scared as hell.
I accidentally have you wrapped around my finger... now what do you want me to do? Flick you off?
My cube was huge and made out of water, the ladder is propped against it and runs the entire length of the cube. The horse is running towards me, and the flowers cover the entire desert floor (that's...
From Britain... yeah, not so much.
'Cause I'm an ISFJ... I like to have someone to take care of :wink:
So, something I've been hearing frequently is how much guys like independent girls... Being one, I can tell you all is not rainbows and sunshine.  When you know how to erect walls to take care and...
Glock
I wasn't really talking about blood and guts...  I had a business agreement with someone, and they reneged on their part of the deal.  Now he's demanding something I can't give him without putting...
Have you ever been in a position where no matter what option you took, the only outcome for everyone is the absolute worst?  I'm not talking about a slow, dramatic ending like Hamlet or the story of...
It will get better, and it won't feel so foreign anymore.  I am so happy for you.   Now I suggest you get some sleep, before you get overwhelmed.
YAY!!!  You don't need a reason... just let it go.
try not to be so hard on yourself
Why would that make you want to write less? No one cares if you make a mistake... even if people give you a rough time about it, that's because of their own insecurities.   ...look at all my mistakes...
You obviously have a lot of people rooting for you, School-- just thought that needed to be pointed out.
No, no... it wasn't you-- it was Fern.  Your English is better than most Americans I know, btw.
grrr..... (practicing anger control now.......)
Moonious, I can't say exactly how to meditate, because I believe it's a different experience for everyone.   I do know that you don't have to sit cross-legged and chanting. All you have to do is be...
Not cool.
Keep me updated, missy.
Screw it... I was diagnosed with anorexia at 13.  By 15 I had visited the local psych facility twice, for one long week each time.  I left there with bulimia that I struggled with until I was 23. 10...
School, I do understand-- it's a shame I don't think I'll be able to convince you it will help.  The only thing that would change that is if you wholeheartedly tried, without the presumption it's not...
Please, please, please... do not suppress your thoughts/emotions. They will come back with a vengeance.  Meditating is about accepting what you feel/ think, and then letting it go. That's it--...
Ummm... that's not the type of meditating I had in mind.  Ok, first we'll start with being mindful.  All you have to do is be there, with full attention to the moment you are in NOW.  Not how...
That's the reason for your avoidance right there.  I sincerely think practicing mindfulness, and then even meditating will help you.  In silence we hear the truth and find the answers.
Well, get out there and go kick some butt... :happy:
I tend to believe that people do the best they can... Yes, some people may find this inspirational-- but there's a huge potential for demotivation.  If you tell people that they aren't doing...
You get hungry, tired, feel pain, etc... right?  That's your body. The one your brain is stuck in. Is there a reason you don't want to accept that?  I suggest studying mindfulness... then...
Someone mentioned this poem in the comments at the bottom of the article, and I think it's quite appropriate....  If you can't be a pine on the top of the hill, Be a scrub in the valley-but be...
I know exactly how you feel-- I've been in the same boat for 4 months now.  All I can say is, it might get worse. BUT, everyone goes through highs and lows and you need to remind yourself that...
I (ISFJ) would find the person I felt was the weakest and act as their defender... I would probably die first, because they'd stab me in the back before I knew what was happening.
Are you sure him being withdrawn sometimes isn't just because he's introverted?   Sometimes pursuing a relationship can seem daunting-- especially if he's had bad experiences in the past.
What happened to oxytocin? 139545
Yes!! It is more comfortable, isn't it :proud:
Pucca, that's what my conclusion was...
Your thoughts on why this is?
138297'"


3159: 'ISFJ Hufflepuff :D
So that makes it OK to generalise a whole group of people? I feel different, misunderstood....what is with the assumption sensors have it easier?   All I did was offer another perspective. Because...
I just wanted to clear up any misunderstanding so maybe we could get along. I don't understand your hostility.
Also I am shy and find small talk difficult...but in the real world it is a way to build rapport. I'm not suggesting you start liking it as sometimes it makes me anxious when faced with it. But I...
I think it's not very nice to be mean about people because they talk about things you are not interested in or don't go straight to the deep, philosophical stuff? I wasn't being horrible. You have...
Thanks guys :)
I think you might just be typing people you dislike as sensors? Si or Se does not = lack of intelligence. I like chatting about the theoretical or abstract, but I am more inclined to feel more...
As soon as I read the first few answers I guessed ESTP and possibly enneagram 3.   I think what is most important here is not to look to typology for answers. I did this (I had generalized anxiety...
Yay! And is there still a lot more intuitives than sensors? It was very intuitive dominated back when I was on here.  You have an Aldous Huxley quote in your signature. I love Brave New World. I...
Wow Mr Cafebot you have a wife and kids now? I feel old :p
I've been signed up to this since 2009 :O but I haven't been active in years. Somebody reminded me of this today so I thought I would come back. I'm seriously cringing at some of the posts I made...
Oooo Joan Crawford was a babe. I have very broad shoulders and I love how she purposely exaggerated hers even though she was told movies didn't want her and her big shoulders, as it's not normally...
Why won't you tidy your room? Why isn't your wardrobe organised in colour order? Why aren't your DVDs alphabetised? How can you even live with yourselves?   Hehe I love you all really, but tidy up...
I'm very glad you are feeling better now :) I think ENFPs and people similar to that type like the start of things...like meeting new people and getting to know them but once they have got to know...
Michael,  Run. Run before it's too late! Don't say I didn't warn you.  Holly.   But on a serious note:
I'm an INFJ (God) but I shall add you if you want my dear :)
Holy Moley this post is gonna be revealing...  How easily do you trust people? Was there any event (assuming you are weary of people) that made you cautious?  I don't trust people at all. I am...
I'm English so I dunno if you will recognise all of these.  Being Human (UK version, never watched the American one). Call The Midwife Embarrassing Bodies 24 Hours in A & E One Born Every...
Howdy :D  Anyone here a nurse or even a student nurse? I am going to start my mental health nursing course in April and I would like any advice you could give me about your experiences.  In the...
I have dark brown eyes but they can look hazel a lot of the time. Sometimes they look almost black though :o It's strange.
You are coming on waaay too strong. Tone it down please :P
I have been on the receiving end of this behaviour and I always think I did something wrong or just like that girl I think I was being messed with. I would have loved it if they had just told me what...
Dazed and confused.
Kind, solitary, perfectionist, creative and devoted.
I hate the fact I act properly all the time. People talk to me like I'm a bag of shit and I so want to kung fu fight them in the face but I can't bring myself to be so impolite. So I act really calm...
I find this happens too and I get terribly confused and assume I read the signals wrong. Do you know why you do this? I can't figure it out for the life of me.
Something far too special and beautiful for me.
Sometimes I feel like it is a curse but overall I would say it is a gift. I am not a particularly intelligent person. I have quite an average vocabulary, my maths is awful (I struggle with simple...
I like the Emy Reynolds version the best by far but this is cool:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFZywOwkWaI
Crikey that is very oneish.
Yeah Emma is an NFJ of some sort. I'm more inclined to say she is a fe-dom though. And interesting why do you think 1w2 for emma? I always though she was a 3w2, but interviews are quite tricky...
Only just started this. I accidentally got blue paint on the pill. And on my face.  http://i45.tinypic.com/1zzqs5i.jpg  I'm not an accomplished painter I apologise.   But this is to represent...
October 6th Libra
I haven't looked through this thread because it's long and I'm lazy so this may have been mentioned before, but does anyone think Rooney Mara is an INFJ? I'm pretty certain she is. Any thoughts on...
Remus Frickin Lupin!  57898  (Click on the piccy)
It's important to remember that just because a fictional character reminds you of yourself it doesn't necessarily mean they share the same type. It is also important to remember that a writer will...
It's very difficult to type fictional characters as they are not always consistent. Rowling her self has said Hermione is an exaggerated version of herself when she was younger so this might in...
Hermione is a 1w2 (and so is JK Rowling apparently). So some of her traits to do with being idealistic and having morals etc will come off very INFJish. She has these strong reactions to anything...
WOWZAS how long ago did I write this?? :o   I'm glad it's helped some of you guys :) My ENFP sister is doing great btw :) Still a diva but it's why I love her :D
Fucking friendzoned. Oh well at least I have Hugh Jackman as back up *comfort eats*
No I hate that bitch ;) :p
All my family are in Hufflepuff :) Me: INFJ Dad: ESFP Mom: ENFJ Sister: ISFP Sister: ENFP
My dad is an ESFP and my mom is an ENFJ. Growing up I found it hard to communicate with my dad and his jokes and hap hazard way of dealing with things would often offend me. He is great at cheering...
10. We are planners  Yes. I feel insecure and stressed if I don't plan.   9. We are extremely intelligent  Hmmm. I'm average I think but I am smart in terms of wisdom and understanding...
Yeah I think that's what frustrates me the most, that I can't understand what the hell must be going through their heads. I'm also small built and look like if the wind blew too strongly I would fall...
It depends how attached I am. Nowadays, you piss me off enough and I'm gone. You have to do something very morally wrong though for me to do that...like tell a really bad lie, cheat etc. I do find it...
I hate that you can tell I am a big softie just by looking at me. Even though I am a lot more thick skinned and assertive these days I still get spoken to like shit nearly all the time. It doesn't...
Everyone thinks I'm sweet and innocent for some reason. I am glad you have cottoned onto the fact that I am a raging psychopath ;)
It's to prove we are all very naughty boys and girls ;)
Damn sensors. The S stands for slut don't you know.  But yeah i'm just echoing what others have said when I say you can't generalise it to type. Some sensors are nice, some are not. Some intuitives...'"


3229: 'Their are more SPs but SJ have higher quality. The greatest wrestlers in terms of technical ability are SJs. Mr perfect (ISTJ). Bret hart (ISTJ) might be the greatest wrestler of all time. Kurt angle...
I know ISTPs who have good manners and empathy. Look's like the Op's personal issues than ISTPs.
You need to learn a thing called manners and empathy then. Read about it, it's quite important in life
I am somewhat spiritual because of several experiences. I wouldn't believe it but I know what I saw. :wink:
Yes I get shy often.
Their was a session in this class were people had to describe my personality by looking at me. Most of them said I was complex and deep lol. I'm often labaled as weird by many people. My freinds get...
Depends on the ISFJ, Theirs some ISFJ here who are like extroverts like some guys here who seems to love to go out and seems to know how to be polite and treat girls nicely and some girls who seem to...
Nope I perfer to listen and love human contact.
I would say generally don't trust other people in generally except your family maybe. Generally when someone is saying something to you be skeptical on the internet and real life. If you feel...
Theirs a girl whom everyone thinks is ISTJ but she insists she is INTJ. Her behaviour is obvious is ISTJ. I would not be suprised many INTJ are ISTJ.
I've had bad experience with people who I think are EXFJ. They are so fake acting all nice to be more popular but it's a manipulation but I can see through their act. One of them used to act like she...
Chocolate and clothes
You guys would be suprised at the amount of diversity in competetive world though. After read their biographies  of these sports men I have found many diverse and interesting personalities! Not just...
Naruto. He is always typed INTJ but he is crying half the time I see him.
Do ENTJs perfer to be busy and work hard? If that is the case why?
People think I am a ISTP or INFJ.
Why is sasuke an INTJ. He's always emotional and crying half the time I watch him about something. Maybe INFP or INFJ.
They think ISFJ are all sweet and can do no harm then they get hurt by one. They then moan about it everywhere.
Yep I procrastinate on courseworks which I find uninteresting however subjects I like I do not procrastinate.
Sure their are! Many mbti typers think Peter Cech is a INTP probally the top 3 goal keepers in soccer in the 21st century!. He's so brilliantly intelligent he analyses every shots and how to stop...
The most stereotypical enneagram 4 I think is jeff hardy from WWE again. He wants to be unique with his clothes and a artist in real life, he is always doing some random art project in his mansion....
The Undertaker from WWE is a 4. He is quiet and extremely private. He loves to connect with other wrestlers giving them advice. His character is fascinated with the occult and death. He is so...
Hey mastermind ENTJs! if Introverted sensors are just robots stuck in routines. How Arthur Wellington,Duke of wellington(ISTJ) complete rekt napolean bonaparte(ENTJ) in the battle of waterloo???...
If you ENTJS are all such mastermind leaders and Introverted sensors are just dumb people stuck in the past how come Arthur Wellington,Duke of wellington(ISTJ) beat napolean bonaparte(ENTJ) in the...
Yeh my SP freinds would say I dive right in. He sees me as quite a crazy person because I used to be quite wild lol. Yes I perfer to make decisions alone but I do respect other people's input. I...
I agree with you, that would be the best option. Shes going crazy because he is ignoring her but she has serious personal problems. ISFJ only ignore people for a reason.
I would have lost my temper caught her and restrained her and tell her to stop damaging property and causing trouble for the people xDDDD. I think its because of my Fe.
Yes I can relate to the guy. I would not call sometimes and other times act clingy. This is bad stereotyping of ESTP. A lot of ESTP are crazy but they are quiet straightforward and quiet most of the...
Definately longevety is very important to me. I like relationship that last's like 50 years.
Yes I agree I always say this reminds me of when. Every time I do something my mind triggers past memories. I wouldn't say I am cautious or anything towards a new experience though I just dive into...
I am agreeing with you guys here watching his documentary Gareth bale seems ISFJ not an ISTP
My opinion  has changed for Sergio Busquets he is an INTP not an ISTP.
ENTJ because they are able to do all the hard work,plan a strategy and sort out my life in a week. My Dad is ENTJ and his planning and effeciency is good. I cannot leave my plate for 1 min after...
I hate INFJ!
You guys want a ISFJ baddie??? Daredevil. He is mental hahahhaha. The Tv show version anyway
Wow you guys think clark kent is ISFJ? I always thought he was ESFJ watching the show as a child. I think he might be is INFJ or ISFJ then. Jonathan kent=ISTJ Lana lang=INFJ Lois lane=ESTP Lex...
I think I have one ISFJ no one has mentioned yet. I know you guys are not interested in sports but this is a big ISFJ. Andres Iniesta is regarded as ISFJ or at least IxxJ by online typing community....
People often say I look like im tired or confused because of my eyes. Eventhough I know I am paying attention. is it ISFJ thing or is it just me?
You are very wrong with Michael Carrick as ISTP eventhough most of your typings are accurate.    jeffcoaster, if you are still active. I am certain if he took a test he wiill get a INTJ. He is very...
David Villa ENTP Rio ferdinand ENTP Pele ESFP Michael Ballack ISTJ Luis Figo ENTJ
I found for you this online.I suppose they would act like 50 cent xDDDDDDD.lmao 13 people voted him as ISFJ 3W2. lool u gonna be gangster from now on ...
Karl pilkington is ISTP
lmao matt murdock is a crazy psycopath unhealthy ISFJ. Most of us are not like that xDDDDD
I think its personal rather than MBTI. I've seen all personality types who are competitive or are bad losers.
lool me too I don't join in stuff at university. I go on crazy rants when stuff happens with the country or county xDDD
I meant like patriotic feelings and sort of feeling deep care about your culture and community.
Do INTJ get emotional? because I saw some INTJs say they don't have them. How do you process emotions if it comes about?  What happens if you get emotional? Do you bond emotionally with your...
Do you guys think I have some sort of Se? even though I know I am ISFJ and I use Si. Because whenever I had to defend myself or doing physical activity I can see,feel and touch everything in the...
Isfp
ESTP,ESFP girls. They are attracted to me as well.........'"


3341: 'Always talk to strangers, no matter how creepy they are. Attempt to pick pocket as many people as possible. Telling your boss off is a good way to blow off some steam.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZhQOvvV45w
I think he was terrible strategically. He could have destroyed the BEF at Dunkirk but decided to let them evacuate. Then Hitler decides to shift the battle of Britain to bombing London hoping they...
Spaghetti and garlic bread.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to perc. It took me a couple tries to get a better understanding of which type I am.
Exactly. A good looking person for example could still be insecure.
Physically or mentally?
ISFJ and I add two spoons of sugar and two of cream.
Cremated and to have the ashes thrown into a waterfall to symbolize how life is a series of events that moves from one moment to the next.
Marinated steak, mashed potatoes, corn on the cob and home made apple crisp for dessert.
Welcome to PerC.
Welcome to PerC.
Welcome to PerC.
Welcome to PerC.
Welcome to PerC.
Welcome to PerC.
Welcome to PerC.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Understand that worry is just made up thoughts in your head that YOU created.
My dad's good one liner You always need to take care of yourself first.
Tacos for dinner.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
I mistyped as an ENFJ. Some of the traits fit me, but it was not completely perfect because I am more introverted. ISFJ fits me well so that's how I knew it was my real type once I took the test...
Beef stir fry.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.
Welcome to the forum.'"


3351: 'Definitely, absolutely NOT religious in any way. I wouldn't even call myself spiritual as is one of many counters to the term religious.   I don't believe I was put on this planet to come to...
Midwest U.S. and the number 7.
109978109986109994110002110010  Many different sides of me.  These were all taken within the past 6 weeks or so.
People love my smile but I don't smile all that much these days. I'm usually the first one to point out that I'm weird and thus, beat people to it.
95561   I refuse to be afraid of life anymore.
Dear ISTP:  You basically dumped me today, even though we weren't technically dating. I was just as honest in my reply as you were in your email (yes, via email folks).  The thing is: You're...
My pleasure! <3 Love the pic you chose!
It really was something stupid and simple. Thanks Nubb - you're awesome!
Uhh yup ^^^ I recognize this guy. This is the guy I'm married to. One of his hallmarks is emotionally unsophisticated views. He is very socially inept and he tends to translate that into views that...
I am an ISFJ raising an ENFP. We've done pretty well. He feels fairly comfortable talking to me about things going on in his life. I have made a very careful point of keeping open communication with...
I would not be surprised if he is mis-typed. I am honestly not sure.  He has tested INTJ more than once but he HATES these tests and I practically had to beg him to take them every time so...who...
Dear ISTP:  EEK! I screwed up last night and overstepped your boundaries completely unintentionally. I think there was some miscommunication though and you interpreted a lot more into what I said...
I apologize for not quoting/mentioning all the posters but I'll do my best to address as much as I can in this post. It's been a very stressful 24 hours.  First of all, I am in private counseling...
I did speak through the whole original post about the fact that this is in NO WAY just about cereal and that the breakdown has been occurring for quite some time. No, this is not about fucking...
Hmm...there is only ONE person that qualifies for that whole honest/blunt truth that we will both listen to and who knows us well enough and is wise enough to speak into the situation.  Our...
Everything you said here is spot on.
Okay the INTJ hubby and I have been on the rocks for quite some time and it's only getting worse. While most of the time he pretends to be oblivious to the fact that there are real problems,...
Dear ISTP:  Had the most amazing day last Sunday, texted a lot (to my surprise) on Tuesday and then...nothing. Luckily this girl is resourceful, and made you an offer you couldn't refuse yesterday....
As an ISFJ, I've found the easiest to get along with people I know are often INFJ's. No idea why that is, just know their type. We tend to be very good partners in crime I guess.
I can try to elaborate...not sure how successful I will be, so go easy on me please. :)   Managing your expectations is about controlling what you can actually control. You can't control other...
I hate to over-generalize (which I'm about to do, sorry), but I think it's partly the nature of my severe introversion. Online communication does not take the level of emotional energy out of me that...
<3 I love INFP's.   I think it would be appropriate to note that I am absolutely and utterly surrounded by INTJ's in my own daily life, and that may be frustrating my ability to communicate...
Thank you for clarifying. Two of my best friends are NFJ. I meant with sincerity rather than sarcasm that genuinely I appreciated gaining insight into NF perceptions. :) <3
It's interesting to me that NF's keep interpreting what I said as you shouldn't expect anything from people. That isn't what I said and it certainly isn't what I meant. It helps me understand how...
Me too! Nubb - Hilarious!!!
I don't like comparing morals at all. So while I agree with OutOfThisWorld that clarification is needed on what you're actually asking, I can tell you that I don't make comparative judgments that...
Dear all of the INTJ's in my life:  It's mutual.  Sincerely,  An ISFJ who just doesn't GAF anymore.
By all means then, post a current photo and let the appreciation commence!
*Raises hand* GUILTY. (Working on it though).
Sleep deprived --> depressive --> cloudy mind --> frustration.  The endless cycle.
Umm yep. Here's your sign. Your ISTP is definitely interested in you. Lucky, lucky girl.
I can't speak for monemi and her ISFJ husband, but I can speak to this in my own life.   Frankly, the boundaries process was painful, difficult, and came about as a direct result of dealing with...
I have to respectfully disagree with this. I love sarcasm and sarcastic humor, as long as it's not intentionally used as a thinly-veiled criticism of someone present at the time. I don't personalize...
The original poster was asking for feedback regarding excessive expectations in relationships that weren't being met. The idea that maybe you shouldn't expect anything from most people was not at...
I do absolutely believe that everything you said is true. I think I have a pretty decent understanding of the one in my life.   I am glad I met him, and I wouldn't change anything...but...like all...
Dear ISTP:  Seriously. You guys are supposed to be assholes supposedly (so PerC sometimes pretends...?). Yet here you are being all amazing and shit, and I keep expecting you to freak out on me or...
I just laughed out loud. That was awesome.
Managing expectations is a very important life skill in my opinion. It's one that takes many of us decades and decades to become aware of and acquire skill at. However, within a reasonable set of...
I agree. What are you waiting for? If you want this guy, tell him. It's as plain as that. Put yourself out there and see what comes back.
Independent of the child rearing part of the ISTP personality, I actually love that they like to instruct. The one I am seeing now (I guess seeing is the right word) has me totally out of my comfort...
If this is true, which he's certainly not pushing me out of his life at this point, then my life is made. I just want him to be happy. He deserves a companion that can provide that while still being...
I know, women do not get him! Which is fortunate for me (selfishly) as it's the only reason he's still single. There's really no other excuse. He is absolutely gorgeous and so incredibly fun and...
It's the weirdest thing...I don't know if enneagram plays into it or what. I am a pursuer. If I want someone, I will tell them. I am definitely ISFJ but with men...I just, I just tend to know whether...
Thanks! Seems to be fairly commonly true for this type. I did this today. It was great. His reaction, as usual, was totally priceless. He's so fun to surprise & spoil.
It was so funny:  When I pulled the final surprise out of my bag of tricks. (Some of those little things I had paid attention to that he likes). He said:   My God, Devil Woman! (Obviously in a...
Dear ISTP:  I am going to spoil you like crazy tomorrow. So...sleep well! You are in for serious Sunday Fun Day.
At my age and this point in my life, I am honest but without harshness to it most times. People more often value the honesty of my insights but partly because I am as tactful as possible when it...
DO IT! :D The you right, you right you riiight one from the Ennea 5 forum is AWESOME!
Congrats on your 1234 post!   I do find my ISTP (and the ones on the forums) hilarious. He has an AWESOME sense of humor and I like saying things that he's not expecting but excited about because...
Dear ISTP,  Surprising you is the most fun thing ever!~ ISFJ'"


3378: sorry it took me a while to read your post. I've been without an internet connection for so long. tbh, I don't know what to say here, except that if he is an INTJ like you said, if you're trying to...
Aww. To be honest there really isn't one proper way to socialize because every situation is different. All you can do is be yourself and hope for the best. And if you have in some way offended...
Yes they do and they are super adorable when they do it. hehehe It's like that nerdy, funny, cute kind of flirting that works on women like me. heheheh And they do it all the time too, it's adorable....
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/414/156/172.jpg
Hmm interesting. I do smile a lot but it's very intentional. Especially when I am working, I really make a point to smile at my patients. For some reason, they really appreciate that, even the ones...
Have you tried talking to her about the things that bother you? IMO, if you're hiding all these things, the friendship that you have isn't really a friendship anymore. And if she is an ISFJ, then she...
These are the sweetest songs Mr. Meepers. You're seriously making  me swoon right now. :blushed:
I also have a problem with this. It says I have one unread visitor message. Can you try and get it re-set it for me as well TreeBob? Thank you so much. :)
I think INTP's are great! They're smart, friendly and very sweet. I met two friends here on PerC who are INTP's and even if they don't come across as such, they are actually the most genuine people I...
ISFJ Travels to Singapore!! I really loved Singapore. It was an awesome country with really cool places to go. However i think the best thing about it is that it's the cleanest city I have ever...
I drink but very occasionally. I think I've only gotten drunk once and it was not a pleasant feeling. Unfortunately I don't know how I am when I am drunk cause i think how I see myself and how other...
It's great! The world understands you and you understand the world. Although as a sensor I also often wonder what's it like being an N.
I know how you feel. *sigh* *Snuggles you forever* hehehe
Mr. Meepers Thank you so much.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejYyasKSVjw
https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-kp4xJgXI8aI/VHuh3YjkXsI/AAAAAAAAO-g/WD0ewAl8BbE/w400-h331-no/14%2B-%2B1  This quote allows me to forgive my shortcomings and not be so hard on myself.
oh nephew my nephew why do you hate me so? I've fed and bathe you Even changed your diaper  So full of poo  And yet your eyes are still open Your cries fill the room. It breaks my heart And...
I got 33/36. I have been reading for fun all my life and I am an RN so it's my job to read people's emotions especially in people who claim to be in pain because they might just be acting.
Beats me, I am an ISFJ and still single at 31. hehehe I don't mind though.   First of all, I am not clingy. I actually drive guys away because I usually think that they deserve someone better than...
Help me out when I need to but don't say that I do. Very few people try and reach out to me to help with stuff that I need to do. I do this all the time for family and friends. I am the go-to girl if...
traps
Oh wow. That was extremely enthusiastic!! And your exclamation points are very contagious! hahaha Welcome to Personality Cafe, I hope you like it here. See you around! :)
props  (am i doing this right?)
What do you think is the biggest difference between your type and mine (ISFJ)?
First of all, the fact that you are aware of your actions, is already a sign that you won't end up like your father. I've been around kids and I know how frustrating they can be at times. So don't...
Awww It's frustrating for us non-ISTJ's too to interpret what you want to convey. I've learned to ask a ton of questions and do a lot of clarifications just to I can get to the bottom of how my...
Huh, that may not be always the case. Most times, my ISTJ mother and brother are just having trouble expressing how they feel. With my brother, I have to ask him several questions which are mostly...
For me, I have four. One retired from PerC, the other was banned. Both are my FB friends and I talk to them on FB from time to time. The other one is still here but is not active anymore. I also...
hahaha I am glad that I'm not the only one now. heheeh
Oh okay. I guess I give off an Asian vibe about me. hahaha That is a great way to put it. That is so true too. I don't know about that, most South American people are extremely attractive. hehehe ...
ISFJ   about 5/10  I was known but didn't have a lot of friends.
Hmm, um I tend to shy away from extroverts although my did like a guy online once who was ENFP. I have friends who are INTP's and I like them too but not romantically. As for INTJ, my brother is one...
I am not an ISTJ but what does that mean? If that was the opening in the movie I was about to watch, I would wonder if I walked into the wrong cinema or I would go question my own taste in movies. Or...
Aww what makes you say that?     Because you know I'm all about that bass 'Bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass 'Bout that bass, no treble
Hi! Welcome to PerC!!!
Hey no!!! Stop that! You are not an empty, terrible person! The fact that you are trying your hardest to express how happy your SO makes you, means that you are a genuine, caring person with so much...
Okay. Well you mentioned that this is only the second time you video chatted with your SO. So he hasn't really seen all of your facial expressions. Maybe one of these days he'll say something funny...
Aww I am so sorry. So like when you see him and you're happy, it doesn't come out as a smile?
Awww this is very sweet. Look you don't have to be self conscious about your creepy smile. He's your SO. He's already into you. It won't matter that your smile is creepy, he would still appreciate it...
Yes very much so. I tend to put up a cheerful front at work but it's all an act to keep things lively and to not be awkward around people.
You definitely said it better than I did. heheh
How do ISFJs view love?  I can't speak for everyone but for me love is when you care deeply for the other person. Not necessarily in a romantic way but in a way where you are willing to get out of...
you are an eevee as well as a panda. You're a Panvee. hehehe  http://p1.pichost.me/i/14/1369932.jpg
https://scontent-b-lax.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/p480x480/10731016_10153355177533782_4424771429736314539_n.jpg?oh=651e8e92f780d42c0f93b630e6694ebf&oe=54E48873 ...
What's your name?  Where are you from?   What makes you happy?   What makes you sad?  What are your interests?
That was a very nice video. I teared up a little bit. hehehe It's very inspirational. Thank you. I hope you don't mind that I am embedding it here.    ...
Really? wow why? did I come across as too Asian? hahaha Wow, that's kind of flattering. hahaha Yeah it's mostly Japan or Korea. OMG that girl may need some help. Like a psychiatric help or something....
OMG they really are. hahaha Yeah Asians can be obsessive. hehehe I think I need to say this, I am Asian. hahaah Not Korean though.   Oh wow, your friend is a whole new level of K addict. hehehe I...
You are? Did you take classes? I want to take classes but it's way too expensive and I can't really justify the expenses because It's not like I need to learn Korean. I just want to learn it so that...
You're welcome. I like languages too. It's just really difficult to learn a new language. Right now, I am trying to learn Korean because I love to watch Korean dramas but It's sooooo difficult. Yeah...
Cool. You seem to get the hang of English now. That is impressive."


3483: 'Dear Kevin Youklis, Red Sox Nation will miss you, man *sniff* Love, a Mass. IFSJ
Homemade nachos and iced tea
I'm a clinical social worker who specializes in working with infants and toddlers and their parents.  I really love what I do--getting paid is just icing on the cake.
A big piece of my son's graduation ice cream cake
Dear Beloved,  Thank you for your honesty about your past financial indiscretions.  It's essential to know what we're dealing with.  We can then move forward together with a clean slate. ...
Hi, Piper, a big Texas welcome to PerC!
The Relating Thinker -- Green/Blue  Sounds like me
KFC original recipe drumstick, in the car on the way home  :blushed:
I've seen Vertigo and several other Hitchcock films.  He was a master of the psychological thriller, no doubt.  In a film history class in college, I saw several Fellini films, but I preferred the...
Sweet dreams...
I have a crown on one of my front teeth from an ice-skating pratfall at age 9.  I wore braces for 3 years.  I've had my teeth whitened by the dentist.  That's a lot of work on my smile, which I'm...
For my beloved to be what I see when I open my eyes every morning and just before I close them every night.
Mmmm. I love coffee ice cream, especially Jamoca Almond Fudge.  Tonight I had a panko-crusted chicken cutlet, carrots and roasted baby potatoes.
You guys seem like film experts, but I'll add my two cents' worth and say how much my teenage daughter and I enjoyed Snow White and the Huntsman this past weekend.  It was an imaginative retelling...
I think Teddy said something very important in his starting post.  If expressions of appreciation motivate me, why should that be an annoyance to others?  Live and let live, I say.
I'm familiar with the experiences of CaptainMauzer, and for many years saw things as he did.  Over time, I have come to understand that all people, even those who love us most sincerely, will fail to...
I got Innovator-Merchant, which makes sense to me.
Spoken like a 17 yr old PerC greenhorn.
lyokangirl-- WARNING, PERC CAN BE ADDICTIVE -- proceed with caution!
Being ham-handed means that your intentions are apparent to others even though you think you are being subtle.
Trying to distract myself from missing my long-distance sweetheart.
Planted the last flat of annuals in the garden.
Barbecued chicken wings w/red bliss potato salad and a frosty glass of extra IPA
Dear ENFP Teenage Daughter,  I'm so fed up with addressing your constant over-reacting, negativity, rigidness and disrespect toward others.  You have so many fine qualities, but they are rarely...
teddy564339, I've never read a better explanation of why my degree of eye contact changes when I'm talking with someone.  The more unfamiliar the person, the more carefully I choose my words, and the...
Savoring that first cup of coffee of the day in a quiet house.
Leftovers *yawn*
Wishing I hadn't eaten that cone at Cold Stone Creamery  :p
Do you want to have my family?
I'm proud that I quit my new job after 4 months and got my old job back.  It just wasn't the right job for me.  But first I went through a lot of dithering about how I was inconveniencing other...
I really can't stand wasting my time.  I hate discovering I've put tons of effort into something that wasn't necessary.  That's why I refuse to worry anymore.  Ninety percent of what I worry about...
Elaminopy, reading this thread made me hurt for the two of you.  I don't have any advice to add, but thought I'd commend you for your perseverance.
Dear World Renowned Psychologist, I think you should manage your appointments better.  It was no fun for me and my autistic son to drive 2 hours to sit in your office and be told you were not there...
picky, picky, picky
Online ordering tickets to a Maroon 5/Train concert for me and my 13-y-o daughter!
Day-old chicken cacciatore and Cupcake Chardonnay
Listening to a humongous buzzing insect smacking the window repeatedly.  Sure glad it's outside.
Is it over?
WebMD is quicker XD   Watching The Sandlot: Heading Home on DVD with my son
Dear Almighty God, Please help me care more about this job or help me find another one... A Burned Out ISFJ
Bacalhau a gomes de sa and broccoli rabe with Saloio olive oil
My eloping son took off again but I found him before anything bad happened
Qualifying your criticisms as jokes doesn't fool anyone.
Dear Dust, Grime, Lint, Cat Hair et al: I loathe you.  The morning after I've gotten rid of you, I wake up and you're back to torture my eyes and sinuses.  Don't get me started on your cousins the...
Fall-off-the-bone barbecued pork ribs, nomnomnom
I criticize your palindrome.  Mine's better: RACECAR
Dear Members of Congress, Just all go far, far away, please.  And take Donald Trump and Sarah Palin with you. Sincerely, A patriotic ISFJ
Cheeseburger from the grill with a vine-ripened tomato and pasta salad
Thank you, Liberty Mutual, for replacing the car hood and providing a rental!
I haven't seen any threads about pets of PerC members.  How many and what species/breed of pet do you have?  Did your personality type play a role in the pet(s) you've chosen?  What might be...'"


3517: 'I related to all 3. The author does mean ISFJs develop all 3 subtypes right? I'm guessing For a complete account of this type’s vultology, we can look at interviews of the following SiFe public...
I don't know. Try to communicate the whole forest as simply as you can. How you do that, I don't know.
172
142
http://i.imgur.com/0c4VdSS.gif  got some bad news
rip
Sounds like an ISFJ's fantasy / worst nightmare
https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/569590214063292416/23cHFtmd_400x400.jpeg  A body formed in the likeness of Zeus
I got spanked by a spatula (srs)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1--nH1TLh2s  Alpha as fukk cuz   For your time  http://media2.giphy.com/media/80dF8fSDEdDG0/200.gif
Mainly by noticing the different cognitive functions in other people. I use Ne but not as much as an INFP friend for instance, and there's no way I use Ni. I confuse Si with Ti in regards to...
ISFJ Aquarius
I'm interested in diseases so I'd like to work in a field related to that. Plus the money's great and I'm not interested in a masters/phd. It seems like it'd be harder to find as a job as a patent...
How much do you know about patent law? I'm finishing up a chemistry BS and wanting the JD for patent attorney.
The logic games is my strongest section and the reading comp is my worst. Any tips for the reading comp section?
I do this a lot with creative writing, and it comes quite naturally.  Thanks for your post
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWosHCmsye0
teach me your ways
I was talking about Ne. Supposedly my inferior functions develop as I age, but I wonder how much that has to do with environment vs nature.
I was in my phyics lab class, finishing up my work when I handed my report for him to sign (we're required to at the end of each class). He started grinning from ear to ear with a huge smile and...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hw846vx_uk
how warm will it be this summer
N-n-no homo
10/10 movie. Leo the GOAT Dicaprio makes another masterpiece. Brb dem dere fight scenes, brb plot, brb directing aesthetics throughout the movie with 10/10 environments and closeups of Leo. Best...
1) won't happen.  2) who cares 3) doesn't matter 4) I do know, they're racists
cliffs?
http://7770647a14b0867efc75-b939f832d8cd9c860ce8909163419528.r92.cf2.rackcdn.com/12054.jpg
this, what a sloot
strong first post. eat more tuna
Good.
we're too busy working, come back later
I feel, therefore I am (an animal)
I have an infj brother. My parents enjoy his sense of humor and there hasn't been much conflict between them. My brother is really hardworking and successful and my istj dad respects that, so there...
Hello, I experience intuition mostly after reading novels which stir my thinking. For instance, I was really interested in philosophy the summer after I took a philosophy course, so I spent a good...
No hymen, no diamond
Hello, I'm taking the LSAT in June and was wondering if anyone who's taken the LSAT could share some prep books they found useful or just give tips/tricks that could perhaps increase my score. I'm...
Is that you in your avi?
I sexually identify as zyzz brah, zyzz is the inspiration brah
u mad or myron brah?
why say stupid things to anyone chad?
Whoa...you just took me to the outer limits, man.
Woah...    What if you are the main character, man, with like your own good qualities, man...
Because I'm delusional enough to think I can make a difference somehow. And I'm too brave to end my existence. And I can't have sex if I'm dead.
rear glute spread and I'll do it bby
What if like there's some greater Being than all of us, man, who's like sitting in a red love seat typing each of our stories on a typewriter somewhere way beyond our perception, man? Like what if we...
I identify most with the 1w9 sx/sp enneagram. I'm certainly not a type 9; I have an idea of the type 9's characteristics from real life interactions, and see myself as having different...
I prefer to use I apologize, as there's no feeling involved whatsoever.
I could beat any of you (seriously).
INTP seeks to find meaning, ISFJ is fine not knowing what the hell is going on
intp  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/d/db/Aziz_Shavershian_in_2011.jpg/220px-Aziz_Shavershian_in_2011.jpg'"


3583: 'I am a 14 year old boy, and a high school freshman. I have two older brothers, one born in 1992 (10 years older)and the other born in 1995 (7 years older). The oldest one moved out in December and...
I don't care if it's flirting or bullying, it makes me uncomfortable and pissed off, and I'm straight!
I'm a boy, and I just remembered now he's bi :0 But that doesn't mean he can just take my stuff and then touch me. I don't care what your orientation is, don't touch me unless your my friend!
Oh, thanks! :)
Thanks, but the thing is I don't even have a lot of pencils. Before he came along, I had 6. Now I have 3. Plus, the pencils he took were high quality. Today I tried to trade 2 not as good mechanical...
So I'm a freshman in high school, and there's this one guy (also freshman) I met on the first day I came (I started school 1 week late, it's a long story). He was in my 6th period English, and this...
I'm gonna try out for baseball!
The only thing is that I'm a boy.
I just promoted from 8th grade 3 weeks ago and I'm going to start high school in less than 2 months. Help for anything?
1.  13 years old (turning 14 this year)  2.  Fremont, CA, USA (East side of San Francisco Bay Area)  3.  I just promoted from 8th grade, going to the 9th this year.  4.  Single (too young to...
I always ask him why he never knows where the classes and he always says in a joking way, Oh short term memory less. Then he does his annoying sounding laugh. He can't have a disability because...
It's also weird because all the other TAs in other periods I know. I mean ALL the other TAs. It's not fair.
He's not from a foreign country, he speaks perfect English, but then For no apparent reason he just uses some annoying accent. And at our school we've been writing the date like month/day/year for 3...
So for my elective I am a TA (Teacher's aide) for the Office and my partner is really annoying me. He talks too much that it gets on my nerves, and whenever he reads any name from the book with...
I'm nervous, and at the same time I don't even want to do it.
Mario Kart DS
I forgot to put multiple choice for my pool, and I can't edit it. There should be something for editing poll options.
Thank you so much! I am in the advanced math class and it's hard, but I can still keep an A+ in it. Hopefully it will help me in high school. Also, I am a fast runner and I have a good mile time (my...
Oriental Flavor Top Ramen...I'm getting a cold.
The Giver by Lois Lowry (in class)
Having a combover, and when just going out still looking kind of in nice clothes, and with a kind of serious face, which is kind of me.
I might like multiple girls? Help? Btw, I'm only in 8th grade so...
How can you get your post ranking up?
Mario Super Sluggers and I just lost 😡
I keep saying that I'll do my homework at this time but then I eventually don't. And I'm doing this right now. How do I stop procrastinating??
Maybe just about all of those. :p
Any tips on high school? It's because I'm going to start 9th grade 7 months from now, and I know high school is going to be worse than middle school. If only Ned made a high school guide...'"


3605: I would say Gayle is an INFP 4w5 so/sx, a very unhealthy one. She's melodramatic and attention-seeking, weird with tragically low self esteem, what NTs who complain about INFPs picture. ...
Maybe ISFP   She can seem extroverted but I sometimes feel she's trying hard to be that and and that takes a lot out of an introvert.
I got 471  4w5 7w8 1w2  I don't know I relate to different parts of the head types  In the past I thought I was a 9 but I have questioned that recently. I could see the nine questions in there...
All three seem to indicate IXFP but definitely introverted   Enneagram or MBTI is fine for mine  1.I have more vanity and pride that I like to admit to.  2. I tend to analyze my feelings. ...
What would Bonnie's enneagram be? I lean toward 6 or 8. Her focus is Annalise and protecting her but I might be looking at her character to narrowly .
My dreams seem mundane in comparison to what the rest of you experience! Lol  I don't have this one much now but another one is I am back in school and I don't know what is going on or I am way...
I often dream I am in a large building ( medical, hotel, store etc and it's all or largely empty.  Other types of dreams have me either on a road trip ( something we did a lot as I was growing up)...
Same.[/QUOTE] I didn't expect to like Veronica so much more than Betty. But I do.  Interesting twist with Miss Grundy!
Yes it's so not the comic version. I like the show but I agree it seems like they want to make Riverdale into Twin Peaks.  Reggie probably is ESTP but I don't think we have seen the Ti to this...
I sometimes question if I use Ne or Ni but when I read stuff like this I know I use Ne. I guess the question is more if it's actually my inferior function. The possibilities, the odd connections (...
I agree  Veronica ESTJ  Betty ESFJ  Jughead INFP Cheryl ? Archie? Reggie?(Ugh!)  Ms. Grundy ISFJ?
With nothing to analyze I will just do the five.  1.I have noticed some posters on PC say they don't notice the taste of their food much and that could be inferior sensing? At least inferior Si....
I was thinking this about this.Just my best guess.  House 5w4  Wilson 9w1 maybe 2w1  Cuddy 3w4  Cameron 1w2 or 2w1
Over exaggerated and delving into the extreme of healthy and unhealthy or not - I'm gonna split some hairs about Mrs. Hudson:  I rectify what I wrote, that she was ESFJ. She must be ENFJ.  She had...
Kind one of my guilt pleasures! I watch certain shows for a distraction   Thinking about the adult  Mr Ratburn ISTJ  Binky's mom ESFJ  Bitsy Baxter ENFP
That was so funny I wish I could say that sometimes. I never that sure about DW's type. I was thinking of characters like Molly and Rattles now that they aren't bullies. Molly probably an ESTP or...
ISFP   Not about but a family member  1. She has exceptional people skills.Good at helping others   2. She's good with money. Good at saving and planning   3. No real ego about her but she is...
Perhaps 5w4 Maybe a 4
ENFJ   1. I go back and forth between aggressive ( although not violent ) and meek. It seems like an odd combination   2.The first thing I notice about a room is the smell ( outdoors as well )why...
Fi/Fe 1.Fi 2. 50/50 3. Fi 4. Fi 5. More Fi 6.Fi 7.Generally Fe but I do feel more drawn to certain individuals and groups (Fi) 8.Fe 9.Fi
What about Gayle ? I have just been watching the Thanksgiving episode when Bob has to pull her through the snow in a kiddie pool and it turns out she's faking her injury.She is so annoying but...
That really made me laugh about Tina! She does have her fantasies which I guess is why she is considered to user higher Ne but it's limited to her a few things she seems obsessed by. Gene is so...
Are you sure you are ISFJ, I get crazy isfp vibes from you. Like almost all of your statements reminded me of my isfp bf. ISFP.  1. I love adventure and being in the moment, but I can't help but...
ISTP seems likely   I have done this so many times but maybe I can do it again without being too repetitive.  1.When I think of hobbies it's more the passive or indulgent type I enjoy...
Louise fascinates me! I am not completely sure her type. I could be convinced otherwise.  I do sometimes find inferior Ne and Fe difficult to tell apart. Both seem emotional. Could Tina be Ti...
I would say Tina is some kind of ISXJ .  Inferior Ne stresses you out and she has that even in minor situations. The thing is it also can bring out a goofy side.  Bob ISTP   Linda ESFJ- the Bed...
I will miss Mary but I guess it's inevitable.  I have seen various typings for her ESTJ, ENTJ, ENTP, even ISTP.
Seems like a lot of Fe and Ti 4? Maybe Ne and Ti interested in and trying to understand different things. ENTP   1. I am one who will brood when hurt. I may want to talk about it but the words are...
A) unconscious childhood message  1. Type 3 It's not okay to have your own feelings and identity. This is more in general I felt this. It's not like it's intentional but as much as you feel like...
Could Sherlock's need to goad others push their buttons be inferior Fe? After what happened to Mary I was thinking it might show inferior Se,that he doesn't take consequences into account. He didn't...
Yes I think ESTP makes sense for Haley. Ti with her is often figuring things out to her advantage. You see it play out with Fe.She also will point out to Alex it helps if people like you.
I hadn't thought about INTP for Lily. Interesting, I'm never sure about her type.
Yes I am back to ESFJ for Gloria ,after watching a handful of episodes recently she is an FJ and so is Cameron. Gloria is the ESFJ and Cam is the ENFJ. Haley definitely uses Fe .
ISFP maybe   don't pay too much attention to my type. I 'm not sure of it.  1. Try as I might to plan ahead I often do better to adapt as something happens.  2. Similar when I write the best...
I may be wrong but I thought the most recent episode could be a good example of inferior Se for Sherlock.  His need to goad sometimes makes him forget about consequences . He didn't know what Mary...
Peppermint Patty seems to use Fi not Fe. She misses a lot too for someone with strong Se maybe ESTJ? I don't know she's my favorite.
Arthur ISTJ Buster ENFP - could he be anything else? Francine ESTJ Brain INTJ? Muffy ESFJ  Sue Ellen ESFP? Fern INFP George ISFP Binky ISFJ Prunella not sure low sensor
I don't think he's Fi really, I have him more like Fe, but then, most type him as ISFP. I just don't think that's true.[/QUOTE] Yeah I know some type him as ISFP but I also see ESFJ! Very different...
That sounds right to me. He steps in to help the way Barbara will. He's very approachable.
Could Hagrid be an IxFP? Would high Fi look outward for emotional support? He might be picky who he wants from someone he likes and trusts but he still needs it.
It seems like most of the later characters are mostly SF's and ESTJ's  Nurse Crane and Patsy ESTJ Barbara ESFJ Delia ISFP ?  What about Tom? The recent Christmas episode made think he's using...
I like alone time outdoors I usually prefer it that way. I like hiking or just a long walk with no one else.
It's questions like this that makes me question if I am a true introvert. I can spend a fair amount of time alone but with some kind of human interaction for short periods of time. That said hours...
Some of the inferior Fe I can relate to.I do have a problem thinking I could be a Ti dominant. I feel like I have known enough people with dominant and auxiliary Ti if I understand the function...
For me ( I know it's not my thread) but I can relate to both to a degree but maybe more the second one. I can be pretty nitpicking and critical when stressed. I get irritated at a lack of...
I share many of the same traits myself ( thinking more I am some kind of IFP) Ne is possible but I have doubts . I'm sort of a realist/idealist . I hate brainstorming sessions. I am better and...
Fe Possibly not type related but P? This reminds me a lot of Ti-dom  friends I have  Without knowing why you love them I can't really type it but the end of the sentence gives Si vibes  Ti   I...
Wonderful ! I am pleased you included minor characters like nurse Kelleye although she deserves more than minor character status. I like the typing for Potter . I think it' would be typical to type...
Is Blake Fe or Fi?
You know your an ambivert when you read this thread and your life suddenly makes sense .  I agree function wise your either introverted or extroverted but I think very few people fit the extreme..."


3650: 'As far as Nintendo goes- I really like Animal Crossing.. that's about it. Other video game favs include Fallout 4, The Sims series, & Overwatch. As for mobile games I really like games by Kairosoft.
Hey- feelings can be so awful- I think we should try our best to escape pain. I think it's easy to wallow in it and not know what to do. But we should do everything we can to escape any and all types...
For me- tradition seems to translate to idealism. I also actually am a homeschooler because I detest my public school education and I believe I can raise my children much better. For me, tradition...
I don't mean to offend by any means- I'm just going off of vibes. n_n
Hey Tripwire, have you considered you might be ISFP?
I think it really helps us to talk our problems out to someone- or even journal them down because it helps us identify what we are feeling exactly.
Tbh, I think he may be losing interest. No, an ISFJ won't freak out if you ask them what's up. I think you could just be honest and ask the ISFJ if there is something wrong and ask them please to...
sounds like you've been ghosted
Yeah, I think ISFJs often fit well into the teacher role- the structure is there and all that changes are the variables within the structure (new students). But everything else is generally the same-...
700433Going through old pictures! This was last year when I was still blondish
Yeah, I don't really think he's ISFJ. I think he's INTJ. He doesn't do things for other people but rather for himself. I see Te and some Se. He also uses a lot of quotes. Like he just told everyone...
What's wrong with your aunt?
It can be very difficult for INTJs & ISFJs to communicate- I have an INTJ bestie and sometimes I need an INTP or someone else of another type to be an intermediary between use because our Fi/Fe clash...
I met my husband online. Do you check out chats? I meet a ton of people through Discord.
Oh Jenny... are we the same person? <3 I have a hard time opening up to people irl but it is so much easier online. I think it's because it's so easy to focus our expression in through one avenue...
ISFJs...so hot! 693625693633
sounds like she is an enneagram 2
I'm married to an INTP myself. My ISFJ bestie is married to one as well. I agree about their frugality and their appreciation for the way we genuinely care. It's a great match, especially when we...
knifey That sounds like it has more to do with enneagram than mbti tbh
Hey Shanaflame, absolutely! I'd love to help you on your quest!
Hey dreamstate,  I'm wondering if maybe he has something to hide. He may not want to ruin your perception of him. He might be a bit unhealthy- too nervous to open up to anything new. Maybe it's his...
enneagram is so wild. so I was 9w1 then I typed at 2w1 and now I'm positive I'm 6w5 smh
Just got my Bachelor's of Science in Science & Elementary Education  ISFJ
I would have said family but I wouldn't have one without faith. So yes, ultimately faith is what drives me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jALFdV9lLl8
I'm 28 and I still feel like this sometimes even though I have a family and a lot of close friends that I have known for years! I think it's natural to want more but I think it's even more important...
Honestly, I can relate with that. I love to tell what I found interesting in a story.. honestly it's only interesting to some people, I can recall people whose eyes just glaze over. Same thing...
Prick
I draw whenever I feel like it. Like- it depends on how much you have going on in your life. I used to draw a lot while I was in nursing school, it helped me de-stress. Now that I'm done with school,...
drew this a couple of months ago on iscribble.net http://orig01.deviantart.net/613b/f/2017/018/4/8/sean_o_pry_by_ribjaw-davv34u.png
prime
Definitely, the details need to be important- they need to add to the overall idea, they can't just be changing subjects constantly and saying things with no value. There needs to be interest and...
I think if you're wondering about if he's interested in you romantically, he'll make a lot of eye contact. He'll pay a lot of attention to you. I would think that there would be something one on one...
I love these 80's versions~  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSrtkKnVeKg
I think tampons are super uncomfortable and they're a bit tricky too. Pads are just so much easier. I like to get the thin ones with wings but their 10x absorption or something. They're the best~ I...
I've always typed as ISFJ. I took multiple extensive tests and the descriptions rang true. I have a ISFP brother and close friend and I can see that they find it difficult to hide their weirdness and...
I think the complexity that comes into play and makes me more interesting is that I get into moods and don't necessarily understand why exactly I feel a certain way. I can't control it and it might...
I think closed books can be a lot harder to type. So extreme introverts definitely. I have a friend who I've known for a year or so now and I've just pinned her down as a ISFP in the past week.
I immediately thought of a moment when I was about 4 years old, my dad was mowing the grass and I remember that strong earthy smell of freshly cut grass. The sun was shining and I was standing on the...
Thanks for the mention WindChime   I think think the piano player could very well be an ISFJ. I say this since his voice is pretty soft-spoken and when he is listening to his wife, he tends to stare...
You sound super sweet. It definitely takes some time for us to open up and be sure we can trust others so I'd try and be patient and consistent. I think when she does get comfortable- she will be the...
I actually have a story from 5th grade that I was just thinking about. I met one of my most bestest friends in my 5th grade class. I'm not sure why exactly I happened to approach her that day when we...
definitely always wanted something serious.
The hardest thing for me is starting but once I start, I steam roll til the end.
I was thinking a fair because you could just walk around and then take the ferris wheel. :)
627082627090 Happy New Year my fellow ISFJs <3
I think you may be an INTP ISFJs are very in tune with how they are feeling and how others around them may be feeling. We're really into harmony. I also find comfort in doing meticulous things.
I'm married to an INTP but he is Christian. It was definitely God's will that brought us together. He made it very obvious that this is what He wanted. The numerous coincidences were way too much...
Break ups are so awful. It's really important to guard your heart because it does take a very long time to get over someone. Time is definitely helpful but it's bearing through the reoccuring...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxdJqncir4Y'"


3652: 'Yes. I do daydream. I like to think that it isn't really daydreaming but rather, preparing to tackle big dreams later on.    You see, I have many aspirations in life. I dream and work on them all...
Black. Sooner or later people want me to change it. But, if it were my choice, I'd wear black on my wedding day. I look super hot in black. Black jeans, black dresses, I love it all.
I love me a film with great dialogue. I don't even care if its awkward or useless conversations, I just like the real connection with the characters and their situations. I lean towards action and...
You know you're a sensor when the reason you want to go out is to experience something.  When you love to touch things in a store and Internet clothes shopping doesn't appeal to you as much because...
There's no way an ISFJ would deliberately lie about being interested in you romantically. That's not something we do. That would hurt you and us. ISFJ take matters of the heart seriously. When people...
It's kind of hard to help with such an interesting situation. But, here's my take on it.   ISFJs are kind of needy and constant contact in a mature relationship. ISFJs are shy but, not as shy the...
I'm very open minded. ISFJs, I guess, are supposed to be more conservative. But, I consider myself pretty liberal.   ISFJs are naturally social  but, I'm not social at all really. If I could...
Oh, we do know what you're playing at. :laughing: I have a great capacity to love. I love my family and care for them on a personal level. I have a few close friends that I love immensely as well....
I would love to date an ENTP! My best friend is one and I love her to pieces. I have trouble with trusting people though. I don't think that's necessary because I'm an ISFJ. But, I would definitely...
ISFJs dominant function according to MBTI is introverted sensing (Si), which basically means that we consider our experiences ultimately our best resources and tools to navigate our lives. These...
Yes. I'm a very nice person. If I had a nickle for every time someone called me sweet, I'd be a very wealthy person. The less I know someone, the nicer I am. I'm polite and almost a little too...
Gender: Female Hair Color: dark brown with tons of honey highlights. Hair Style: long and layered. Usually naturally wavy or tamed straight. I prefer wearing my hair up in a cheerleader ponytail....
I really don't want to insult anybody!! This post is only my personal opinion! But, I think that the type that I find the least attractive is an ESFP. Emotional, materialistic, inconsiderate and...
When I love someone, their needs become mine. Their problems are my problems. I feel the need to fix everything for them, kind of. I try to anticipate things they need or want. I'm very cuddly. I...
Dear ENFP,   I hated you when I met you. I had never met such an outspoken, profanity-laden jerk before! I had to deal with your miserable, loud attitude for weeks. Then I realized you make me...
INFPs are adorable! ^^ My younger brother is an INFP and he is in another world half the time. They are extremely sensitive but, they don't always show it. They love to cuddle but, won't ask for it....
When it comes to something I know, something I've proven that I can do again and again or if I am sure I'm right about something - I'm very confident. I can look someone straight in the eyes and tell...
I'm an isfj trying to date an isfj. It's very difficult. It's, like, we're both trying so hard to please each other and not offend the other that everything comes off kind of distant. I'm pushing...
I regret to inform you, that all SJs are boring people who don't like to think for themselves and lack the ability to create.  Just like how you're probably planning on ruling the world soon.   I...
Time exists. Time is relative. For us, here on earth, the sun rises and sets to complete a day- this is because the earth rotates. Then, the earth rotates around the sun. We call one full completion...
This is almost exactly what happened to me. My INTJ roommate of two years told me she was moving out very suddenly, left and hasn't attempted to establish contact again. It happened just like that...
I usually don't open up to anyone other than my best friend, because I know she won't judge me. Other than that, I give people slices of me but not the whole cake. I have a pretty low self esteem, I...
I don't know.   I'm the oldest of four kids. When I was 10, my parent's divorced. My mom hated cooking, cleaning, everything like that. My dad told me it was my responsibility to take care of my...
I don't think that ISFJs are the only personality that stick around in chaos and hairy situations because of love, family or duty.   Ron Weasley- Harry Potter & Hermione- Harry Potter- Duty/Love-...
ISFJs are fairly straight-forward kind of people. I feel that she would tell you if she was having issues, because you're a really close friend. ISFJs really trust people in their little circle. I...
Yes.   I'm very conscious of all the mistakes I make. I say about a hundred prayers a day that people won't comment on that flaw in my handwriting, the semantic mistake in my speech or the million...
Maybe its an introvert attribute? I'm quiet. Even when I try to be loud, others tell me I'm pretty quiet.   It takes a genuine effort for me to talk. I don't like to talk. When I do talk, its...
Hey, guys! This is one of my first threads so, forgive me if this is too sloppy! :unsure:  I just want there to a thread dedicated to discussing this very significant aspect of our personality: the...
I have loved to read for as long as I can remember! I've been the bookworm shy girl since elementary school. I find reading completely fascinating. It's a great escape from reality, especially when...
So, here are some pics of me from a trip to visit my family in Guatemala. This is me at San Phillipe Castle (I'm on the left in the first pic, my ENTP sister is on the right): 5083550837 This is at...
I grew up with my ENTP sister. Her personality is so complimentary to mine. I would be completely thrilled to find someone with her zazzy personality. Maybe a J. ENTP or ENTJ. That would be perfect...
Favorites:  Arrested Development Heroes (first season ONLY) House The Big Bang Theory Modern Family ATLA/Korra Firefly Psych Fullmetal Alchemist
Hi, Rico!   Its great to see that there is another ISFJ joining us! I'm an ISFJ too! Welcome to PerC! Be sure to post and introduce on the ISFJ forum! XD
The first time I took the test was in homeroom senior year of high school. I was completely intrigued. But, I, unfortunately, forgot the name of the test and my results. My first year of college, I...
I am a little obsessed about relationships in general. Its almost like... I mold myself for other people. If I notice they need something or want something I do just about anything to make it happen....
1. If you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal, would animal would represent you?  A dog.   2. Name an accomplishment that you are proud of:  Something I'm proud of? Of myself? Ha. I...
I become impatient with myself and inconsiderate people. I hate it when I lose things, forget things, mess up or disappoint others.... I also become impatient with things or people that aren't doing...
I'm usually at home. I like to play the piano, watch movies, read, be on the computer and play the viola.... But, sometimes I go out to the library, grocery store, movies or restaurants. Lately, I've...
People have asked me if I could change my type, what I would change it to; and I've decided that, although it would be nice to be wise and intuitive as INFJs, I'm the way I am because I want to be...
Pier 56 Mal is an ESTJ. He likes to be around people and is a great leader. He is organized and rational. He is not an idealist; he is practical and action-oriented. He is a classic ESTJ.   -Scar...
Can I talk about Avatar: the Last Airbender too? Please? Because I don't think we have enough data/evidence to prove character's type in LofK right now...  Legend of Korra:   Korra: ESTP  Mako:...
I know of only one other ISFJ and she isn't all that interested in psychology. At least, I'm pretty sure she isn't. I like psychology, but, I don't think that I would study it in school or anything...
When you finally find the words to explain how it is to be with others by reading this brilliant quote:   x93Socializing is as exhausting as giving blood. People assume we loners are misanthropes,...
Reassure him that you want to hear his complaints and that its not bothering you. Try to include him in things because ISFJs easily talk themselves into thinking that someone doesn't like them....
One day in 2001, I was a very confused, stupid kid wondering why everyone was upset and freaking out in homeroom. Then, my P.E. teacher turned on the news that showed two buildings falling down.
Growing up, my family has always had really hard financial problems. I never asked for anything growing up.... Getting a candy bar or something small every once and a while was a miracle to me. I...
So, when I get really stressed and overwhelmed, my shadow side comes out. I imagine the worst-case scenario in every situation (my Ne going crazy). I get really spacy and distracted. I'm usually...
When after an hour of company, you're ready to crash and take a nap.
-Big Bang Theory -Modern Family -Arrested Development -House M.D.  -Psych -Heroes (only season one)
No. I haven't. But, I wouldn't stand down if fighting was the only solution. Usually I'm pretty cool-headed.'"


3663: 'yeah you're not alone sigh. i hate that i do it as well, it isn't fair on the other person(s). i'm getting better at it; i realise that i can't control what's going to happen in future (that...
Princess Diana's death.  I remember her funeral being on TV and my mum crying. I would have been.. 4
i also like 9's because they're much calmer/relaxed than me but some are maybe way too passive for me and i feel like sometimes they just look at me when i'm in one of my anxiety/freak moods like i'm...
uhhh. i tend to be put off by 4s in all honesty. it wouldn't be a good match for me.
(Using Johns Test Please) TOP 3 MBTI TYPES:   1.80% ISFJ 2. 5% ISTJ 3.4% INFJ  6w7
no, no. describes me pretty well lol. wouldn't say i'm impulsive in the slightest, i usually think very long and hard before i make my bad decisions :D.
nothing. no fun allowed.
:unsure:
yup
boyfriend is ESTJ 3w2 sp/so relationships have never been a priority for him. he has always envisioned his life as achieving his goals, being independent and living life how he pleased.  he said he...
lmao
good! thanks you?
rofl. eh i don't like dating unless i see a future with that person, so i guess it takes time to see if they fit that bill?
none of that would indicate he hates you, really. the declining the request is a bit odd, but i would guess based on his previous behaviour, it's a way to protect himself from falling for you when...
in my experience, an ESTJ won't just lost interest once they like someone, and they will fight for you.
prove them wrong?
the whole burning self out and hard working in general yeah.  1) i don't squeeze my schedule really tightly as i enjoy my time alone but i do feel the need to accept invites to everything...
a lot of it sounds like the fear in a 6. do you have 6 in your tritype? i'm 629 and i always say that i think my 2 underlies some of the fears of my 6 - that fear that if i'm not helpful or kind,...
yeah my eyesight sucks i have astigmatism and a cataract. i need glasses for everything.
INFJs have Ti.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHAH HAAAAAAAAAAAA HAHAHA OH MY GOD   oh you're actually serious?
705178
i don't overeat but i do tend to seek out comfort foods often. u200bi like my comforts okay!
sure, i am but i prefer to at least know one person lol.
yup like others said, i know an INFJ 2w1 who i mistook for an ENFJ ^_^
i do. i do feel a nice sense of relief once i've finished one and cancel it off though lol.
me and my mum are the same type (ISFJ) my brothers and my dad are IxxP's - my eldest is INFP my other brother is ISTP. my dad is an IxTP. the introversion is stronk. funnily enough i'd say my...
keep thinking you're an ESFP or ISTP, probably because of the avatar. either that or your avatar reminds me of a ESFP or ISTPs avatar? i dunno.  also the avatar combined with your signature makes...
dude. tryna fucking escape Filch in HP and the philosophers stone pc game. jfc. i bet i still couldn't do it today.
yeah i would like to be more P. i wouldn't mind being isfp.
i also can sleep anywhere at anytime. i heard someone say the same about his isfj girlfriend. i put mine down to being so emotionally and physically exhausted from trying to please everyone all the...
yup that would be me
glare behind their back then when they look smile  although if i see them cut in line in front of other people, especially elderly, i will tap them and say sorry they were in front of you and they...
i'm mentally ill and i really hope i've never made my friends feel this way. but i understand where you are coming from, i dropped 2 toxic friendships for the same reasons you did. you've made it...
uhh yeah sure i just figured it wasn't any good and offered them to have something else and feel bad the rest of the day thinking they're still hungry ;-;
SX 6s can seem like 8s.  How long have you known him? Has he always been like this? I'm ISFJ E6 (I think i'm SX-dom too) and I recently have gone through a couple of broken friendships and its...
my best friend is a super awesome, strong, independent ISFP
teach me your ways.
i don't need to love it, as long as it's not going against my morals or making me feel horrible everyday.
i work with a lovely ESFJ lady who just can't sit still, she has to keep doing things for people thinking that's what is needed but it's not, sometimes people just want to be left alone and she...
i don't have a garden i live in apartments but we are looking for our own house in the next few months and my must is a garden!!! and then a dishwasher haha. i help a disabled guy with his garden and...
696554 ^ i had this sort of moment the other day but it was me @ my mum when i saw something about a woman her age dying at an area near where she lives. except i would probably worry even if the...
he doesn't have past relationship experiences. i do. and my past experiences lead me to cling to people actually. i get my freedom/space with him and am able to express myself without fear. we spend...
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE...
dude always
i don't know how other people see me.
welcome fellow scot :proud:
what's to understand? he's a cheat, get away and stop trying to romanticise everything about him, i don't care if you're a dreamer, you're both being stupid.  if a guy can cheat on a girl with you,...
even i don't get my dominant at times. try explaining Si without buzzwords..
i'm 4 years into a relationship with someone who doesn't really get me in that i have a lot of mental health issues and past abuse, whereas he has never known hardship or health problems in his...'"


3703: Maybe ISFP.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lS-j6DAyO3s
Maybe EIE
ISTJ or INFP   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_wpOmM1d8w&list=RD2_wpOmM1d8w
Lii
I think INFJ or ISTP.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yE0w-Ah-j4
Xstp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdu16ob_Jd8&t=409s
Maybe ISFP. Or INFP.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSkA61esq_c
Isfp
Seems ENFJ.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qlsu7RhOnsQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=165&v=0l9kzS_B7gg
I think INFJ
INFJ.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePi5BLJogyA
Hm... I think ISFP.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bNITQR4Uso
Maybe.. ISFP?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbqLCMVRU8o
I think EXFJ.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6-RRoDL9YA
I think E or INFJ   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92zpT4k54EU
I'll try..  1. SE I think 2. Te maybe. 3. Seems Se. 4. Te I think... 5. Probably Se.  Entj or Esfp
EIE/IEI seems right
Infp I think.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3geit04i9DY
Iee
Istp or Intj.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aAUtMuVyDw
Inxj.
ESFP or ISFP I think.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FyjEnoIgTM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7eKVl84h4U
I think IXFJ.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ee4QjCEHHc
Maybe Intj.
IXTP.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvdwkzhI5mQ
ISTJ I think.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eut6OWK2k80&list=RDGMEMQ1dJ7wXfLlqCjwV0xfSNbAVMeut6OWK2k80
Infp maybe...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjJMav60wMY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_gTRRnKysc
Se-SEE
Enfp   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Li5gDRoREvM
I think Intp.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHXfCOjb3fk
I think XSTP.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qk1d4j0u4rY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyDMetmjPdU
Infj.
XSTJ or ENTJ.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Rg3sAb8Id8
I can see INTj, yeah... your avatar seems XSFP to me though.
XNFP I think   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpCkl6kqRpY
https://s20.postimg.org/fct7ke23x/Beau_Bell_-_Family_Values._Oil_on_paper._58_5_x.jpg  https://s20.postimg.org/41qjw0v8t/daa0d9656ff163169afe3d5ebf5a14e7-d527lw4.jpg
Inxj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOcdhQ9KfJA
I think Isfp. Or Istp.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7fzkqLozwA&list=RDGMEMQ1dJ7wXfLlqCjwV0xfSNbAVMa7fzkqLozwA
Ixfj.
ENFP   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfRNRymrv9k&list=RDGMEMb2Vctm4zQjEID_BdYM0vuQVM0nyJr8RzwD8&index=6
Maybe ENXP?    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_f7fbT3ldL8
I think ENFJ.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbGHDgiK3Vc
Sorryy.... Data base Errors..."


3808: 'Yes, I'm glad you guys noticed that- it was a mistake :ninja:
Oh my gosh, a real life Canadian! *grabs one of your hairs for research* :ninja:  Sorry about that, where are my manners? Hello and welcome to PerC purpun! It's nice to meet you.  I'm Jay :)
lycanized ISTP
I'm an ISFJ, Fe-dom. When someone is unjustifiably yelling at me I will remain silent and just wait for the person's barrage of nonsense to end.  After the intense attack I will usually feel hurt...
Hello and welcome, Audrey! :)
I'm often considered a bit of a dweeb because I enjoy work.  It goes with the feeling of being needed, I suppose? It's not necessarily that I find it fun or exciting, I just like being busy and...
I say work what you've got, Gasaraki. There are pros and cons to every function.  Don't spend all your time and energy trying to change.   Anyways, almost forgot: welcome to the forum! :kitteh:
Hello and welcome to the forum Shimmering Softspoken 1  I'm a pretty good conversationalist :D
I can't really say noises annoy me more than the next fella- BUT.  Big butt.  I can completely relate to what jehneefur wrote.  I also can't stand anyone messing with my hair or touching my stomach. ...
What about 'em? ;) If this is a who's your personal favorite captain? question it's Janeway. :blushed:  Please don't kill me x_x
I use essential oils, I have a pretty big collection going.  It's awesome because they have so many practical uses.  I would have to say my favorite is sandalwood.  It's such a calming and clean...
Aw thanks.  I'm glad someone thinks so.  :)
Thank you for the welcome, Bear987.
Hello and welcome KaiteW I'm also pretty new here.  I hope to see some of your contributions here soon :D
I completed high school and I am currently enrolled in college studying veterinary medicine.  2 years left, then off to vet school.
Close-mindedness.    Lacking in the confidence department- I like it when a guy isn't afraid to take control, speak his mind or point out problems that should be addressed.   Clingy/Neediness.
Privacy? What is this privacy you speak of? :)
Hello, AudreyGail I'll have to look into it then I'll share my thoughts.
Hello, Jubilees! :) I took multiple courses in psychology while in college (it's not my major, though) I find it very interesting! Perhaps you would be willing to share your knowledge of the subject...
Hello and welcome to PerC, SynergeX! :D It's definitely interesting stuff to look into and learn about.   Have fun in the forum! :D
Sell some junk you no longer need/use on Ebay! :) Have a garage sale?  Babysit?  :D
Hello and welcome to the forum bagelsan!  Lurk and absorb all you'd like.  It would be interesting to have your input on certain topics, though, I'm sure.  So don't be shy! :happy:
Welcome, 997. I'm new here as well.  I'm interested by that idea as well... I hope we can find more information on this!  :shocked:
Hello, fellow ISFJ AST and welcome to the forum!
Hello and welcome, Rozza! I'm new here as well, so we can both feel intimidated together lol.
Hello and welcome to the forum, bacon. Mmm bacon.  I love bacon.
Hey, Mountmiles!  I wish you all the best on your journey to discovering more about yourself. :)
Hello and welcome Bennantg! It's nice to meet you.  :)
I'm glad you were able to discover your true type! :)
Hello and welcome to the forum Celestial_Booger.  Let me just say: I love your name and your siggy.   :)
Hello and welcome to the forum, poeteop.  It is super neat and there are lots of fun discussions and cool people here.  Except for Mr. CafeBot.  You have to watch out for him.  ;)
Hello, Hahawhatyesno welcome to the forum.  Be careful where you poke.:shocked:
Hello and welcome! :)
Hello and welcome! What's your college major? (if you don't mind me prying...) :')
Hello and welcome! Enjoy your stay.  :')
Howdy, wishey and welcome! It's nice to meet you.  This is certainly a great place for learning more in regards to MBTI and meeting great people :D
It's the same story for me.  I actually hadn't realized how much of a community existed for MBTI enthusiasts.  It's just wonderful meeting others who share this type of interest.    Anyways, back to...
Hello, friend!  And welcome to the party, AKA Personality Cafe.  Haha enjoy yourself and have fun in the forums :D
Hello and welcome!  Lucky for you there are plenty of resources online that you can utilize to further expand your knowledge of MBTI. I wish you all the best, Chtoffee!  XO
Hi, Justin.  I'm Jay.  It's nice to meet you! I, too, am new to this site.  Have fun and I hope to hear more from you in the near future.  :proud:
Hey, all!   I'm Jay. :) I was introduced to MBTI in a high school psychology class and was immediately intrigued and spent many hours studying the types and functions. It wasn't until recently...'"


3857: 'The Life of Elizabeth I by Alison Weir
The Life of Elizabeth I by Alison Weir
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTQ6JjAEdGA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlbZnv5DApY
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sS_PSvo_Tzo
Update!  Received a call from another place today. They want to have a interview with me this Thursday. I agreed.  Wish me luck!
And no more hijacking my threads please! Go make your own threads!
I might have to go do that.
I did twice. But the company's answer machine picked up (both times).
Where to begin...  I did an interview for a part-time position in a department store (to help pay for school and gas mainly) about a month ago. After the interview was over, the woman who was doing...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0spZ8VAeS8
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPqZqAfTpyc
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ylDDs3mdJE
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6HXS11l4sw
http://cdn.uproxx.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/RELAXED-CAT.jpg  Note: Please ignore the two attached thumbnails pictures. I'm still learning on how to post pictures here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klPGfv9Swbw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJqCohp2gM4
I think this is more punk and mellow, but this is also alternative:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiMZq3mcwl4
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sE7xyn28wjg
Yes, SJs can be creative.  For example, I'm creative and have a vivid imagination. I play the piano and write fiction.
I'm a 9w8.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMTcq4BlZag
Getty's Burger
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hATkkSnDoTY
Audiosurf
Moderately introverted and a morning person. Know some extroverts that are night owls.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZo8gUCt2hM
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_pg29keUCU
Mainly English. Know some Spanish.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYfIGqeTrJE
Like all genres of music, but I been enjoying trip hop lately.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZweDwbJ_Ic
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZbgyKJkHxQ
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HnF5T4Neuc
I'm with the majority. Life is not simpler for sensors, even though it seems so on the outside.
What's your top 10 favorite albums?   Here's my top 10 favorite albums in no particular order:    Mezzanine by Massive Attack  Ceremonials by Florence and the Machine  Diaspora by Natacha...
That will be nice. I love belly dancing and seeing belly dancers perform. Hopefully I start back learning it during this summer.
Most of the time I keep personal things to myself, but if I have to let it out (or it will affect me the negative way), I talk to my close friend.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-r2JUXiMwA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NC5Z9snaac
ISFJ here!  My favorite genres are: Electronica Trip-Hop Classical Alternative Dance Soul
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqJdnCvERiw
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bXCjQj5OhY
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3oRZQiLGLI
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4NgOSJQ_4s
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcS_g92tBIs
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbkRvclQS4M
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xysfYhyUNg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lcZ0redg1s
You Are a Seeker Soul  You are on a quest for knowledge and life challenges. You love to be curious and ask a ton of questions. Since you know so much, you make for an interesting...'"


3872: 'You're standing in line at your local supermarket, and some teen cuts in front of you. What would you think inwardly? Do outwardly?  I would be completely irritated but I wouldn't say anything and...
Based on this I would lean more towards INFP.    Do you relate more to descriptions of dominant Ti or Fi?    What about inferior Fe and Te?    I find this to be a good resource Masterpost:...
My initial thought was INTP but then it morphed to more of an ISFP/INFP vibe later on.    I have read that Ne can cause people to have a harder time finding their type because they can see so many...
My husband is an ISFP.  It is a good match for us.  We both prioritize family time and enjoy spending a lot of time together.  I am the planner and the idea person.  He is the person who actually...
It really depends on the person.  I have known fun, positive ENTPs and I have also known negative ENTPs that try to provoke and get a rise out of everyone.  I personally don't like it when someone...
I'm assertive with people I know well.  I'm too afraid to speak up when I'm with people I am not comfortable with.
I am very sentimental and I hate to part with anything.  I still feel regret about some of my old clothes that I gave away last time we moved.
This is an interesting question.    I prefer getting news via text or email because then I can absorb it and process how I feel about it before having to respond.  I inadvertently offended someone...
I type as N whenever I take the traditional tests but reading about the functions I strongly relate to Si-dom and inferior Ne.  Probably in that atmosphere I would put INFJ on my door because most...
I took the test for a class in college and got ISTJ.  Now I always test as INFJ.  Learning about the functions I realized I relate to Si-dom a lot so I claimed ISFJ.    There is actually a lot...
Your personality type is: Advocate (INFJ-A)  I always score INFJ on traditional MBTI tests but I relate more to Si-Ne than Ni-Se once the functions are included.
I have seen Sansa typed as a few different types: ISFJ, ISFP and ESFP.  Her portrayal in the book and the show are a bit different so I'm not sure which one I agree with.  What aspects of her do you...
On a different thread I just did a guess your type based on the 5 fictional characters you relate to.  Mine were:  1.  Monica from Friends 2.  Rory from Gilmore Girls 3.  Willow from Buffy 4. ...
I would guess INFP for you based on the crushes  My characters that I relate to:  1.  Monica from Friends   569642  2. Rory from Gilmore Girls
I spend a lot of time daydreaming too.  I think that is a common introvert trait.  We can pull within ourselves and get great entertainment from our inner worlds.    I think wanting to be admired...
My maternal grandparents I would guess are ESTJ (Gramma) and EXFP (Grandpa) No idea for the other set.    My mom is ESFJ.  My dad is INTP.  I am ISFJ and my brother is ENTP.  Strangely, people have...
INFJ.  Fun test!
Thank you.  That is very helpful.  I think I will have to look into ISTJ more.
Socionics has subtypes so an ENTj could be a Te subtype or an Ni subtype.  I'm not sure if MBTI has that though.
As a mother of 4 I completely relate to ISFJ descriptions now. Before having children though I don't think I had a lot of Fe at all which makes me wonder if I should look more at ISTJ.  Do you think...
My score: 19  1. I am easily overwhelmed by strong sensory input. 2. I seem to be aware of subtleties in my environment. 3. Other peoplex92s moods affect me. 4. I tend to be very sensitive to...
Best: SFPs or NFJs Worst: NTJs or ESTP
ISFJ - reading all types of fiction books, reading non-fiction history and geography books, hiking, camping, swimming, watching TV, yoga, crocheting, starting MOOCs and then not finishing them
I have a hard time with this because I don't think gifts are that important so it is hard for me to put much effort into giving them.
I could see an immature ISFJ being prone to being gullible especially if Ti hasn't been developed much.  I don't necessarily think that is the norm for ISFJs though.    I think ISFJs could be...
I think the combination of Si and Fe can make someone very good at reading people.  Si will notice the details and Fe will use their understanding of people's feelings to get a good idea of what is...
I usually test as Phlegmatic in 1st place but the other 3 are closely scored so I'm not sure what my 2nd would be.
I really don't like the way the types are grouped.  I agree with Zen about grouping them as SF and STs.    I don't think ESJs are rude though.  I think you have just come across an immature person...
I think ISFPs are great and I do admire their creativity and adventurous nature.  I love being a J though so no.
Yes most people underestimate my intelligence and capabilities.  I frequently get mistaken for a teenager even though I am double that age so people are surprised when they get to know me.
Gender: male Age: 19-29 Intelligence: gifted Openness: conservative MBTI personality profile: ISFJ Closest alternative we found: ISFP
I am witty and fun.  I enjoy intellectual pursuits.  I care for others but not to the point of being a doormat.  I like trying new things that make sense.  I have no interest in gossip.   My memory...
Interesting analysis.  I shuddered about Kim and Kanye being ISFJs lol.    I think compatibility is pretty complex.  It was fun reading this breakdown.
Very true.  I have always thought it odd that coming up with realistic ideas that can be used in real life is considered shallow while coming up with wild and crazy ideas that are impossible to...
ISFJ - Ravenclaw - Thunderbird
I definitely believe that it is never too late to change your life path and pursue a new passion.  I do go through phases where I fantasize about ways my life could be different if I had made...
Maybe this is an inferior Ne thing that can be developed?  I do prefer to focus on one thing at a time if it is possible but I have also learned multitasking skills since I am now a mother and many...
My daughter may be an ENTJ but she is a bit young to type for sure.  I love her confidence and leadership skills.    I am an SJ with an NT parent (my dad is an INTP) I hated how he was constantly...
Energetic 52% Expressive 64% Private 88% Joyful 92% Friendly 60% Solitary 72% Imaginative 56% Conceptual 68% Traditional 60% Insightful 96%
I took it once and got INTJ which made me burst out laughing so I took it again and got ISFP so closer anyway.
I make a weekly meal plan first.  I figure out a grocery list based on that.  I keep all of my past grocery receipts so then I estimate how much the trip is going to cost and adjust the list if...
I have always longed to be an early bird but I struggle to get out of bed even if I go to bed early.  I voted night owl because I used to be that before children.
I really related to more in-depth descriptions of Si and Fe.  Reading some of the ISFJ profiles I didn't necessarily find myself because some of them only seem to be focus on being traditional,...
ISFJ.  I got the Executive.  Executives tend to be people of vision. They consider their own ideas as carefully as they consider ideas that others put before them, and they're adept at organizing...
Sorry about replying to each post individually but I hope to hit 15 soon so I can see signatures :)
Thanks I will check out those links :)
Thanks!
Thanks!
Thanks!  I have a soft spot for huskies.
Thank you!'"


3914: 'NineTypesOfLight And hello to you, I am from and in Poland. Yeah, I am more of a housewife, sometimes taking illustration commissions, so that's still working from home. There's always room for more...
Again, thank you everyone for your support, this is exactly what I needed (and I'm sure I'll be visiting back here as needed in the future). I have plenty of ideas how to go about making friends. I'm...
Wow thanks you guys for all your kind words and tips. I am actually trying to feel a part of a community in a couple of ways - joining in on weekly comic drawing challenges on tumblr, attending...
Hello, fellow ISFJs. So sorry to be posting this. It is attention seeking. Because I feel like I truly need some and don't know where to get it. I feel so ashamed for having to resort to this. I...
Wow, today was not that good. I need these little moments  - I got a bird and tree atlas as a present from my mom! - I ate some decent chocolate and cherry cake - I wrote some (simple) sentences...
I like writing morning pages, but I can never stick to them (because  I'm thrown off my rhythm by others who I feel I have to take care of,  they take priority and then there's no time... sigh,...
oh wow, i posted in the wrong thread, but I'll keep this spot for later this evening :)
For me soothing anxiety and sorting things out are two completely different things. Unless you mean that the unsorted things are causing anxiety? For just anxiety, I remind myself that this is...
Oh wow, I love receiving things. Especially if they are thoughtful and really true to my needs/interests. But I get really angry at gifts that are completely thoughtless. I don't mind at all when...
pixie85 How exciting! woww! congratulations!
Today's things were: - a wonderful minerals show! - delicious samosas - working out ideas for a new oracle (or just expanding on one I've been collecting pieces for for years) Fun!
Oh no, I didn't write yesterday?? Oh well, today's are: - Studio Ghibli films <3 - pizza! - massage from boyfriend
- got sick an awful lot - already didn't want to play with others, prefering a book over playtime - loved building blocks and my chalkboard (drew a lot of churches for some reason) - had my firs...
Humm! Things to ponder. 1. I think the first phase of my development as a child was greatly influenced (for the good) by growing up abroad. It helped shape positive attitudes and really broadened my...
- I met the most wonderful woman today, an elderly lady running a buddhist charity concentrated on helping people in jail. 15 minutes with her and I'm so much calmer and resolved about becoming a...
Aww maybe you need another one, pixie85? Our (debatably) cutest cat clings only to the boyfriend. But it's ok, our second cutest cat choses me to sleep with and to drool on. We also have one more...
Hmmm my three good things for today were: - wonderfully warm weather (good for popsicles in the sun) - I managed to buy all the little things I needed within walking distance from home - I'm proud...
I feel you. Whenever I need to go out of the apartment I spy at the door to see if any of the neighbours are bustling about on the stairwell. Especially our direct neighbours - three college girls....
perfect afternoon on the balcony, with muffins, lemonade, sunshine and reading i ordered myself a proper spindle, finally <3 sister's cat was mercyfully not-whiny today - I don't mind comforting...
There's a lot I could say about learning to draw in general, but if you need help with just this specific drawing I think I would say: - observe! Don't think I'm drawing the eye now because your...
*sigh* Today has been difficult (I think my grandpa is dying?), but here are some things I liked: - his face when I gave him a hand drawn hang in there card - not having to cook dinner after...
My things for today: - breakfast to bed, from boyfriend :) - people ordering new commissions from me - a nice walk in the sunny park
Well, I didn't really explain the method - there's quite a few steps and they require examples to be properly illustrated. But now if anyone is interested they know where to look :)
I know, I might just do that if it becomes relevant to the plot. In Jung's method you work with images, so the image would be of a deserted planet - the fact that the in-dream me knows it's because...
Getting at the subconscious meaning behind it is what I understand dream interpretation to be :) I use Jung's Inner Work method for that, but don't particularly feel like delving into this dream,...
Thud! Terry Pratchett Night watch Sergei Lukyanenko The sacred and the prophane Mircea Eliade :)
Quite a long thread here, so maybe it's already been mentioned, but I know nobody here ever knows what I'm talking about when I reminisce about the Wuzzles :/
Well, if anyone likes that sort of thing I think I can contribute quite some interesting content to this thread :D  Last night, my dream took place in a post zombie/nuclear apocalypse world. There...
cna37 Aww thank you! I did, actually. I told my partner about alllll my troubles and he actually wasn't defensive like most other times, he was very supportive and understanding :) Maybe things will...
I don't know if that's too much... If you had a whole bottle by yourself every night, that might be a signal. Or if you absolutely couldn't go without the glass of wine... But I think it's actually...
Here are mine for today: 1. the smell of wet soil (finally, after months and months of snow and ice) 2. a nice conversation with my sister, she's working out her problems even though she doesn't...
InAName That's exactly how I got here :D Yes, it was such a relief to read some of the examples. I think I'll go there now and thank some posts, now that I'm a registered user.
pixie85  All of that sounds really nice! I'm glad I'm in a place in my life right now that I can not be jealous :)
Is anyone up for this? I saw the INFPs had this type of thread a few years ago, we can have our own. So, let's remind ourselves of the little and big things that bring happiness and hope every day! I...
Do I feel close to people of my type or do I feel that the type description is close to who I see myself as?  Because both :)
Sometimes I wish people would go out of their way for me, really - anything, to show they are prioritizing me over something else. I've learned not to expect things. And this makes me sad. I wish I...
I was reading about this earlier today - I love it. I would want to hand it out to everyone. I remember at my dad's funeral - I didn't have time to process my own feelings (you know, actually seeing...
Try to think of life as a video game - you have to go out of the first room and do something in order for it to be interesting and progress into a story. Sitting quietly in the room is ok, but you're...
Yes! So many more things make me tear up now o_O I'm 27. I can't with the feels, especially flashmobs. It just moves me that people can just do fun things with strangers, just enjoying and creating a...
Hi! There are others :) Come into our warm corner of the cafe, it doesn't seem to be as active as other parts, but it sure is the coziest :P
ISFJ, 9w1 here.  I have a couple: art and some personal posts here mood boards (could be interesting?) here random reblogs of things that I find funny, useful, important - here :)
A lot of it is to do with the material you choose. I am an avid reader but some things I just can't stomach, can't force myself to get into. Most of those are the classics. I did read the Clockwork...
The original files are bigger than that, so something weird must have happened.  Yeah, it's adventure time fanart. One of Marceline and Bubblegum, the other is a character for this poleplaying game...
ISFJ Gryffindor. I wasn't expecting it, I thought more Ravenclaw/Hufflepuff, but once I was in Gryffindor I totally embraced it, so maybe they got it right?
6728067279 Some fanart of mine :)  And it's my first time posting images, I can't figure out why they're so tiny..?
Ooh yes! I was thinking maybe the effect of spreading an area of calm around them, like a field of peace. Putting a warm blanket over everything *dreamy* (that might be my wing in 1 talking. Or the...
I would say I'm 90% happy. The only things that are missing is: - worrying less about money. It doesn't keep me up at night but there is an underlying sense of insecurity permeating daily life. Like...
My favourite part is when evereyone is off to work. And I don't feel responsible about having to feed them or anything and I can just do my own things, with enough time to get into them and know I...
Oh wow! I thought it's my ISFJness that made me a horrible liar, but I guess not :D Seriously, lying is so difficult for me. Most of the time I just don't see the point, it's so much effort and so...
Well, this is going to be complicated! I am an ISFJ and can't really decide on religion. I know I am all against dogmatic indoctrination, or the institution of the Church. If people want to believe...'"


3958: I got the same
my first name and bday, been using this sn since middle school, although I shouldn't do my bday and haven't done so for any new sn's
enjoy the anatomy and good weight
in(freakin)credible
140329 140337 140345 140353
Found a bunch that I like hope you enjoy  140257 140273 140297 140305 140313
I feel like I could be Lumiere from Beauty and the Beast
My biggest problem is that I've succumbed to lust before, with my ex we were very sexually active, so much that I've fallen to one of the 7 deadly sins.  As a result of this, I can't help but look...
You are a Researcher Researchers are curious people with a knack for organization. They love gathering data and then making sense of it. Accuracy is very important to the Researcher. They prefer...
As for majors, I have been jumping from psychology, dental assistant, pharmacology, radiological technologist, and then my dad suggested to do art so I was in computer animation for 1 1/2 years....
i feel like a jack in the box sometimes, 2-5 days in the box and 1-2 outside socializing
woohoo!
What do you see? I see a good looking, quiet/shy guy, who's quite skilled in many different things but can get pretty down right stubborn and cocky/arrogant. Also prone to act boastful and superior...
-My mother is ESFJ, I had her recently take the test and it definitely fits her, she's very outgoing and caring -Father is INFJ, he's very intellectual and a bit hard to get along with at times, but...
MAJESTIC CASUAL, please enjoy :]  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjgxmtUAwTg  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAHqOqnp0WY ...
I think the product must be good quality and something believable, I worked in sales for a metal welding company and their welders sucked! I hated to tell people buy this it's great! I dislike lying...
you are a considerate architect.  Your preference for concrete, visually pleasing things, combined with your confidence and your respect for order make you an ARCHITECT.  You are logical and...
269 good sam
being hurt by a close friend or family member :/ (depending) then of course if someone I cared about passed away, but im sure that's for everyone  i usually don't cry that much, would much rather...
1 friend whos out in korea for school and out of my family I would say my sister im closest to.. also my dad for intellectual discussions, very stimulating ^^  for tips, I would say to be more...
kyo your avatar is aweesome!
Yes, I made my sister take the quiz and she's much more ISFJish than I am. We have always got along well are very similar in thinking.
Your Inner Animal is a Moose  Your unique characteristics and impressive presence make others notice you when you walk in. You have a big heart but tend to prefer quiet time alone and occasional...
If I really like her, then inside (my feelings) have been crushed by an acme piano. My exterior though will be pretty much well guarded kind of.. some tears might escape.  mm before this I would...
I love this! loll
I do the same thing, although I don't really know why
The both of you are very thoughtful and smart in thinking/caring for each other's future, I hope the best for you two!
You're very thoughtful and kind. This type of thing is very hard for me to do, I want to be in a relationship pretty badly and it would take me quite the courage to tell the other person that we...
This for me is quite dead on, I'm in a phase where I'm trying to initiate first move with girls / trying to break out of my fear of rejection shell, but veryy slowly and cautiously lol
some pics with best friend 73249 73250 73251 73252 73253
Really good perspectives in this thread, it's interesting to see how others react/feel about negative aspects of ISFJ's, now I'm armed with a little bit more info for self improvement ^^
tenderheart and earthgirl summed it up for me as well, one thing I would like to add though is my competitiveness in sports like volleyball. It feels really good to go all out on a championship game...
enneagram for me is weird, I'm different kind of a bunch of times I'm a mix of these: 1, 2, 3, 6, 9   when I test I'm pretty spread out evenly among some of these but some are stronger than others...
Edit: Sorry, I read the title wrong :/, I listed what I would like in a person, I'm not so good at knowing what someone's type is exactly  -quiet yet sometimes extroverted, this one is big to me...
Receiving in public when people are watching you, yes, it's uncomfortable I'd rather be in a smaller group or one on one when receiving.
If I transfer to UCSB I'll be Economics and Accounting major (want to be an accountant)  -pet peeve: people beating around the bush
This is random, but I've seen your avatar a couple times and it's really awesome! Love the stained glass light effect
I like to either do sports to get my mind off of things or maybe even better I would also like to meditate especially out in nature.
-I'm currently trying to get to know this girl I like in school and first thing I noticed was how cute she was and in the beginning of the school quarter, I would try to sit closer and closer to her...
28 out of 36
Kayness your stuff is awesome
Here are some class assignments I've done in the past year   https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-snc7/320966_10150255746357820_717967819_8048456_2004233_n.jpg...
Loving the bunny's dig in face, and the angry face on ms. bunny great stuff.
-If I let criticism get to me then I feel real bad and sad inside -I can ignore it really and pretend I didn't hear it to protect myself from getting hurt too easily -I do my best to accept it and...
Same with me hah
http://a1.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc3/15742_170478782819_717967819_3369416_4482173_n.jpg Probably the best Halloween I've ever dressed up for.
I like to do an physical activity like sports. Doing sports for some reason always gets my mind off of things.
sf or la is a big difference in distance it would cost a bit to just hang out. Maybe if the group is large enough can have 2 meet up locations like sf and la.
here northern cal
Pretty much the same for me good read."


3965: 'Half the time I feel like it's OK to still be upset with the ending of things. On the other hand, it also feels like I'm probably prolonging things by holding onto the past that doesn't exist any...
Function-wise, you do sound more ISFJ than INFP.   The whole dissecting and analysis of past, present and future would certainly be more of a Ti thing than a Te.  I really like looking to the...
I think when it comes down to the whole communication thing.For some people, understanding your past, what you're like in the present and what your dreams are for the future is all part of getting to...
Duplicate post.
I guess I'm not really sure how to move on from her. To accept that I'll never speak to her again and just continue with our own paths.   Or to try and talk to her, even though she no longer...
It wasn't the literal words. The sentence was pretty vague.  Honestly with you I was like the lowest point of my life. Breaking up with you, I have been so much better. The fact that you didn't...
It's weird since she is probably one of the most considerate and kindest individuals I know. The issues she had with me were that I was at times quite selfish and became quite stubborn. I think she...
How do ISFPs come with breakups especially as a dumper?  Mine ended in a really bad way. She went through a really a negative period of time and started losing her feelings for me. I decided to end...
Depends whether he feels happy with finding cheap stuff. I'm quite cheap when it comes to myself but I don't think it's a low self-esteem thing. It may be just how he sees values in items.  It's...
You should probably show him this.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWv1VdDeoRY  Just sounds like there is a lot of pressure to succeed. I don't think people realise how often this pressure can...
This thread made me question momentarily whether slaves can be raped which was promptly answered with an immediate Duh. Of course they can.  Granted, even if people in the past might have viewed...
I think when it comes to discussion about arranged marriages. It's important to note that they aren't all the same thing as forced marriage.  It's odd to think about it, but one of my uncle and...
It's not that you need to stop giving her honest advice. It's about realising when it is appropriate, and learning to deliver information in way that doesn't cause people to become defensive. It's...
Most of my post below is going to come across as pretty critical.    You just need to think more carefully about how words can be interpreted in different ways. Why would it be lucky if the job...
For me, it was when they started replacing cartoons with live action dramas of teenagers.  Granted some of it was still really good. I loved watching things like Bernard's watch, Queens nose, Fresh...
Yep. I don't believe stereotypes are always harmful. I basically view them as heuristic tools for quickly making assessments and understanding our surroundings.  I just don't think the whole gender...
Yeah. Unfortunately, these stereotypes can also continue to exist because of confirmation bias of misinterpreted information. I just see them as harmful.  The whole girls and STEM subjects is...
Any idea that contains large quantities of contradictory information would effectively be useless, MBTI is no exception to this. It's the whole reason people get into debates about the MBTI theory...
I realise you mean well Liz but the whole gender psychology stereotypes is just too much. It's not useful.
1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type? The enneagram 6w5 profile seems very accurate for me, where I need a lot of reassurance that I am doing things well. As far as I...
I don't know how much you guys would identify with this, but if I could choose a position that most represents what I want, it'd be the commitee member.  Not quite the full blown leader, where...
Second this so much. The guy sounds like a complete douche.
You need to step up the boundary. I suspect that he'll just do what I might do and keep on pushing and pushing to test where the boundaries are with regards to friendship-relationship. At the moment,...
So it's possible that I might not be an ISFJ but an ISFP instead. One thing that I've always been sort of aware of myself is a narcissistic tendency to think about who I am, what my feelings are and...
So I've been informed that I might be an ISFP since I come across as having large amounts of introverted feeling. The only issue I've had with this idea is that my mental image of ISFPs are generally...
Yeah it seems a little messed up how they are being judged upon very little. But I suspect there will be more to this than what is currently being given.
Ignore me post.
Perhaps I've become very pessimistic but I don't think love itself is enough to sustain a relationship. There has to be some element of compatibility.  You can love someone and still realise that...
That does certainly sound more Fi orientated than Fe orientated. You've sold me. :) The whole enneagram 6 was something new to me as well. I never in the past thought to associate it with mistaking...
Honestly, it doesn't really sound like you should be with her.  You might love her as a person but it doesn't sound like you are romantically in love with her. It's only been 9 months and you have...
Thanks! Unfortunately, nothing here really screams out one type or another. I think realistically the only thing you can do is to continue reading about the different functions and the...
The main thing about going down this path is understanding what it takes to become a psychologist. I graduated with a psychology undergraduate degree and am now pursuing my teaching postgraduate...
11) You find harmony by making sure everyone is doing fine and belonging to a given group or by making sure that you follow what you believe and being yourself?  The latter.  Why do you value the...
This is so true. Sometimes I'm never even sure myself whether I've just basically come up with some BS theory that fit the data. It starts off with trying to explain things logically - grabbing some...
If I were better at creating test,  I think I'd develop it with the intention to get people to score as sensors. At the moment, I feel like more people that are uncertain are likely to score...
Just been watching an episode of a new anime that was recently realised and it's been super interesting reading all the comments that have been posted under the video section.  Death Parade Episode...
Fi would be capable of doing this.  At the same time, it's also possible for it not to do this. It's completely dependent on the individual's self-awareness of their emotional moods. I find that...
Think it'd be best to ease the parents into the view of bisexuality by discussing this sort of stuff. Granted, conversations are kind of awkward so it might be easier to observe their reaction by...
Cross posting this. Just curious how other sensors here find this test in terms of accuracy for themselves. ...
Just cross posting this for other sensors to do. How well do you find this test is able to capture your type? ISFJ. ...
Just curious how other sensors find this test in general.   http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/389466-find-your-personality-type-quiz.html#post12420562
My main concern would be how sensors would normally react to this questionnaire.  While I don't think there would be too much issue with it typing people who identify as Ns (especially those on...
That website is also the website who suggests all N are more intelligent than S. It is utterly convinced in its logic. I wouldnt give it too much credit.
Just thought I'd throw this piece of information in. I need to purchase the whole book eventually at one point to read.  Dario Nardi's Neuroscience of Personality   Si types: Brain activity...
Think it ultimately comes down to the fact that I don't feel that the description has captured everything that I experience within, therefore I'm trying to explain it in more depth.  I spent a lot...
Guess it might be a semantic and interpretation issue. It comes down to whether you consider abstract reality to be a concept or not?  For me, the internal world of a Si user is represented by...
Reading the information provided.  I felt compelled to search up the terms of visual perception and visual processing. I would argue that the perceiving functions are already at the information...
Without reading the spoilers. I would have originally given the basic description of Se being that it captures reality utilising external stimuli (playing with the idea of extroverted sensation)....
I do agree with the idea of mixing thoughts and feelings with the physical sensations within (surprise, confusion, anger) would make something concrete. Granted, it just makes me think that most...
I don't really think it is possible through will power alone.  I don't think it's impossible however given that brain damage often results in very different types of personality depending on the...'"


3973: 'I'm seemingly obsessed with INFPs? My last two relationships have been INFPs and then I have an INFP crush and an INFP friend I really like hanging out with. I think I envy/enjoy how relaxed they...
I wish more professors did this. Actually. My one professor let me drop my partner once we got into different material and now he actually turns up for class and prob does better on assignments than...
Thanks for the replies guys!   MadCatter Thanks. I sort of had a relapse with my depression within the last 3 years and never got help until a few months ago and started to see a counselor on campus...
Hey guys (it's been awhile :3 I still recognize a few users <33)  So I'm an engineer in college at the moment and have found it extremely difficult to work in groups with other classmates. They are...
Liminality Oh shiz son. Will read. Thanks. <3
Woah man. I've never done anything like that. The whole marriage and babies thing after like 3 months would have scared the fawk out of me. I dunno how old you guys are, but I'm 21 and I've only ever...
I definitely bottle up my feelings so that I'm not a bother to those around me, but I've been trying really hard to fix it. It might take me a couple hours or a day or so to come out with it, but...
Hey Laney! Welcome to the ISFJ board. Sorry we're so quiet at times. (I personally work two jobs and am at school so I get kinda busy.) I sit there and think about my reply for like an hour and edit...
Just from looking around I loved the Raw converter from Stepok - Download Free Trial of Photo Editing, Manage, Print, Masking, Compositing and then scanned it for malware/viruses and it seems to be...
Woah, I feel kinda violent compared to everyone else. I'm pretty calm and never get into fights except these and I also still stand up to him because he says terrible things to our younger...
bob_toeback Oh yeah I took that at work. I run animations at Ohio State University events. I'm up in a pressbox. XD I don't really have the time to do comics, but I just like creating characters and...
Yay art thread. Since my post I have gotten into knitting. I've knit a (too wide) rainbow scarf, a Gryffindor scarf, a Ravenclaw scarf (seen below), and in the middle of a 2nd Gryffindor scarf. I...
I'm afraid to come off as clingy, but yes I do feel like this a lot. Right now I feel all upset cause my SO just went to bed cause they have work tomorrow. :/ But this may be because I only get to...
Oh wow. So many answers. (Sorry for not replying...I was busy for a few days, big project in school)   Mendi the ISFJ I try not to hold grudges after time has passed because I know I personally...
In the past I've always been super forgiving of those around me and I won't lie it has been too much at times. Ex best friend owes me + my family 2k cause he couldn't afford rent, I kept forgiving...
Haha yeah. Like I can watch movies or talk to friends while knitting. While those combinations are both relaxing and sweet, I don't always go into that state of mind when multitasking and knitting. I...
I found some articles that say that knitting, fishing, and woodcarving (and some other activities I don't remember) give you the same brain waves as meditation if you get really into it. I had...
As a fellow ISFJ, I also feel lost most of the time. I have two jobs that are min wage, but I really enjoy them and they are easy. I also go to college for Engineering. I'm not the greatest at my...
39.5 out of 44 :D
21 year old female computer and electrical engineering student. I like drawing, dressing androgynously, knitting & doing other crafts, playing video games, reading, and math/science. I play drums,...
bob_toeback Hehe. Yeah I've been busy with school and work. @__@ Hoohoo. But since I had a winter break I got to find time for some games. >:D I dunno how many I hours I have total since I have two...
I just started playing Limbo and I have to say it is an extremely intense and fulfilling experience.  EDIT: Oh and Skyrim has been my game of choice for the past month. :P I tried to get into...
Added. :D Nifty idea.
Yeah I don't have any either. That I know of that is... o_o
Yeah if I'm upset I tend to stress bake/cook or clean. It matters. I do it to get my mind off whatever it is I'm worried about and channel it into something a bit more productive. Haha. It helps me...
http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lr4mqfMnVf1qzofzho1_500.png http://d.facdn.net/art/kexxie/1312854575.kexxie_fagkexx.png  Here's my two latest pictures I've done. :3  ...
20 years old, but when I was 16 everyone online thought I was 23. :T Guess my age and personality are becoming more stereo-typically aligned. Haha.
That stupid printer keeps falling asleep cause no one's using it. D:<
I already don't eat much meat and should stop to be honest since it upsets my stomach. I don't really like chocolate that much either though. :/ So it could go either way for me. Haha.
Our favorites of...... 1. What's your favorite number from 1-9? 8 pretty nifty I guess  2. What's your favorite word of saying? (ATM) Nifty, grody, der Radiergummi(The eraser in German), hoohoo...
Multivariable Calculus (Double, Triple Integrals, Partial Derivs, etc) Physics (Waves, Relativity, Nuclear, etc) Language and the Mind Honors  I feel like I'm taking so little classes. Yay for...
Haha. When I read this I thought it was in a thread about Dr. Who and I was right. :P I don't think people realize how much time it would take for someone to actually go back and watch all the old...
I think it's great when other types are willing to post in other threads of different types. You can never have too many different views unless someone's posting to be rude on purpose. I personally...
bob_toeback Yeah. I'd love to play it. I really want to sit there and enjoy the cinematics and story of it, even if it is long. (Although I can see where it would get annoying if you didn't know they...
bob_toeback Man, I've never played the expansions. I've played a wee bit of 1 and I played all the ones that came in the Orange Box. I haven't played MGS 4 yet though. I've played 2 & 3 and then a...
I really enjoy video games and really wish more people appreciated it as a true art form. I don't get to play much during the school year, but some of my favorites are...  Mass Effect Okami...
1. Would you ever consider going bungee jumping/skydiving?  Yeah. I'd probably read up on safety procedures myself though and then go to a professional place.  2. Would you ever consider getting...
What colours do you like to wear? I tend to go for more earthy tones in my clothes. My most common are tan, brown, green, blue, black, and grey. People have told me I look really good in orange and...
Ah sorry. I didn't read every post. My bad. Continue as was. @__@
Elliptical. Even though it makes me feel sick sometimes due to the movement I hate running. ; ^ ;   Treadmill or Track.   **Also, I noticed this thread has once again gone off track from the...
1. Doubting myself and stressing about things 2. I also bite my nails, but because I really don't like fingernail clippers... ;  ^  ; 3. Stop eating milk products, despite how delicious they are...
My first love in the arts is drawing. I do most of my drawing digitally, but haven't been able to lately. I've really come to love digital painting as well. (I made my icon myself of my cartoon...
I always remember really obscure moments of my past. I can go about as far back as 5 years old or so. (I'm almost 21 now) I don't really try to remember a lot of these things, I just do and there are...
People have always told me I act way older than I actually am. When I was like 16 I played WoW for a bit and my friends in my guild all thought I was 27. Or sometimes I'll joke with my friends that...
My INFP boyfriend (username: lonewolf). He introduced me to MBTI and then to the site. :D Later found out my other INFP friend (Kastor) was also on here! lol
Harley Quinn even though she can get annoying sometimes. I haven't rode a bike in forever.   A gnarly Schwinn or a Vespa scooter?
Sunburn. It hurts for a bit, but atleast it's funny and then later you can peel your skin off and chase people with it.   Poison Ivy or Harley Quinn?
Your primary VALSx99 type is Maker, and your secondary type is Experiencer.
Hm. I'm an ISFJ female in a relationship with an INFP male and this doesn't sound anything like our relationship. So I don't feel like I'll be of much help. I'll speculate a bit on it though.   Her...
I'm pansexual (This includes the fact that are more than two genders, but most people just think of it as a fancier word for bisexual. :/) and in real life some people find me sort of dykey or...'"


4051: 'But he did post on April Fool's day, at 148AM according to my time.
I usually tip only if I am eating at a restaurant (not fast food) or drinking at a bar.  Typically I will tip 15% if I receive average service up to 20% if I receive great service.  However, I have...
School was a long time ago. . . but based on high school, I'd say I found these subjects to be easy to study/apply:    1) Latin 2) History 3) Math  ^ditto to the other subjects. Though I made...
I'm a 6w5 ISFJ.  I'm not sure what to tell you about myself though.  Let me know if you have any specific questions.
Rave: I'm going to get a little over $1800 back as a result of my federal and state tax returns!  I still can't believe that my taxable income to the federal government was $0 this year (as a result...
As my agency has frozen hiring (except for some really critical exceptions), applying to the government right now doesn't seem that favorable.  I think my agency still has applications up for people...
Rant: I'm not happy about the sequestration situation.  If Congress doesn't get its act together soon, it's likely that I'll end up only being able to work 64 hours a pay period rather than 80. . . ....
Rant: I'm kind of angry at my coworker for telling me in a few situations that I had not attempted to perform the appropriate research before coming to her with some of the questions I had, or had...
Figure out whether Ti or Ne is your inferior function.  There should be articles on inferior functions and how they affect personality through a google search, but I do not know where they are.
Rant: I found out that the main contacts of the audit that I am working on will be out of the country for a long time.  The audit is due at the end of the month.
I wouldn't respect someone less based on his or her furniture.  It wouldn't matter to me.
Hufflepuff!!!!!!!  Except I am an ISFJ so this pole doesn apply to me.
Rant: I have a bad cold/the flu right now.  I am not sure which.    Rant: I have not been productive at work the last two days. Being somewhat sick has made it hard to focus on work.  It also...
Type 6-1-2 the supporter.    Granted I feel like my 2 is pretty weak and I could have 3w2 as my heart fix.
What types of issues do you have with trust?  Do you fear that people won't pull their weight at work?  Or that people that are close to you will hurt you?   I guess I don't know how to respond...
Rave: I was back home from work at 4PM today.  Yay for staff conferences!    Rant: This week has been stressful with all the x-mas shopping.
Rave: I have ideas for all the christmas presents I will be buying.    Rave: I managed to find a really cute blazer at Banana Republic.  It was only $45 after the 70% clearance.  I really needed a...
I don't have time to type much.  But I will make the following comment:    On the Big 5/SLOAN test (which is like MBTI), there is an added variable for neuroticism.  (Look up Big 5 personality...
This six description makes us sound like losers.  I don't related to the following (in red).
I am a contract auditor.  I run audits to make sure clients are complying with the terms of their contracts and with regulations for government contracts.  This is an accounting position, and I am...
Now it really depends on what you are studying.  You will probably be paying for most of the costs if you are trying to get a professional degree (business masters degrees, social work, clinical...
I don't think that list is very accurate for some people, such as Governor Romney.    Unfortunately I don't follow rap music, so I wouldn't be able to help you on this.
It all depends on what I need to discuss.  I prefer to use Microsoft Office Communicator (live IM at work) to get basic information, talk to someone at work if it is too difficult to discuss in...
Rave: I had a great weekend.  My boyfriend and I got to go to a history museum, a bar, and a boat tour by moonlight in Washington DC.  Then yesterday we got some Vietnamese food and watched a movie...
Rant: Election lines were horrible today.  I got there at 6AM and had to wait for an entire hour.    Rave: I was late to work by 45 minutes, but it didn't count against me.  There is a charge code...
Rant: Can't find the 8th season of Weeds on the Internet (at least legally).  When it comes out on Amazon prime, if I buy it, I will have to buy it at $2 per episode, which is a lot of money for a...
Does work really require that you wear heels?  I have been wearing black ballet flats to work every day and I have not gotten in any trouble.  Of course, my workplace is super laid back.    Rave:...
Are you talking about giving a gift to your ISTJ husband?    It could be a good gift.  What do you want to draw?
I don't think that I would want to take more than a week off from work.  I would probably take a trip in a new place that I haven't seen, but I think that I would make sure that it was close enough...
Red looks alright if you are a blonde.  If you are darker-haired than that then it might look a little odd.  I would never wear bright red lip stick or bold lipsticks. But I guess brunettes can wear...
I usually wear makeup to work--mascara, cream foundation, powder, light blush, and lip gloss.  If I am at an event at night (like a party) I will include all of these things as well as eye shadow. ...
I cannot agree with you on this topic.  I do like Romney more than Obama because currently his political views seem to be a closer match to mine than Obama's.  But Romney definitely isn't  a...
Sometimes I forget that you are actually smart.  One of the things that I like about you is that I learn what not to do from you.  Though to be fair, the friend who said it told me he did not...
The two-party system sucks.  I'd vote for the libertarian candidate (Gary Johnson) if I did not think I would be throwing a vote away.  Instead I get stuck choosing between two candidates that I...
haha no.  I'm watching Pretty Little Liars.  I even spent $2 per episode to view the other 8 episodes that were not legally available online from Season 3
Rant: I left an id at work today.  I'm having trouble getting it off my mind, but I need to because I cannot go back to work at this point to obtain the id.    Rave: I had an amazing time visiting...
I don't think this would work for me.  As a 6w5, I can definitely disintegrate towards 3 and integrate towards 9.  If I were to integrate to a 5, then I would disintegrate towards 7 and integrate...
Rave: I had a wonderful time with all the people when I was in training for the last two weeks.  I will miss them.    Rant: It's labor day weekend and there's nothing to do.  I am bored.  I can't...
Rave: I had a great time hanging out today with other people from training.  We went on a bus store through the city and went to a wonderful Chinese restaurant.  Too bad that I won't get to see these...
I've often been given the advice that you should buy a car that is used for about a year/has low mileage.  Your car won't depreciate as badly.    And I'm proof that you can get a great used car...
I have to say that having a high GPA probably won't help you get a job that much.  It's often great to have a 3.5 GPA in college because it will help you get interviews.  Having a 4.0 won't help you...
I got Visual-8, Kineasthetic-5, and Auditory-3.  But I'm not sure if I'm really K>V>A.
Rant: I have done absolutely nothing at work the last two days.  My client screwed up something related to the audit I was working on, and I was supposed to spend the last two days writing a report. ...
Rave: I have had the most wonderful weekend.  My boyfriend came over.  We didn't do much other than drink, make love, watch TV/movies, go to walmart, and dine out.  We had the most amazing Thai food...
Rant: I got rejected for a credit card.  Now I'm going to have to pay to get a secured credit card.    Rave: It's Friday.    Rave: My boyfriend is coming over.  Rave: I found out that for...
Rant: I am having problems with trying to set up online banking.  I'd like to pay my credit card bill online but it is proving to be impossible (since my checking account is in a different bank than...
Thanks for the cheesecake!
Rave: I survived my first business trip!  It was alright.  Thankfully I only had one full day of training and 2 half days.    Rave: Got to meet my boyfriend's grandparents and hang out in their...
Rave: The battery was not dead.  Hopefully nothing else happens!
Rant: I think either my car battery is dead or the vehicle identification system (which controls the security system) is broken on my car.'"


4117: ENFPs are my ever present fascination, although I quite like most NFs. I also like INTJs usually and I have several ESFPs that are quite close.
I must admit, I still don't know how to take your nosebleed photo :confused:
Something I see a lot of people doing is they make a generic resume about themselves and just spam it out there to employers. And you may already be doing this, but if you take time to tailor your...
Sure you get a degree to get a job, but employers are looking for your ability to think, because they'll train you to do what they want, not your school. And I am debt free thank you very much!...
I think there are a lot of myths about education that should be disregarded. The biggest is that you're training for a job. A bachelor's degree is about training to think. Certainly, there are some...
94641
I'm a male, but if I were to venture a guess about your situation, I would guess that she wants emotional validation rather than wanting you to really change yourself. It's just hard for Ts and Fs to...
Salt Lake City, Utah :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EOi91-Ge6c   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUaCxx5npko  Oh the mustache love at 5:10 is glorious!  And Mogwai Rocks!  ...
SJs just kinda make the world go round.  I mean, I love me some Ns and all their ideas and whatnot, but someone has gotta make it happen and we're here to do that :)  And specific to ISFJs, we sure...
I'm the third of four.  But got a pretty big age gap between me and the two oldest.
Over time I've decided that appearance is huge.  I'm always sitting back and looking at the details of how people present themselves, so I decided I better present myself in a way that I'm okay with...
I think my introversion kinda takes me into my own world frequently.... Well, the Si.  In those times, I just don't really put anything on my face.  I'm sure I look like a real goober.  Get told I...
Sense of Humor70% Sense of Fashion69% Relationship Intentions98% Intellectual Pursuits58% Physical Appearance67% Financial Situation45% Hobbies and Interests83%
I think that the inferior Ne helps too.  Apparently that gives the ISFJ a kinda quirky sense of humor.  Like we pick up on things, but really don't trust it, so we play it off as sarcasm and act all...
Hahahahahaha..... I'm glad you have a sense of humor about it.  Really though, it does sound that absurd, but there is a lighter side to life I think you need to embrace.  There is a lot of upside to...
enfpanorama-  I honestly didn't read your whole post, but I can tell you what the problem is.  ISFJs and ENFPs both love people.  They're kind and caring and both have a way of getting people to open...
Dude!  You need to stop hating on yourself.  Bottomline!  Stop it!  I guarantee you are imagining people think worse of you than they really do.  So they get a little overloaded with you now and...
Amen to that!  Lots of talking it out to find some reason to it (which ends up being a reason that probably makes no sense to anyone else).  Honestly, I carry the feelings with me in some buried part...
Welcome.... And I'd be willing to bet you're an ENFJ.... ENFP may sound right sometimes, but what NF doesn't feel like they can connect to anything, right?  Anyhow, welcome and hope you find a niche.
I think you really nailed a reason why we have the potential to be really out going.  The Si and the Fe is really an advantage to me.  I actually know several ESFPs and they love attention, but they...
I really enjoy darkness.  I think people all too often overlook many of the harsh realities they themselves face or others are facing and I love an artistic portrayal of that.  There is certainly...
I've got a really good friend that is an INTJ.  We have some pretty good times and laugh like crazy when we get talking.  In serious times, we both process things in such different ways, that I feel...
I'm a fan of irony!  And there's nothing like a good story teller.  Love a good story with humor mixed in there   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Qp1b1Lq0Vs
Couple interesting things here.  1) Totally feel ya on the feeling older thing, as a kid.  I think that comes from the SJ sense of propriety (which was pointed out) 2)  The being able to be childish...
@ isfjfan, kinda a crappy situation for you, my friend.  The more I experience, the more I realize a lot of people don't have the introspective skills they need to move on from the things that went...
(in reference to the ENFP one....)  You're right, the problem with the ENFP one is that none of those spectacular projects would ever get completed without another type being there.
INFJs pretty much don't exist.  So you're probably an ISFJ.  I have the same issue.  I often come up as INFJ, but you have to understand that the introverted sensing function comes across as...
Beautiful and simple!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLrSbO2ene8
I'm glad a couple INFJs chimed in.  Obviously that was expected, because I kinda put this out there in a somewhat abrasive fashion.  Fortunately, you guys sound like you're into using personality...
You mean the way I would, given just little time with someone?  Don't get me wrong, INFJs exist, but they are rare and a lot of ISFJs get it wrong.
That's likely true.  In fact I know it's true, because there are tons of INFPs here and not a whole lot of ISFJs, but I meet far too many purported INFJs in everyday interaction to believe it.  I...
Leave it to an ENFP to love all over an INFJ hahaha  I probably am slightly jealous, but fortunate for me, there are pretty much no INFJs to be jealous of ;)  Honestly the thing with ISFJs is their...
This may be a bit of a rant, but I'm convinced a lot of people that test as, and think they are INFJs are not actually said personality type.  Let's just talk sheer numbers.  1%.  INFJs represent 1%...
I would say you just gotta try something new a few times and the ISFJ will get really good at it.  We're not the type to suggest new things easily, but I know I'm always game for trying something new...
OMG!!!  I've taken up barefoot running too!  Although, I'm kinda new to it, but I really like it!
Lullaby!  Awesome!  This is my favorite kind of relationship to cheer on, because it seems so hard, but like there can be so many good things :happy:
Such good things to bring up!  I particularly relate to needing to say no, talking about my accomplishments and using writing to let out my feelings.
CrimsonIce, that's hilarious!  Though I'm not sure that would cut it for an ISFJ for long.  We'd start to feel resented and then return the resentment we perceive exists (at least I can see myself...
Or she's an experienced ISFJ that's learned through time that it's okay to be a little more like an INFP and tell the world to go f*** itself.  I'm fairly certain that a lot of ISFJs care so much...
Life is easier with an introvert.  No worrying about keeping them entertained and no having to hear their gripes about being bored.... well.... at least not nearly so much.  On the other hand,...
Run screaming!!!!!  If an ENFP loses interest, it's over.  It may not seem like it's over, because they'll come back and be affectionate on you like they are with everyone else and it will be...
I have to be honest, I can't handle any significant amount of time around ESTx....  Just doesn't work for me at all.  Everything they think just seems so natural and logical to them and they can't...
hahahaha  I love it!!!  Hugs are great when you just have that great vibe of affection for and from a person.  I love that Lilsnowy (an ENFP) posed the question too, such an affectionate type and a...
I'm gonna have to say it depends on the intent.... But in general I'm a big fan of a good hug:wink:
I'm glad things are going well :D  that really warms my heart.
I know the OP probably isn't paying attention anymore to this thread, but I find this case so interesting.  I also think that I can relate.  I dated a girl a while back that was everything I could've...
That was tremendously un-insightful.  Sounds a lot like an extrovert trying to imagine introversion as an extrovert.  Didn't quite make it to that empathetic chord, did ya?  That's not how it works. ...
I'm fine with the some stereotypes of gays being characteristics I possess.  I like to be dressed well and match.  I don't get dirty.  I moisturize.  I like to smell good.  I may even move a little...
I can't help but laugh hahaha.... My INFP friend says ISFJs are like ostriches that think they're hiding by sticking their heads in the sand.  Everybody just kinda lets us be quietly weird, but every..."


4133: 'My destiny is pbj-sandwich.  Also i got ENFP.  What
This song is pure bliss   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOKn33-q4Ao
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbU9UUwxBxA    Sweetish props for listening to Sam Harris, I like the way he thinks.
Sounds like me :D
Don't know about the friend you mentioned. But about ISXP's, I have both an ISFP and an ISTP friend. What I like about them is that they both are very carefree, I can be quit around them without...
Hell no. I wish i could hibernate through winter.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpSTrry_5Fo
Fun voice, I like the pacing of the song. Nothing special, but would listen to other songs by them to find out if they're good.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3_WpBfsuFY
Saw this guy last weekend, he was amazing.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtl0yebLXz4
Do dope, fuck hope
Merihim , I'd really like to go to Pukkelpop, but it will depend on the line-up ^^   On topic:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHwWla5Cgxw
I become a happy-go-lucky EXFX. Life is good!
Ah cool, couldn't be there but I wish I went :/ Did you by any chance see Lagwagon?  I'm also from Belgium btw ^^   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9P9pw3kawpw
Can't stop listening to this:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2c3w9wJOqSI     Dig your taste man, on what festival did you see them?
INTP's seem to be good friends for ISFJ's. Where are you guys and how do I get your attention?
Never really liked power metal, too theatrical and the vocals turn me off for some reason. But this wasn't bad.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHpMnwybGIY
40% Caregiver 30% Intellectual 30% Visionary
Nope, you did it all wrong. DENIED.  You get a picture of old-school pikachu though (so cute, so fat). 160641
Mostly it's not out of boredom, but I can feel sort of restless when I haven't gone out to see my friends for a while.
I'm an apatheist.
I think he is. Give it a go, what's the worst that could happen?
Freakin' epic. I own this GY!BE album btw.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9EhHqqzJFQ
Fuck off Jesus.
It's fine, but I think Madworld had a lot of better tracks.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WBYzu1_OqM
If the joke has a big setup or a storyline, yes, horribly. I stick to short jokes.
I don't like DnB much, I feel like the same beat is being used in every song and it's quite repetitive (although repetition can be good). This wasn't too bad though, I don't hate it :p  ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOFxb0F2F2A
I liked it but a bit too sterile. Definitely need to check out this album, it has been too long on my wait list.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWmre0QW7ds
Prepare for a trip...through outer space   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JukJFEdSag
I agree, this is much better than Dropkick Murphys. Fun to listen to, I bet they give/gave great live shows.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzSkiXpFQ3M
Stoner Dooooooom all the waaaay...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9OvoQMQ2JY  *Also enjoys post-,black-,sludge-,drone- and some trash-metal.
Pretty chill music, but I expected it to be more drone-y like in the first minute. Still, not bad, but the vocals were kinda forgettable.   ...
I vote doodie
I liked it. Never really listened to Gojira, what is a good place to start?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0toHJ7gCf4
Super chill and mellow. I see myself floating on a cloud listening to this. I like.  This next song might be a bit harsh, but it's really short so please listen to the full song :) : ...
I liked the instrumentals, didn't care about the vocals. I didn't think they were bad, just kinda boring and repetitive.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lIqNjC1RKU
Perfect music for solitary walks. Or just to let you mind drift away, forget about your existence and just be. I like it a lot :)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feShpPLivK0
It an ok video game soundtrack, but I wouldn't listen to it on its own.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jU-1F-Qi-g
Its calming and I like the sound of her voice. Too little variation for its length though, it gets a bit boring.   DualGnosis damn you I wanted to post that video! Funny as hell :)  ...
:proud: I'm fine, thank you. I don't know how it is not to be an ISFJ so your question is not an easy one, but we share 2 functions with INFJ in the same order so we can be similar in some ways...I'd...
I was really hoping for something...
Ditto. Being drunk helps.  Anyway, here's hug bot to give you all the most epic hug in history: http://pbfcomics.com/archive_b/PBF115-Hug_Bot.jpg
A must-see:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rzb_p1mRW1M  And another one :D  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzNiKn47Eno
What do you get when you put a baby in a blender? A boner.
Death twitches my ear. Live, he says, I am coming.
Procrastination. Jesus Christ, it's not even funny anymore.
What if EVERYTHING?
I'd say invisibility.
ISFJ  Economic Left/Right: -5.88 Social Libertarian/Authoritarian: -6.21
Words are wind George R. R. Martin'"


4159: 'Welcome to the forums, Ms. Laura!  ESFJ.. I don't think we have many of those!  Make sure you check out their forums, I'm sure they'd love the company.  :)
You know, everyone always says INFJ males are really rare.. but I know a lot of them, and there are a lot of them on the forums if I remember right.  Smells like a fallacy to me!  Welcome to the...
I've noticed that you've been posting this in multiple places and I'm kind of wondering why.  Now that you've posted it here in the advice forum, I have to believe that you're possibly involved in a...
I wasn't actually sure about the term semi-duality and had to look it up.  From the base definition I would say that this doesn't really seem like a good thing.  However, if I am understanding what...
I think it kind of depends on what my other options are.. I'm currently visiting my family and I've tried to spend as much of that time away from them.  The environment is stressful and it makes me...
Is there really anything wrong with being obsessed with sex?  XD   Okay, okay I suppose there should be some limits...   On a serious note though - I don't know if my personality type has a lot to...
That description sort of offends me - I feel like you took a very negative stance of the type.  Even when you said loyal you followed it up with things like doormat.  None of that feels positive at...
THIS.  I adore Within Temptation.  Interestingly enough, I like her live songs better than the pre-recorded.  Her natural voice just blows me away.  You should try some Rasmus.  One of my all time...
Let's see - yes, I am a single mom.  I do live with someone however, and he does his share in helping me, but he's not really the attention giving type (even though he's an E!), mostly because he...
Not like music from the 90s?!  Clearly you have not heard enough of it.  Cranberries rock though.  I grew up loving Ace of Base, you should try some of that.  :)  I've seen Meat Loaf in concert.....
I am horribly fixated on effeminate men.  I adore pretty boys.  It's scary even to me sometimes.  They're just so... oh god I can't even think of the words.  XD
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ODdhNH0n8U
Listening to music and wondering why I'm still posting when I should be doing something else.  XD
Based on the responses, and my own experiences with people who have a hero complex, I don't think this has much to do with personality type.  I know an NT who has a serious hero complex, but I would...
I don't know that we have a lot of parents on the forums, but I just kind of wanted to ask for opinions or advice in this situation.  I'm a fairly private introvert, and I have an extremely...
http://www.boredstop.com/imgp/beautybeast.jpg    http://img541.imageshack.us/img541/8016/60561143535230435105030.jpg
This is kind of a hard question for me because I've read so many books.  The first thing that springs to mind is Skylight Confessions by Alice Hoffman.  She's one of my favorite authors, and I was...
The House on Sorority Row.  I love old school horror movies.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCEK_04ep_Y&NR=1
The Warrior Heir by Cinda Williams Chima and Fallen by Lauren Kate
I dreamed about the high school that I went to.  It was not like I remember it though, and there was someone there who never went to my high school.  There was some sort of strange assembly going on,...
Hm.  Interesting question.  I certainly have liked INTJs from afar, and actually dated one for awhile.  It isn't that they aren't attractive.. they are.  The issue, for me, comes when I try to settle...
This is a really great thread!  I laughed a few times while reading through it.  :)  From the opening post - I found the breakdown very interesting, but like Trigun I can see where it isn't fact,...
My musical interests bounce all over the place, but I feel very similarly to pretty much everyone who posted.  Whatever I do listen to usually has to match my mood, how I feel.  I can go from...
This!  100% agree.
I've begun categorizing myself more as an INFJ, but with some S tendencies, but I would say that I don't do this.  I actually tend to spend more time NOT talking, and doing the listening.  I do like...
You can't delete posts after a certain time period, Mokona.    And just to point out that it's really not just Sensors, or SJs that shut people down - I live with an ENTJ.  He ALWAYS shuts me down...
I know I'm a bit late to respond to this, mostly because I've been inactive for awhile, but I'd like to add my two cents.   I personally feel this is a people thing, and not an ISFJ thing - or...
I should probably be trying to sleep.
I did NaNo last year for the first time and I really enjoyed myself and met some great new people at the write-ins that I joined in on.  I'm in a new area this year, and I'm not planning on joining...
Being a J, it's not really my place to answer this question - but I will say that I definitely hate rejection.  It makes me feel bad about myself, leaves me wondering where I went wrong, etc.  This...
There is an option to buy it in the store, I believe.
If you already have such an in-depth relation with these people you probably have other ways to message them.  Other forums, email, messaging systems.  There's no need to mess with the system that we...
You know, I was pretty excited when Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs was announced - but I was kind of disappointed with the movie.  It was nothing at all like the original story.  Same thing with...
I love kids' movies.  It's easy for me to be able to see them because I have a daughter, so I sort of have an excuse.  I have gone with a friend to see animated movies though - How to Train Your...
I have always really liked A names for some reason - my daughter's name is Aeriel.  Don't confuse her with the disney princess, Ariel though - not her namesake.  :P  I'd like to have a boy some day...
I'm reading The Time Traveler's Wife by Audrey Niffenegger and I just started The Strain by Guillermo Del Toro and Chuck Hogan.
I just took my daughter to see The Legend of the Guardians.  I was actually pleasantly surprised to enjoy the movie.
I dreamed about zombies last night.  I was trapped in a school with a bunch of people I've never seen before.  There were some kind of evil dogs that were trying to bite us, and we were trying to get...
Welcome to the forums.  :)  Your chosen career path seems very needed in times like these.  I bet you work hard!
No worries, we're not a totally tough crowd!  If you need any help, ask.  I'm sure there are lots of us who can take the time out to show you around.  :)    Welcome to the cafe.
I love INFJs.  :)   Welcome to the forums, Swedish guy!  Also, Netflix is a way to view movies.  It's actually pretty neat - you can live stream them on your computer, or order DVDs and view them. ...
I think INFP guys are pretty fab myself.  Can be a little sporadic, but hey what's life without some spontaneity?  :)  Welcome to the forums.
Welcome, not so new INFJ.  I'm sure that you've already found the forum to be a cool place, since you're still here and all.  :)
I know a lot of people think you're an INFP, and it does seem to fit... until I break down the pieces I know about you.    With certainty, I'd say you're an Introvert and a Feeler.  However, I...
Can we get this thread closed please?  It looks like three pages of people spamming.  If a master list is needed, have someone head it up - it should be ONE post with a listing of people and their...
I agree with Rowan.  There's nothing really wrong with venting.  It can make us feel better and it can help other people see how things are affecting us.  I think it becomes a problem when it hurts...
I felt this way a lot during high school.  I did a lot of pretending during those years so that I could fit in, but sometimes I would sit back at one of our gatherings and just watch people and...
This statement, in my opinion, contradicts your belief that your psyche is hurting because of the decisions you're trying to make without hurting her.  It sounds to me like you're hurting because...
I'm pretty sure you meant me, and not Midnight.. since he's a man.  XD  And yeah sure, as soon as you're legal!  :P  (oh man, I totally got owned by a previous poster... I'd hook up with you too...'"


4198: Holy moly it has been a long time since I've posted. I had forgotten all about this place, and my  group of online friends and how nice it can be to vent to people who can give you unbiased feedback....
I'm back. I missed you.
When I was little I..  -Spent 90% of my time in day dream land (still do)  -Was rather unpopular, and sort of gross. -Was very poor. -Did well on tests and had awards, but failed every grade...
Congratulations Pixie! Best wishes :kitteh:
I just woke up from a dream where I overheard my husband and brother in law whispering about some girl DH met overseas and may or may have not have slept with. I try and corner him and get him to...
My husband and I are talking about having more kids. It would probably be a year or so down the road, but I'm so happy he's open to it.
I'm stressing out about moving. My husband is gone for the rest of the year and if my brother in law leaves too I'll be stuck in a state with no friends or family, and no drivers license. Or I can...
Sometimes I think I'm actually an ISFP.
I have one child already, and would really like to have atleast one more.
What would you need to think or feel about a person to bother finding out about them or to try and cheer them up?
Thanks guys :)
I don't :( but I wish I did. I'm such a hermit, I haven't bothered to make any friends lately.    All I did today was clean too. Oh well :/
A bunch of different things. Life is very slow right now. My husbands gone most of the time, or when he's hear we have np quality time. I've been stuck inside and I feel like I have nothing...
I...am so depressed today :'(
I'm a stay at home mom. No one in ny family has a problem with that, although I'm the only mother who stays home. I like having dominion over the home but I'm also ready to branch out and have more...
Congratulations Meepey!
Home just isn't as homey without you. I miss you. I love you.
I can read people very well. It sometimes makes me feel a little 'Out there' when I can tell how someone really feels even when no one else can or the person himself says something different.
TreeBob could this thread be stickied?
I'm getting sent to the app too.
I've liked every INTP that I've met. I even dated one for a few years. I view them as intelligent, open, and witty.
I really, really want to buy my son everything in the world and more. I haven't, but man do I want to.  He needs a toddler bed, a pet, preschool books, a tricycle, a book case, a toy bin, and one...
Well, I got the snow I asked for. A foot or two of fluffy white goodness which has buried our car, knocked down countless trees and power lines, and made my son say 'Weeeee!'
Waiting for Blizzard Charlotte to rear her pretty little head. So far there's a light dusting of snow on the ground. Can't wait to see an extra foot or two. Muahahahaha!
Taaaaaaaaaaaaaxeeeeeeeesssssssss!!!!!    *Shakes fist violently*
Actually, I'm usually the pushy one. He places very few demands, and even fewer requests. It's usually a problem of me wanting to cut into his alone time, him getting annoyed and relenting, and then...
It's an interesting cycle. I go through it all the time with my husband.
This is all very simple. You requested ( nagged?) Her frequently for something even though she expressed no enthusiasm to do that thing, then coupled with whatever had been bothering her the night...
Anne Rice- The Mummy or Ramses the Damned.
Help mates :tongue: and SPs want playmates.  I just want a mate that loves life and loves living it with me. Someone with similar dreams as me, so we can meet our potentials together.
I am pretty easily embarrassed, and self conscious to boot. I'm ever aware of any mistake I make ( from social faux pas to bad grammar to stubbing my toe or chewing loudly) around other people. When...
I once told my mom to go to Africa and catch AIDS. That's about it.
I wonder how we'd get this thread 'stickied'.   Also, I feel bad for stephiphi after reading her post. I'd hate to be the leader.
Well I've mulled over this question for an hour and the best descriptor I can think of is madness. Like an old time maenad where I'm just filled with blood lust and an appetite for evil. That could...
Yes, and I used to try to get them to possess me so that I could be beautiful and powerful. Nothing happened, except for a super awkward teen phase.  Edit: Although at the time, and even some times...
laney    Yeaaaa buddy!
I think I've felt the same way as you for awhile now.   I progressed through school normally but spent all of middle and much of high school as a hermit. My only close friend was my bf at the time...
I feel as if the world around me is progressing but I am stuck in a rut and it is passing me by.  My life is like that Nine inch nails song.
I'm praying for your quick and full recovery so you can love and care for those babies the way you've been  dreaming.   I want you to know even if your recovery takes awhile you will not be alone...
I want harmony between as many people as possible, but if that isn't going to happen I'll take the happiness of those I'm most loyal to and then my own happiness.
Anyone that has commented on a news story with 'Maybe they should ban XYZ *snicker*'  should choke a dick and die.
1) I'm seriously giving thought to going to college and getting a career. I just don't know what I want to do. 2) I want to go to a day spa.
I chose Hufflepuff but Ravenclaw would have worked too.
*Hugs* to everyone that needs it today.   And Happy Birthday to me.
I am extremely passive aggressive nowadays :/  It's snow balled from years of being told my opinion is invalid and doesn't matter, and I don't have the skills to stand up for myself so I just end up...
I curse the day I bought my husband an Xbox :dry:
I went from INFP to ISFJ also, and I can really relate to your experiences and feelings. Maybe an INFP could stop by and give you their perspective.
I wish I could post some more pics, but it weirds my hubby out. I can understand that though, I wouldn't want to end up a meme.
I own a small gold cross on a gold chain that was my Husbands great grandmother's. It has bite marks from when my father in law was teething, and now it has my own sons tooth marks.
stephiphi  Things here on PerC can get hectic and murky, but reading a post of yours is like slipping into a meadow. You're so very sweet and simple and helpful and  you make our types forum a little..."


4305: 'First off, I didn't rip this thread off the ENFP forum to get revenge. Do I have an issue with ENFPs? No I do not. Besides that, did I CLEARLY state this in a tone that suggested that I was...
Anything that could have a potential double meaning. Like Do whatever you want or I don't care. It really depends on the tone though...it could mean exactly what it ACTUALLY means from most...
I'll start!   I would have to say INTP and ENTP are the types I'm least attracted to. I have both an INTP friend and an ENTP friend, and we're pretty close, but I could never see myself in a...
Ripped this from the ENFP forum xD  So, what type are you least attracted to and why?
1. Would you ever consider going bungee jumping/skydiving?     With enough convincing, yes. Although I'm also afraid of heights (I wasn't always, in fact I used to rock climb when I was younger), I...
My mom is also an ESFJ, and how you described your relationship with your mother is exactly like my own. I understand her a bit, but I can hardly stand her at the same time. The good times are great...
51%-75%  You are 73% HSP  Personally I'm sensitive emotionally, but not at all physically. (That is, with the exception towards extremely loud noises)
Banker-Innovator~
148594  43% Caregiver     Friendly, sincere, and compassionate, you find your reward in helping others. No one could ask for a better best friend. 42% Spiritual     You seek a deeper meaning....
It's extremely hard for me to say I love you, even to my own family. If I have that much trouble saying it to them, then that means there is little to no likelihood that I'll say it to anyone else....
I took the test three different times, and I believe I am most likely 6-9-4 The Seeker, but I have gotten 6-9-2 Good Samaritan and 6-1-2 The Supporter. I'm not that helpful or as altruistic as...
Dear particular ENFJ,  I know that we didn't always see eye to eye, and miscommunication plus misunderstanding led to the end of a friendship of many years. You were my closest friend, and I feel...
Yeah, housework is the worst :P  I think when it comes to family we don't feel as motivated to complete things for them (because we're used to them). I'd assume that living with a friend or a...
Yes... ^^;;  But this mostly pertains to things that have to be done for myself. If someone else needs me to do something for them, then I get the task done as soon as possible. But I don't...
Aw, thank you so much~~! *blush*  I think I know what you're talking about with the soul-searching effect that the ISFJs seem to have. I see a very humble yet strong presence from everyone's...
Zen Lizard Thank you! I'm glad that I could contribute in some way :)  I know personally that I've let my past be an excuse for how I've acted currently, but using that kind of...
Oh wow cool! :D  I feel bad sometimes because people get me nice gifts, I don't feel like I'm appreciative enough, or at least I don't really appear to be. I'm so awkward about receiving gifts,...
It's Home | The 5 Love Languages®
Here are my scores from a love languages test: Home | The 5 Love Languages®  1. Quality Time (11) 2. Words of Affirmation (8) 3. Acts of Service (7) 4. Physical Touch (4) 5. Receiving Gifts (0)...
You're welcome...I wrote this especially because I needed this for myself too. I think the things we are most passionate about telling other people is what we want to tell ourselves the most.  For...
I can't read what a person is like or such, but I can (from what I believe) determine authenticity. I can smell people who are clearly not acting like themselves. I can see if they have ulterior...
You're absolutely lovely! :) I couldn't agree more with what everyone else said~  I wish I could pull off short hair! It looks very good on you~  Your eye color is very beautiful...blue eyes are...
Thank you~!! :)  I was actually pretty apprehensive to post my own pictures, but seeing how everyone else was so comfortable sharing, it made me feel a little more confident.   I think it's safe...
*blush* Oh, thank you so much!!! >u<  I just admire how beautiful everyone is on here, physically and even more so on the inside :D  Thank you again, you possess both beauty on the outside and...
Everyone on here is so lovely and charming~   My goodness you ridiculously good-looking people, I'm chopped liver in comparison.
Thought this was pretty applicable to the thread xD  138889  Sorry it's not that big at first glance lol
You Are a Peacemaker Soul  You strive to please others and will compromise anyway you can. War or conflict bothers you, and you will do anything to keep the peace. You are a good mediator and a...
This makes me so happy! :D  I'm so glad that you saw it~ I believe Sophie is a wonderful representation of ISFJs- I'm glad that you could relate to her as well! I know that this movie really helped...
Thank you so much for your response.. :)  I've just been going through some rough things, and I'm happy to find that I'm not the only one who responds this way.
Yeah...sometimes I feel like I'm an ISFJ, other days I'm not so sure :/  I do like listening- I'm usually more interested in what other people have to say, because sometimes I feel like my own life...
I don't know why, but sometimes if I go for a long time without talking to someone (in the real world, not online) then I have debates or strike up a conversation in my head. Sometimes my thoughts...
That's just like me- so far that's really been me for the past couple of weeks. I guess I've just had a lot on my mind lately :/
I only know one ISFJ guy and we're pretty good friends. It's pretty interesting, since we both have completely different interests (he's the classic computer geek, and I'm the no-nonsense jock) but...
I can't stand conversation hogs. Just because I'm open to listening doesn't give you an excuse to tell me your whole life story. And consequently not ask for mine whatsoever >:/  Also, people who...
Same here. I'm either giggly and goofy or I'm sporting a dead serious kind of expression. Usually I'm only smiley with people I know and actually like. Otherwise I seem like I'm putting out a cold...
I think all of us are quite interesting, and from what I've seen on PerC there are many diverse, fascinating individuals on the ISFJ forum just to prove it - and that alone is just a small sampling...
Hello everyone! :)  I just wanted to ask something fun and simple since I'm new to this site and all ~  -Is there a meaning behind your username?  -A particular story behind it...
I know, right? However, I did find an amazing main character that is an ISFJ: Sophie Hatter from the movie Howl's Moving Castle (Studio Ghibli really did this ISFJ justice)  This movie is...
The character that I probably relate to the most is Sophie from Howl's Moving Castle. ( <---AMAZING movie by the way. If you haven't seen it, go watch it online now, or any Studio Ghibli film for...
Nice~ *thumbs up*  I appreciate the reference :D  Anyways, it would be pretty ironic if you didn't like the cold- given your username and all xD
I can stand the cold, but only for a little bit. I'm more of a spring type of person- I love seeing the first leaves pop up everywhere, that fresh, spring-green is just mesmerizing. Spring has the...
I'm a 6w5 ISFJ. I would agree with coming across as an ISTJ to others. I tend to put people off because I'm very cold at first. (this actually makes me feel pretty horrible, seeing how people react...
I'm not good with jokes that take forever to get to the punchline...I'm not really captivating when I'm unsure of how something will turn out, so I usually lose my audience before then. ^^;;  I'm...
I would have say that I freeze as well. I try to keep myself together in particularly hard times, and I guess my own interpretation of stability is not overreacting. I try to numb myself by...
Oh, you're welcome! I know I've felt the same way as you have before, and I'm glad that I could help you a little in some way based on my own experiences. :)  And yeah, it was pretty weird that my...
I know it's really hard to be direct.  Don't let your shyness keep you from saying what you feel. It's obviously easier said than done, but I can tell you from a shy person's perspective - that is,...
Just tell them how you feel. I know that for myself, I can't pick up a hint to save my life.  I'm extremely oblivious to any subtle hinting or romantic gestures, and the only times I've ever found...
As niss said before, I think this is more of a personal values type of thing rather than anything else. I can relate to you with animals passing, since when my cat passed away my mom was much more...
Hi! Maybe for a point of comparison (since I'm very much an ISFJ), I'll do what I originally thought you were asking and answer each of the questions:  1. The cup I'm holding now is one of those...'"


4361: 'INFP sounds very likely. ISFP could be a possibility too.
It happens to me too. I don't know why tbh.
I'm an ISFJ agnostic, leaning to atheist.
Of course. I've bolded my thoughts to your answers:
That could be a possibility too, although I see more enneagram 4 in your description than 6. You might likely just have a 6 fix - but it's difficult to tell.  These are, in my opinion, strong...
INTP sounds very likely according to what you wrote.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I completely agree with you being an INFP. And if enneagram advice is wanted too, then 4w5 seems very likely.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I am an ISFJ  People have mistaken me for: INFP, INTJ, INTP, ISTJ
Hmm, my first choice would probably be number 9.    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Ennegram 6w7 (649)  617138  617146  617154  617162
I've seen a couple ISFPs and ESFPs being that enneagram type too.
Social 1) Generally, I positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself. Though I may find it either overwhelming, because of my astute awareness of what lies...
My advise would be to look up the functions. I find it easier to type others by functions, or type others by dichotomy first and confirm with functions also works fine. With knowledge about the...
The first Pottermore test i took said Hufflepuff, the other one said Ravenclaw. I guess I'm Ravenpuff.
I'm agnostic but leading toward atheist.  However, I have nothing against religion, and I'm glad that some people find it to help them or give meaning to their lives.
I often try to invent a world like Ti, but I never really finish it... I usually start making up the characters first and then start with the plot. However, I find it difficult to come up with a...
I have just tried them and these are my results:  Big Five Personality Test 1 473074  Big Five Movie Star Test 473098  Big Five Personality Test 2 Extroversion 

 24%
I still can't relate to one type over another. I have read many descriptions and I still can't determine my type. I feel like I’m stuck in the middle of both. Probably a strange variant of one of...
Okay. Thanks for your detailed answer! However, I'm still not quite sure... Reasons I can relate to dom Fi: I feel deeply and I'm very sensitive. I don't care about fitting in that much and I can...
I know I dont use dominant Ni, and I think that I use Ne-Si or Si-Ne. I don't know in which order. I'm sure I'm a Feeler and I'm also pretty sure that I'm an Introvert. That lead me to think that...
0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
No... I like the instrument but I don't play it. But besides that. ;)
x93It is both a blessing and a curse to feel everything so very deeply.x94 ― David Jones.
That is pretty accurate. Great job!
Okay, so try to to write as though, you were to describe a person, who possesses these 'traits'.  I'm Highly Sensitive (HSP) and a High Sensation Seeker (HSS) (I'm much more of a HSP than a HSS...
I, myself, can't figure out if I'm an ISFJ or an INFP. So it is possible. I've read almost everything about the functions and the two types in particular, and I'm still doing it, but I'm still not...
I would really appreciate some help. I don't know wether I'm an INFP or an ISFJ, so if you could ask some questions regarding which I am, that would be very helpful!
Me too. ISTP couldn't be less ideal for a long-time commitment for me, but gosh, I keep falling for them...   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I really support   Tieed3 's idea with the experts who can help you find out your type. I think people who don't know their type yet, but is planning to know, should be able to participate. Maybe...
I would say INFP. Their Ne allow them to relate to many types at once. Then their Fi, makes them feel like they connect with the types on a deeper level.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
ESFP  Type most likely to mistype themselves   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I mostly get INFJ on tests, but I don't relate to Ni at all. Sometimes I get ISFJ too. On functions test however, I either get INFP or ESFJ. I don't relate to ESFJ's description though. I'm...
Me: INFP Mom: INFJ Father: xxTx Twin sister: ExTJ (probably ENTJ) Brother: ENFP Sister: ISFJ Sister2: xxFP   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Okay! Thank you for helping!   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I've just read a description of the INTJ and the ENTJ, and I will say, that if its one of those two, it would be the ENTJ. She actually fits very well to that description. Only, that she is not THAT...
Well, she could be a STJ, but where she differs is, that she is not that bond by rules, not that detail-oriented, not that hands-on nor is she organized or orderly at all. She also don't like...
It could be. But would a SFJ with such a high Fe, have the love and be loved as least likely to be a strength (weakness) AND forgiving? She is very self-centred. However, what about STJ then?
So.. I have tried to type my twin sister, but I haven't had any luck yet. However, she has just taken a Strenghts test, and I've listed her top six strenghts here:   1st Common sense, caution...
No! I may have a mild anxiety, but I haven't yet experienced depression. But I will say that I have the ability to be that. The reason I'm not (yet) I guess I can thank my INFJ mom for that. She kind...
I don't wear makeup . I'm 14 and I'm the only girl who doesn't wear it in class, but I'm just too lazy, you know? Haha, well, I don't feel the need to do it every day, because up until now everyone...
Hi! So, I've a few days ago felt pretty secure that my type is INFP. I'd stumbled upon this website which describes the types as when they where kids. And not just the short ones I've seen but a long...
ENFP  Type most likely to get stolen from, then won't steal it back even though they could, because they look so happy with it.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Best: English (not my native language)  Worst: Science, chemistry, German (also not native)  Favourite: English, Danish (native!)  Least favourite: German, math, Science, chemistry...   Sent...
Yes. I definetly do that. First I thought that maybe it was a sensor thing to do. You know, going to much in detail. But now you have chanced my mind! I'm just a normal INFP! :P   Sent from my...
No, that's pretty much it. Thank you!
Well, I do. Don't worry, it's nothing too serious.  Okay. I'm aware! :wink: But thank you for answering.
Yes, indeed. Thank you for your answer. I want to know because my twin sister (we are both teenagers) claims to be an INTJ. However, she has only taken one test, and she relied on that result...
INFP or INFJ  To be honest I havn't really pictured my mind yet. - And I'm supposted to be an Intuitive! :confused:  I would say, my thoughts are very uncompliated. Almost like a text written on...
Mostly in terms of your approach to others. Did you care about popularity, or doing what the majority was doing? Or couldn't you care less?
How are/were you INTJ's as a teenager? I'm really curious!'"


4500: 'I'm pretty sure that he is an I. So INFP or INFJ. Most likely the first.
ISFJ - Ravenclaw
I'm actually a type 1, oddly enough. I don't know if that is abnormal for an ISFJ or what. However, I do still crave appreciation a good bit. But like you said, only when it is genuine praise. I...
Haha I think my mom is an ENTJ actually.
Nothing has ever come out of it. I have basically liked him for over a year. I have over-analyzed his actions and our conversations many times. I don't think he likes me. I haven't said anything to...
I LOVE The X-Files!! It's my favorite show.
paisely   Pros: you are kind and sweet and very creative. you like art and secretly still believe in things like fairies no matter what others say. you appreaciate your self and like to go...
Yes!! I'm exactly like that with my interests.  -Meryl Streep (I own about 25 of her movies on DVD) -Harry Potter -Musicals: I buy the soundtracks and learn every word to every song. -The X...
I was thinking ISFJ too through the whole explanation, but some more information about her would be helpful.
I think House as an XNTP, probably I.
I know what you mean. I just think if we had to type her, she would be ISFJ.
True. I know an INFP who gets really stubborn when it's something that is a personal cause of hers. However, I find that I'm just a stubborn person in general.
-Any stupid driver -Shallow people -When I try to do something special for a friend, and they don't accept it -When someone won't listen to what I have to say -Spelling/grammar mistakes -When I...
It was also best for her mother. Her mother and Phil wanted to have the flexibility to move around a lot with her minor league team. My point is she didn't whine to anyone but herself in her head. If...
Ha. I stopped and bought expensive nail stuff one time too.
I really like the actual act of shopping, but I do hate when salespeople come up to me and ask me if I need help. It doesn't matter if I do or not, I'm just looking. It's the worst when I'm the...
Stubbornness. I think NFs and especially SPs are a lot less stubborn that we are.
Wow that's really hard...but I'd probably have to say 2. I think being in that type of relationship is an achievement in itself.  I don't know if this really applies to the question, but I don't...
The people I'm attracted to always end up being NTs.
I agree with the above post. Doing these types of things for loved ones is a very ISFJ thing to do. My dad is an ISFJ, and my mom is an ENTJ. Now, I know Charlie isn't anything like an ENTJ, but my...
You're right...he doesn't sound very ISFJ to me. He sounds like a P.
I just don't see her as horrible, catty, smug, and self-satisfied. I'm not sure why we perceive her differently...I plan to re-read the first book to see what I think. I haven't read it in 2 years.
Again, I think the things that happen to her are unrealistic, but as far as her personality goes, it seems closest to ISFJ to me.   I also think that the fact that the story is from her point of...
Do you agree then that she can't be typed? Because I'm interested to know what type you think she is if she's not ISFJ.
First of all, the books are from her point of view. I'm pretty sure I wouldn't be thrilled about moving from a place like Phoenix to a place like Forks, even if it was my idea. I think a lot of...
Give me examples of these qualities in Bella. The only things I can think of are some situations with her friends, but honestly, they're all so shallow (besides Angela) that I wouldn't want to be...
Are you saying that every girl feels inadequate, doesn't like birthdays because it brings attention to herself, is clumsy, does well in school, likes to clean, and would cook dinner for her dad every...
Haha...so true.
I'm not really sure about whether I'd put my romantic partner above my family or not because I haven't really had a serious romantic partner. I know what you mean though about rather spending time...
Intj - 2 intp - 0 infp - 1 infj - 1 isfj - 2 istj - 2 istp - 0 isfp - 1 entj - 1  entp - 1
I enjoy dry/sarcastic humor the most. I love the humor of House and Sue from Glee...they just say things that are downright appalling and wrong with a straight face like it's perfectly normal, and...
A lot of these things aren't unhealthy qualities.
Well...I have a friend that I know is an ESFJ and another friend that I think is an ESFP. A lot of things you would definitely apply to both. But based on my experience with my friends, I think your...
All yeses. Literally.
Great!  Deep blue   A day where I have time to do everything I plan to...including spending time with God, with friends and family, and relaxing.
Same with me. I am scared of awkward silence on the phone. I love talking face to face if the person is a close friend or family member. Other than that, I like texting.
I am super nostalgic. There are songs and movies that I only like because they bring back memories. I love to talk about the past and all the good memories we made with my friends. It usually does...
But the person who told me that is also a lot different than me...probably an ENFP, so I can see how she thought Bella and I were similar.
Well I have the hardest teacher in the department, and I know for a fact that no problems done in class will be on the test. I haven't had a true/false question on a test since high school, and every...
Like many before have said and my opposite: ENTP
I have a few really close friends. Here they are in order of closeness lol: ENFJ (I think), ISTJ, ISFJ, ISFP, INFP, ESFJ
Everything Teddy said makes sense, and it does seem like you are more likely to be an INFJ. I would just like to point out that I'm an extreme perfectionist in every aspect of my life: work,...
Oh I'm sure I would like Abstract Algebra better. I've had enough math and talked to enough people to know that. My problem isn't thinking they're boring...it's just all I can do to halfway wrap my...
Thanks, Jem11899, that makes a lot of sense. The reason I wondered about her type is because I had a relative who told me that she thought I was just like Bella.
Another ISFJ math major here! And I definitely feel your pain. I'm in college now, and I'm about to take Real Analysis this coming up semester. Not sure if I will survive.
Um...I'm pretty sure this says it all. :happy:
Maybe Stephanie Meyer was trying to over-emphasize the love relationship since it is a romance novel. It wouldn't be the type of book that it was if Bella put her family first and Edward/becoming a...
The word pain makes me cringe. I think inflicting pain as part of my job would probably be the only way I could do it...although I would also never choose to be in any of those positions that you...
I do see her compelling need to become a vampire as a selfish thing. I don't think an ISFJ would beg so much for that because one, Edward doesn't want it, and two, it ruins the relationship with her...
Hmm...I can see ISFP, but I think her work habits (schoolwork, cleaning, etc.) and her constant need to try to make everyone happy and please Charlie and her mom are more ISFJ. Also, she shows SJ...'"


4648: Outerdub - the Ronin   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLcsOn4XHpk
You have superb taste. This is the reason I visit this thread every so often, to find these gems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHF7sYLDjz0
So, can you hoard host like Zionx92s coin Belie progeny ov your pain? IHWH, thou sayeth unto me: Thou, disrupter, imbalance my creations! Hence I transfix in bliss ov flagellation I burnt in...
NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN  I'm pretty fluent also
Mi Mi Mi Mi Mi Mi, Mi Mi Mi Mi Mi Mi Mi Mi Mi Mi Mi Mi
I can feel my brain.  Git on my lvl, nigga
Blue, light green, dark greys in combo with black    Best red.
I need you to post that avatar here so I can google image search it and find more like it
I prefer qoutes. I dislike Reddit sheerly for it's 'approval' system, it's whole culture revolves around it, making for uninteresting dull stuff all over the front pages or stupid comments on...
No.
INFP or ENTP  Because why not
You liquidate them before this unwanted attention leaks any further.
They're all dead.  what now?
kingofderpz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7mXnVC9O1U
It's ok. I bet it's a pain to maintain though. Your hair makes you look like a forest elf btw
Kinda. I use the chans, reddit and youtube to get out all my anger and hatred, but I keep this crap to myself elsewhere on the internet and real life(unless you truly know me).  People either don't...
I want all cancer to leave
As I once read somewhere on here  'Each individual is the hero/protagonist of their own story' or something along those lines.  This is why.
Ukrainian people are really kind to the people dear to them. You know of nothing :3 It's Russia that's the 'bad guy'
We are not divided by our race and whatnot as much as we are by our egos, something which persists even over the internet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=maXtRZcZpzU  Seeing these guys live at GMM next week! woooot m/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujcY-xRV1sU
Please explain this fresh new meme to me without me having to properly infest any mental effort into it.
IM NOT CONFIRMING TO YOUR GODDAMN CONFIRMATIONS OP  On a serious note. I think I'm more weird, creepy than eccentric.  In the end we are all just different configurations of the same basic...
I don't really have friends anymore. I'm still befriended with my mates from HS on FB, but the last time I saw them was 4 years ago. I do miss it sometimes and wish I did more to maintain the...
Deafheaven - Vertigo  Separation of... - Silent Screams  Killigrew - Coming Home  Year of No Light - Qu'importe qu'ils me haïssent, pourvu qu'ils me craignent  Gothic Storm - In The Next Life ...
/u/trollabot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ku1HJ2DI7Xk
Melancholic.
I have returned great Pasta Warriors! Behold here my latest treasure:  What was that person thinking that would make them do that.
( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)
No. I'm just really awkward.
hamfdthnw, Here are your results ... http://indigochildren.com/wp-content/uploads/lightworkers.jpg Lightworker is the term used to describe a person who is consciously awake and aware that they...
INFP. A Fi-dom, but I'd also like to keep Si.
284034
My ISTJ father talks plenty if he cares. Shit. There have been times I wanted a quick answer/summary but he turned it into an hour long talk... :o And inside I'm like no...
For one, I plan on traveling through a country with someone in the summer. We'll just kinda hit the road and see what happens. We won't plan anything except for seeing what events there are in the...
Agnostic.
I don't care much for mystery. I never understood where this mystery fascinating comes from. More than not, mystery = not compatible. This 'mystery' is often a projection of your hopes and fantasies...
282506  -Male ISFJ
Me too, when I was 4-5 somewhere. Me and my friend wanted to burn down his school. 'My mom smokes, so finding fire is no problem' We took his mom's lighter and went on our way while both our moms...
Rarely, but when I do, I tralyx
Today I learned I'm extra boring :c
I love piano/violin music. Either both of those together or alone, but none other. It also has to be sad/melancholic, otherwise: No thanks. I dislike happy, high energy violin/piano. It's ugly. ...
Pretty much.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLw4Uet8b4g
Hehe, that's ok. It wasn't really one word answers per se, but kinda(I know, so literal, but Imma do this anyway). For example: She said she likes reading, so naturally I asked her what kind of books...
Yup. I'd say I'm pretty boring. Been hermitting since I was 13 or so due to personal issues. But still, at least I was trying, if you don't like me, tell me, it might suck at first but eh, ye, this..."


4720: 'Ill be twenty nine in two weeks.
I wouldn't consider myself heartless but if a situation doesn't affect me personally I am much less likely to react to the situation. I was in college when 9/11 happened. When me and my roommates...
I grew out of being scared of the dark. I do suffer from social phobia though. Talking to people scares me to no end and makes my anxiety level shoot through the roof.
1. What's on your mind, can you just tell me? Nothing. Ill be fine.  3. Can you help me to do _____? yeah sure, no problem.  3. Lets hang out. What do you wanna do? I dont know. What do you want...
1. Would you ever consider going bungee jumping/skydiving?  Without a doubt yes.  2. Would you ever consider getting plastic surgery? (if yes, which part) Yeah, my butt is to flat so I would get...
I dont cry very often now that I am a adult. I tend to not like to make my emotions visible to other people. If I do cry its usually because Im experiencing some type of emotion to the extreme that I...
Im pretty much the same way.
I suck at typing. As I type this message I am using my two index fingers. I have never been very good at typing and never been able to master it. I scored a 21 on the typing test. I can type pretty...
I usually sleep on my side with one leg straight and the other one bent out to one side with both of my arms under my pillow supporting my head. Sorta like C. I am definitely am not perceived as open...
Im gay but not very flamboyant. Most people cant tell that Im gay since Im straight acting and keep to myself mostly. That doesnt mean I havent been suspected of being a little on the queer side in...
Update: Its been two months. I was hoping to get my dental work done by mid may at the latest. My brother has paid me back only $200. At this rate its going to be next tax season before I can get my...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZr52EqpQ90
I tend to follow the rules most of time. A great example would be rent is due on the 1st of each month. I pay it on time religiously on time in fear of upsetting my landlord when the rent isnt paid...
Im pretty frugal when it comes to money. I pretty much have to be because I get paid peanuts and dont have alot of disposable income. I am very cautious with money because I love having things...
I watch the NFL football and thats pretty much it. I hate nascar and watching other sports. As for playing sports myself I suck at them. I was the last kid picked in gym class when picking teams. I...
I am the quietest person I know. If I am talking to a person openly it means I trust the person. I am more likely to talk one on one than in a group setting. Usually I like to listen instead of talk.
I find dating impossible to do. Im 28 and I have never been in a relationship or out on a date period. I have a hard time making friends as well. My social phobia controls every facet of my life. I...
I agree that we need to be careful about putting others needs before our own to often. I did act out of emotion when I gave my brother the money. I did however look at the rational part of the...
I was suppose to take Wendesday off this week to go get some major dental work done with my taxes. I was ready to do it and I had the money. All I had to do was get the day off. Then early last week...
I eat breakfast on my way to work. Its usually a muffin or two nutrigrain bars washed down with a pint sized single serve milk.
I had a good day at work today and actually accomplished something. I had to fix a sewer jetter machine and put a new flywheel on it because the old flywheel broke. I also had to replace a high...
Ive been suprised by the responses I have gotten. Here they are:  Know what ben am I missin something. Happy new year buddy! Congratulations!  I know I'm so happy for him!   Doesn't matter...
In the wee hours of the morning after the ball had dropped and I still had liquid courage in me I chose to take a big step out of my comfort zone. As a ISFJ I am very cautious and self conscious of...
For 2010 I wanted to lose weight and stay smoke free. Im smoke free still but gained weight instead of lost. Oh well. The first half of 2010 was not to bad but the second half sucked. Mid summer I...
^^^^^^^^My thoughts exactly.^^^^^^^^^    Im a social outcast and dont have many friends at all. I find it very hard to make new friends and find it quite awkward.  My shyness zaps my social...
ISFJ's make up 9-14% of the population of the USA. Not sure about worldwide though.
Myrtle Beach is a awesome place to work and play. I love going down to the beach and taking long walks while thinking about stuff. The ocean is 0.7 miles from my front door and I love it here. I am...
Myrtle Beach South Carolina  http://www.cvent.com/en/destination-guide/myrtle-beach/images/myrtle-beach-aerial-view.jpg http://www.myrtlebeachcondo.com/Maisons%20Sunrise%20-%201.jpg
I am what I am. Im not very good at faking or acting at all when it comes to being outgoing or talkative. Sooner or later people are going to see through your guise and see who you really are. I find...
I would have to agree that describes me pretty well.
Two weeks ago I disagreed with another members actions on here. My tendency to take things personally and my passive aggressive nature started to get the best of me. I really like it here so I...
Any similar experiences?  You just described the story of my life.
I take stuff seriously and usually am to the point when speaking on certain subjects. I weigh my words and think what to say before saying them. Idle chatter and joking around sounds like static or...
This may sound cruel but run the other way so she has no other choice than to solve her own problems. I definitely wouldnt let her move in with you. Sounds like your brothers had the right idea with...
Im a big kid at heart.
I dont show my emotions in public if I can help it. I almost always have a facade on and dont say a word if something upsets me. If I get overwhelmed with emotions when Im out in public to the point...
I really dont mean to peon any body....oops what i meant to say was peoff........ wait nope that aint right. Lets talk about a subject on the sex and relationship forum that cant be construed as too...
I suck at grammar, punctuation and spelling. I only get frustrated when trying to read what someone else wrote and cant figure out what they mean because the spelling is so off.
I had not even noticed the icon till you pointed it out just now. Shows how observant I am.:bored:zzzzz  If a baby was left on my door step tonight I would have little to no problem taking it in...
Makes sense to me. Thank you for posting.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIsnIt1p978   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBswVKw8H6A   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMj03UGIK3U   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lx4IktAj38k
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-Wd-Q3F8KM
Thank you all for your responses. They were all very helpful. Ive been doing allot of thinking and reflecting lately. I do tend to focus on the negative allot. I think the worst possible scenario...
I struggle with severe social anxiety on a daily basis. You definitely are not alone. I was voted the most quiet kid in my graduating class in highschool. To this very day Im very shy and dont talk...
1.  I've noticed she doesn't take constructive critizism well.   Maybe she doesn't take constructive critizism well from me or does not see it as constructive.   Or maybe to her I am attacking her. ...
what did u find most difficult in school?   Fitting in with my classmates and making friends by far was the hardest thing about my school years. I made allot of friends in kingergarten through 2nd...
I hate the phone and talking to people in person. I suffer from selective mutism and it can be quite frustrating trying to talk to people. I prefer to communicate digitally through blogs,email,text,...
Im pleasant to other people and treat them nicely. Im not very pleasant with myself though.
I have no romantic experience with other ISFJ's. I do have a close friend I believe to be ISFJ though. We get along great. We can talk about almost anything and can trust each other. I found this...
As an ISFJ I hate drawing attention to myself and quite frankly I have the fashion sense of a turnip. My dress attire is very casual and consist of comfy clothes like blue jeans and tee shirts. I...'"


4722: 'The fact this is a thread makes me so happy!  Anyway, I 100% agree with; Chris, Kem, Amber, Dom, Sam and  Marcel(really nice to see a mature ESTP here because it proves the stereotype wrong) I am...
I believe she really does that out of the goodness of her heart, with no hidden agenda. Vulnerable Stefan needs hugs and affection, she's the first he sees when the safe door opens, and, for a...
According to how I define it, I can handle other's emotions x96 thatx92s not the problem.  IMO, emotions or feelings don't have to make sense, according to an external logic:... This is really...
And this is not a trait that changes throughout the story.  Then what examples can you give of it later on?  You have not given any example of Neville working through things with Fi other than...
Fe/Fi is not the primary interactive mechanism of MBTI, they're more so the place between opinion and action, like a middle man, if that makes any sense. For example, the way that Fi deals with...
Ross- Likely an ISFJ, I guess he could be an ISTJ(I've heard some good  arguments for it) but I think ISFJ is more likely either way Si dom 100%. Joey- ESFJ, I know he gets typed as an ESFP a lot...
I used to think N. was an ISFJ but when re-reading the books recently I re-typed a few characters and he happened to be one of them(Hagrid was another). Anyway back to N. I wish I could see him as...
I honestly don't remember Vincent well enough to weigh in on his type with total confidence, I remember thinking he was an ENFP but could be wrong about that. But who I do remember really...
Since from all you have said it seems tat your thinking preference is lower then Fi vs. Fe is good place to start because typing off profiles instead of cognative functions is harder and opens more ...
Just about that what each type as a hard time admitting to themselves thing it comes originally from thought catalogue and  a lot of the  people on there write about mbti based on sterotypes and...
First thing I would say when typing yourself is however(sorry to say this), but avoid online tests(and the 16personalities website all together). I have come out as every type under the sun on online...
I can help type you if you want :)
My thoughts: Harry Potter- ISFP Ron Weasley- ESFP Hermione Granger- ESTJ Fred Weasley- ENTP George Weasley- ENTP Ginny Weasley- ESTP Bill Weasley- INFP Percy Weasley- ISTJ Neville...
My thoughts: Harry Potter- ISFP Ron Weasley- ESFP Hermione Granger- ESTJ Fred Weasley- ENTP George Weasley- ENTP Ginny Weasley- ESTP Bill Weasley- INFP Percy Weasley- ISTJ Neville...
I would agree that Louis is an ISTJ(can we just appreciate how good he is with the details and bylaws?), I just also think he is an ennegram 4(and not a healthy one) which is why we see his Fi quite...
Haha, it's funny you say that, because as an XNFJ I also feel like I wouldn't be able to do what he does! It seems like he keeps track of SO many things and his attention to detail and memory are...
But he set literally everything up, the curse, getting to Stroybrook to get to his son and to do so he played such a long game it was all so clearly planned and done and involved so much forward...
Elena and Te. Yep pretty much, although I think you could argue that we first saw her Te with Jeremy in the bathroom at school when she thought he was high. It was less intense than it is later on...
That's interesting because I've never seen him typed as an ISFJ before, where do you see Si him? I just think I struggle with it because  the way that he always plays the long game and plans so far...
Hey :) Exactly... I'm still wondering if Elena wasn't actually supposed to be an ISFJ in the beginning, or maybe she was suppose to be a sweet depiction from memory of a very young ESTJ !!??? I...
I never saw her struggle for survival as an abstract...on the extroverted J function that accompanies the Ni. With you, although at first glance Katherine does look like an unhealthy ENTJ, I agree...
Again, very true, but when taking important action, one uses their best assets – their dominant function. That is not a choice, it is a need. True, my point wasn't that decisions are made often...
All honesty, I am not 100% sure if Jess is an ENFP or not, I had thought she was but...either way, I feel like this  post applies since Jess is the stereotypical ENFP's: ...
I've been wondering about their enneagram types though: Elena: 1?6?9? Honestly she is really hard for me to work out. Stefan: Probably a 1 but I could also really see him as a type 9 Damon: Type 7...
Interesting idea, but I'm not really sure he can be.  I mean for one, any type can be an artist the whole artist=INFP thing is a bit of a stereotype really but looking at the case of Klaus for him...
First of,(just wanted to say without quoting all that was said on it) I am in agreement with you about the ESTJ profile in general and for most ESTJ's I would agree with this, it is why we see so...
If  it helps, what helped me with my ENFP mother was I looked at what I was like when I wasn't around her, I mean my Ne is still stronger but when I am not around the ENFP's in my family my Ne is...
Yeah I agree I just can't work out if he is an INTP or ISTP
https://funkymbtifiction.tumblr.com/post/159177842465/what-is-the-best-way-to-differentiate-whether-a Have you read this post? It really highlights how much higher Ne and lack of Si makes an Ne dom...
I'm with you on the fact that he is no way an ESFP or ENFP, I thought about ISFP and INFP but at this particular moment I lean towards INTP(or at least Ti dom) I'm just not sure how much Fi I see in...
Honestly I've got a bit of a head cold  right now and my mind isn't 100% so I hope that made sense.
Very possibly, if it helps, maybe consider the lower functions rather than the upper ones. I had  the opposite problem I was getting to caught up in if I used Ti or Ne higher and due to circumstances...
Maybe she is an ENTJ, but something else that crossed my mind, her pregnancy was one mistake and I don't know about you guys but I don't act only using my cognitive functions and never do anything...
I'm with you on what he should of done, it  seems unlikely that the information was out there but I would have a hard time believing that a high Te user wouldn't make a list of the ones it could have...
So I was having a conversation with a friend of mine when we were trying to work out his type and something we touched upon made me think of Chris. It  was basically, situation vs. natural...
Also, is her Fi really that high? I mean do we see her making the emotional decision often, or just a few times? She doesn't  take Stefan with her, she doesn't immediately go and search for her...
If by social appropriation you mean Fe's desire to manage everyone else's emotional well being and influence it in such way that it would insure group harmony as seen fit by the Fe, then you are in...
Well I have never been taught the enneagram by a professional or come across the triad  theory in a book I've read  so the best I can do is give you my personal experience and hope that helps. As...
Is Stefan? He seems pretty... well, rigid in his morality, and he self-denies a lot in order to control his evil; seems like a 1 tendency?[/QUOTE]  Maybe, I hadn't actually thought about it before...
Type 6 wing 5: The Defender  x95Problem solvers, good communicators, educators  x95Also attracted to professions such as medicine, law and engineering where they can master a system of knowledge...
I know it is on audible if you have that
Don Richard and Russ Hudson Riso
But as for the wing I read The Power of the Enneagram for your wing type looking into the  type if it is a core type and not as a wing is a lot better. :)
But as for your question, my grandma is massively  into the enneagram and she has a lot of book on it so I read them and worked out that I use more  three than 6, I am really not as fear based as a...
I'm a 136, a 139 isn't a tritype because 1 and 9 are in the same triad: http://thehealingspacecincinnati.org/wp-content/uploads/Enneagram-1.jpg
If it helps what made it really clear tome that I was a type one was looking at the types that one integrated and disintegrated to.
Aw thanks but there is really no need to thank me, I love typology and real people are always more fun than fictional characters to me  BUTTTT, back to the enneagram. Now I will admit that I have...
Unless you are really sure you are a down to earth person because then type 4 ENFP seems highly unlikely
Well no problem and as for  the ENFP type 6 vs type 4 thing I will answer the question, I just want to make it quite detailed so I might be a few minutes :)
You don't need to apologise for that mate XD it was just some advice you don't  have to follow it if  you don't want to.'"


4791: 'Let's be detached together. :wink: (I do think that should be our new tagline or something. Anyone want to suggest it to the mods?)   Seriously, I get what y'all mean! I am horrible with connecting...
Yes, I do think it's possible, especially since Hobbits would fit the SJ values of tradition and following the rules. A lot of that still shows through Bilbo, despite him going on an adventure.  ...
What do you guys think?
Get out of my head! :laughing:  I can totally relate. Like another poster wrote, it's usually for simple things that people who go Meh. about. But I tend to obsess over it.
Yeah.   I think we tend to be passive aggressive, depressed, uptight and probably quite controlling at times. It's usually the people closest to us who get most of the anger.
I love the night for various reasons.
I think the Sims is for pretty much anyone!
I'm an ISFJ and my favorite game is the Sims series.
Breaking the Magician's Code is one of my favorite TV shows. In this day and age, it's so easy to excuse or label everything as camera trick or special effects. But when you realize that these...
I'll probably hang out with the person I work with the most.    Clubbing? Me? :shocked: Uh...let's just say I was forced to go at gun point. Yep.   Anyway, I would just sit around and be super...
I can't speak for everyone, but for me, it depends on the connection I feel with the person. If we're on the same page, even if we have drastically varying personalities, we can get on like a house...
Creative writing: Good. Math: Don't. Even. Go There. Physics: Meh.  Chemistry: Boderline.
Stress.   Certain Christian music. I saw a musicvideo about nuns once and basically bawled. Just seeing these young women give up their lives for God was so beautiful...
I think it is a particular problem for ISFJ. The desire to be liked and accepted sometimes makes us over accepting of other people's fault and flaws. We also try to fit in with them, give more of...
I think Pope Francis could be ISFJ. He seems to prefer action over words. His teaching is by example, his example of humility. It is indeed befitting that he should follow Pope Benedict, who was an...
I love the smell of rain. :) But I'm not fond of strong smells, like air fresheners. Makes the place smell off if you ask me.
Yeah, I do imitate behaviour at times. Strangely, it doesn't help at all for me to blend in to crowds. I tend to blend in to the background.
Oh, HELL YEAH! I'm completely like a turtle. I don't venture out of my comfort zone, and I tend to be slow at picking up things. Well, things which I'm not good at or have no interest in anyway....
No, I meant only the first four. It would be indeed crazy to take on all eight, and I don't think anyone on earth can do that.
Hold a torch from afar.
Oh no, not at all. I find intuitives intriguing, and I'm also trying to improve on my N. I do think that a well-rounded person will use all his or her functions, even the weaker ones. I guess it...
Marmite... ...
Mind in the Eyes  *  Results: 31/36  Most ISFJs would get high scores, because this is a quiz on Agreeableness, or how well you read/relate to people! :)
In the beginning of Great Expectations by Charles Dickens, Magwitch (Pip's convict) threatens Pip, saying he has a friend who cut out little boys' hearts. I knew that wasn't true, but after reading...
Hi, thanks for making this thread. :)   Yeah, I've noticed most of the bias against ISFJs. Besides boring, simple and not introspective, we also get labels like bossy, and authoritative....
To me, critical thinking is a mix of discernment and analysis. The ambiguity of not knowing does sound slightly unsettling, but I actually find it enlightening. I can only speak for myself, but...
I think this is related to Fe. I've been known to do what KeroKai does, which is trying to present a solution as to why the person is behaving in a certain way. I'm not defending them, but just...
And I think he has the adventurous spirit of the ESFP. Do you remember when he was in Venezeula, it was one of the hottest days and they were travelling upstream...?
Hmm, maybe he's an ESFP? So he would be a Se-dom. He notices things but doesn't necessarily make the connections.
Describe (if you can): Your appearance (clothes, hair, make up etc)  My style is quite simple-jeans and T-shirt. I usually wear blacks and white. My natural hair is jetblack, and I'm happy to...
Hell yeah! If I have one thing to thank globalisation for, it'd be pancakes. :)
ISFJ Gryffindor
Poirot- ISFJ. Hastings- ESFx Miss Lemon- ISTJ.  Japp- ESTJ.
http://imworld.aufeminin.com/manage/bloc/D20110307/american-pancakes-1-123448_L.jpg OMNOMNOMNOM.   Feel free to be jealous now. ^_^
I weep because I'm not a speshul snowflake.
I burnt my pancakes today. I had no choice but to throw them away. (But thank goodness two came out well-and they were yummy!)
I happen to agree. ISFJ it is! We should make a Poirot thread, because I'm curious about the other characters (Hastings, Miss Lemon and Chief Inspector Japp) but I don't want to derail this one too...
I was always an ISFJ.
Yay, another Poirot fan! I think Poirot is more of an SJ. He describes the imagination as something frivolous and not based on facts. He's also always on schedule, needing his tea at certain times,...
Wow! Cool beans, I saw two faces first.
Don't worry, you're a perfectly normal ISFJ. :)   Your fears and inhibitions are actually a product of inferior Ne. It's our type's Archilles' heel. When confronted with a new situation, we tend...
I read somewhere that Hermione is an INFP. She doesn't mind not 'fitting in', she's very passionate about causes like the house elf rights, and, frankly, she can be rather tactless at times. She...
I'm not a N-dom, but this happens to me all the time! I'm always seeing shapes in random things, kind of like how people would see shapes in clouds.
1. Omnivore ISFJ.
ISFJ:  I don't like kids.  I'm generally bad at hands on work.  I have a super power that I burn almost everything I cook.  I'm not a touchy feely person.  I don't really show my emotions.
What do you think is Cinna's type? I like the guy a lot-he's such a fatherly figure to Katniss.
I read the books after watching the movies. I personally feel that the movie Katniss is a Thinker, while the book one is more of a Feeler. Perhaps it's the environment that she's had to grow up in...
You'd think they would keep the chef around at least a couple of weeks.
Actually, I've heard the other way around, that math and science are more geared to the SJ types, at least, in high school. In college, of course, math is more for the N types. I'm also not good at...
I agree with you here. MBTI is a theory and theories aren't set in stone.    I am very clumsy and absent minded too. I can be chatting about something and then I'd forget it. :tongue: Sometimes,...'"


4825: 'Yep only when I smile. :P
I actually have three on my face. One on one side, two on the other.
It doesn't look very good, and it can be very damaging in a lot of ways, but if someone really wants to slice their face up I won't stop them. So I guess I'm not against it, but I don't advise it.
I usually take it seriously, mostly because I don't want to go all around the internet saying BLAHHH THIS IS HOW I FEEL!!! and so it's nice to have a little place to acknowledge my own feelings on...
2) How do ISFJs react when friends or partners pull away from them (in this instance, text less)? Are they more likely to withdraw, or are they likely to do more to engage the person, all the while...
Só Riso Mail Imagens engraçadas Funny pictures - o verdadeiro final na historia dos patinhos! (Cute story) http://26.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqia6sKKMT1qc382yo2_250.gif...
1. What is your birth order? How big is your immediate family? I'm the third and last born. I'm seven years younger than my brother and 13 years younger than my sister.  2. What do you think of...
I like your handwriting. :)
I basically realized that everyone generally sucks at singing and it doesn't matter and it feels awesome to sing in front of people.
1. What do you do when you get nervous? How do you react? I get really tense and don't talk about anything except for what I'm nervous about.  2. What sorts of things would you do when you like...
Slooooooooooooooooothhhhhhhhhhhh
http://oi51.tinypic.com/2qa5w6q.jpg  A little blurry, but oh well.
I'm definitely a two.
When you spend a week waiting for an auction on ebay to come close to expiring so you can bid on it last minute, and feel bad for stealing it away from the previous bidder.
1. Do you like to wear a cap? Not really.   2. What brands of running shoes/sneakers are your favorite? (max 3) DCs   3. female question : How often do you wear high heels? male question :...
Before I learned to write and stuff my mom said I was ambidextrous, but apparently they forced me to write with my right hand. :dry:
....meanwhile in the midwest.
My brother has to evacuate by 4 PM tomorrow. He lives in New Jersey.
Haha really? I never found it annoying but it has always confused me.
Also, this one isn't funny but I still... STILL don't understand it.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cG042nkReBA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEbzM2FUP9s   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjGwusHrOtk&NR=1
Whenever I try to post a thread, I go over all of the reasons why it isn't significant enough to post and then I give up and say it's too much to type anyway
While this conversation goes on, does anyone else delight in hearing about others' obsessions?
YES. When I'm really interested in something, it takes over all of my thoughts until I burn it out. This summer my obsessions have been Zelda, MBTI, Enneagrams, organization (odd one, eh?), future...
bob_toeback Hehe :tongue:
<_< I'm glad you feel that way.
It usually just frustrates me when that happens. I just feel defeated and angry at the person.
It annoys me at times, because it's often difficult for me to express my emotions and so when someone belittles them or shuts me out, it's like another little crack on my sanity.
I'm sorry to hear that. :sad:
You sound just like me. I've had a neopets account since I was about 7. Good times. Also, I've been playing Sims 3 ALL DAY today. That's actually why I haven't posted at all today.
moonlight_echo Really? I personally don't get annoyed with people that often.. and I'm never awkward with close friends. I doubt that has to do with being an ISFJ. At least I hope not. :unsure:
I suppose all I can say is that I knew what you meant about the comments sounding dismissive, because I was a little shocked when I read some of them as well, and I was trying to offer a different...
Heroes of depression! If I were to stay on that topic, I'd eventually fall into the subject of some of my philosophy, which is basically that everything is necessary. But I'm saving a post like that...
ISFJs: depressing the world, one PerC post at a time.   Hahahaha, I'm glad you see it that way!
Sorry for being depressing! :unsure:   Mhm, it's like everything is necessary.
I think I know what you mean. It does sort of comfort me a bit to know there are others who are the same way, but at the same time it's sad to think there are lots of people who have a low self...
Definitely agree. In fact, I was actually thinking of seeing a therapist about my self esteem, it's that bad. It pains me to think that it's a trait typical of ISFJs, but that seems to be the case....
Maybe. Could be like.. finding someone to unleash all of the thoughts on. I actually usually have a person dedicated in my mind to tolerating that. >_>    I wouldn't suggest assuming that, but...
I don't perceive myself as annoying, but I do feel that I sometimes talk to people too much, or smother them.. which is a pain. But I could be annoying. I don't really know. I suppose I'd have to...
That seemed almost poetic. I had to say it. :laughing:
1. What is more important to you? The ends or The means? The means.  2. In your opinion, what is your biggest flaw? My self-image.  3. What do you secretly wish you were much better at? I...
Hahahaha okay just making sure. I didn't want to assume it was just a joke. >_>
bob_toeback  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGRwiHoTcwY
Well played.  Are you really asking though?
Well from my perspective there isn't much that can be done as a whole, because I don't know many people who have the resources to offer any real help. But I suppose you're right.   Thaaaank you!...
I don't think it's always bad to disconnect from a situation. Granted, if it's every situation then there's a problem, but, in reality there isn't much that can be done about the riots right now and...
I don't see it as heartlessness, more like emotionally disconnected optimism.  Did that make sense?
Haha, oh this thread.  No pulp. I hate.. little bits of things in my food/drink.  Dark chocolate or milk chocolate?
Yeeeah I usually hate trying new things. I suppose it depends on the situation, but where there is an opportunity to fail at something, I often feel that failure is worse than not trying, mostly...
http://oi56.tinypic.com/30b206p.jpg  Well whaddya know. Though I find the Introverted Intuiting score a bit surprising..'"


4838: 'thats interesting because my ISTJ will sometimes say something so believable and straight faced that i later realize was sarcasm. With almost anyone else i can tell right away but he is a bit of a...
that is so nice! wish my ISTJ was more into stuff like this, makes sense that you are an ISFJ
no, i meant i wonder why so many iNtuitives posted on this thread, i dont mind, all are obviously welcome, but it surprised me a little. Do alot of ISTJs end up with iNtuitives?
hmm, some people tend to take that attitude when they dont get the acknowledgement they want over time. Nothing against your wife or anything, i just find it annoying to hear but that may be because...
i wonder why that is
aww! yeah its never good to not get closure... keep positive, theres so many people in the world.
what is the name of the show depicted in your avatar? i started watching that on Netflix and i cant remember the title.
Girlfriend, wife, lover, boyfriend, husband... did you get them anything for Valentines day?
he doesnt drink. i also dont believe im actually face blind.
i can relate.
Thats weird ive read that ISFJ or ESFJ were our best match.
ISTJs are likely going to understand and go along with normal societal situations where INTJs may challenge them. ISTJs are going to be more outwardly social and dutiful. They are your typical father...
Probably not a bad idea but i doubt he ever would, i cant even get him to go to the doctor or dentist.
Im not sure i understand your rant. Is this about how many people claim INFJs arent actually INFJs simply because the statistics and studies show that they are a small percentage of the population?...
The purpose of this thread is to determine if its is a common practice for INTPs to verbally explode from time to time.  Heres my story: I live with my husband and INTP brother (we moved in together...
everything.
I think it helps alot to think verbally when communicating between ISFJ/INTJs.  You make quick conclusions that make sense, obvious patterns... but ISFJs make other conclusions that make sense and...
oh also venting, expect venting/complaining from time to time. no need to fix the problem just listen and allow them to unload their negative energy. This may seem illogical or wasteful but its...
It sounds like you are aware of your attachment to your boyfriend as a desperate attempt to not be alone because you dont value yourself enough (before you argue against that... think about the...
Thank you for this explanation. I dont think i would have guessed that. This will be helpful in the future i think. Ive noticed an INTJ get upset explaining something (rather than repeating) and I...
Id want him to choose his words carefully, you cant expect your spouse to make the easy logical jumps that you do, we take more time to process information. Sometimes we dont take initiative that...
i think u are gonna have to show us
i can see where an ENFP could easily fall into that category.
lol i find you amusing.
Im not sure this comment was helpful in any kind of way, unless of course the venting made you feel better. I think that is part of what annoys other types about ISFJs (our venting to close friends...
My husband and i went on vacation once and he spent it digging a cistern in his parents back yard.
Ill stitch that on a sampler. ;)
7 hours? i cant imagine how drunk id be by that time
i dont want to post the actual conversation with my INTJ friend since I feel it would be an invasion of privacy but i though my question was direct. I dont want to appear demanding. I just want to...
I know personally i feel bad if i think im being bothersome so i take a step back if i think im being annoying since some people wont tell you when you are, to avoid hurting your feelings. She may...
my ISTJ husband is the same, i think if he had to relax for more than a day he might die.
trust is gained over time. Im assuming you are the young one in this relationship. Shes using her sensor powers and relating you to other young girl-older guy scenarios that ended badly. Over time...
long distance relationships are said to be hard because no one ever sees each other often enough.  Have you mentioned your concern; that she doesnt initiate conversation. She may not realize that...
That is the impression i get, they say very selfless and kind things. Sometimes i question if it is because if i was raised by iNtuitives or if im an unhealthy version of my type. I could just be...
a wonderful show of affection indeed! Yes it may not make any sense but tradition is deeply ingrained and it may help to just realize that holidays and birthdays are days most sensors deem special....
i want to thank you for your effort in making that connection.  When people can see past themselves it can help greatly in interpersonal relationships. Only possible pitfall i see is that sometimes...
to be fair he did... since the conversation was in messenger i was able to scroll back to try and figure out just exactly where things went wrong.  i cannot pinpoint the exact location where our...
This is beautifully said.  The INTJ in question referred me to an article regarding friendship that talked about Kenzoku (a japanese term)  It implies the presence of the deepest connection of...
the friendship is important to me and its a challenge sometimes to communicate, but im willing to put out the effort because the friendship is unique...as long as its reciprocated. Im not sure what...
i think id consider an email reaching out. i didnt list it above though.
thank you very much, not only for helping me, but also for seeming to understand what it is im actually trying to say.
i feel similarly, i wonder if it doesnt have more to do with 6w5 than it does with ISFJ (my ennaegram too)
Id say low, but i suppose it depends on who you ask.
I really dont understand how my original post could be seen as demanding. How do you ever see any of your friends if you and they never initiate it (by calling or talking somewhere)?
what kind of connection can you really stand to have if you never interact?
I would say its not negativity, its the words being considered as attacking people's character. Its amazing how similar a logical and calm INTJ sounds like an angry and hurt Fe user. the intentions...
I agree, there is always a deal breaker with romantic love. If the person becomes a serial killer or rapes your sister you will stop loving them.  But in an ideal family a Mother (and father i...
When in a friendship i set guidelines for myself... because its easy for me to give more than i get and i have fallen into the doormat type scenario before. I observe peoples' behavior and if they...
i wouldnt say thats necessarily true...hard is subjective but the point of the thread itself was focused on WHY other types perceive ISFJs as negative in spirit not really in our inability or...
maybe i just have a raincloud above my head. it could easily be perception of past experiences tainting new ones. Really though i just consider myself a realist, and my INTJ friend says that realism...'"


4863: 'Sorry, I didn't see that - it was updated while I was still writing, I'm afraid. Yes, that does help a bit - it probably signals to you being a sensor. Unless any conflicting function use comes up, I...
Cognitive functions are really the basics of finding your type. I won't get too far into it, I'll just direct you to some links that could help you out: ...
RLUAI. Correlates with INFP, apparently. Fits me to a T even though I'm an SJ.
Obvious INTJ 4w5. MM is an INFJ type 4 also.
What makes you think that Vegan Gains (Richard) is a Fe user? He certainly has his problems but I could never see him as a troubled Fe user. He seems very Fi to me. INXX - cross INFJ off though.  ...
I think Si tends to want to be concrete and grounded, focused more on what's real - ISTJ's and other high Si users often have a steady compulsion to correct people. It's one of my flaws that gets me...
Are you very familiar with the cognitive functions? If so, are you actively aware of whether Si or Fe is your most used function?
Our sensing functions are used for focusing on our sensory experiences, hence the name - Si is very much about our memories as well as our five senses. The names Introverted Sensing and Extroverted...
Guessed I would get ISTJ, I got ISTJ. If it wasn't for my Ti use I would straight up consider myself to be an ISTJ, no doubt. Damn you, Ti!
ENTP?  As of right now... (I think I might have posted this somewhere else too - I can't get enough of this song!)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQcMQ4LYiNQ
I agree with Verizzles, you come across as very inferior Si, dominant Ne to me. I can't relate much to the ISFJ forum, but I'm still an ISFJ.  Do you only have a difficulty remembering facts, or...
I tend to get too involved in trying to dictate how others live their lives. I try to be live-and-let-live, I end up being critical. I am overly critical or tradition, religion, what's acceptable in...
I can relate to this a fair bit. And that's pretty cool about your friend - it just proves that public school isn't always the 'best' way!
Good and evil are values created by society. We all have different definitions.  But if you're going on society's moral ideas, then nobody is born evil. A baby born into ISIS is raised to behead...
Wasn't that a Kate Moss quote? Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels?  It's the most pro-anorexia type quote I've ever heard. There are plenty of things better than being skinny. Food, for one,...
This is the perfect time to chime in with my username.
They shouldn't be banned from politics forever. But take them out of roles that actually involve dealing with people and their rights.   People cannot help their predicaments - but just like how...
You do seem more ENTP-ish to me, but that's going more off personal experience with them. There's always a possibility of ISFJ if you use the same functions as ENTP and INTP, but that would depend on...
Every ENTJ I've met hates me, finds me annoying and then proceeds to make fun of me until I leave. I've met four and they're all the same. I just can't understand what they get out of being blunt and...
You come across as either INTP or ENTP, to me.  A few questions:  1: Do you often intuitively understand how others feel and act with confidence, or do you tend to guess and then worry that...
We should destroy both. The white race are as meaningless as all the others, and are slowly destroying the planet with their over-farming. White rice contains high amounts of arsenic and will kill us...
You do sound like a Ne dom to me. I see some Ti too, which rules out XNFP - then again I'm not any sort of typing expert.  Where do you get your energy from? Do you tend to become very exhausted...
I'm not. I just can't understand why you would stick with society's standards. This is another reason why I doubt my ISFJ-ness. I've heard multiple ISFJ's describe tradition as safety. For me, it's...
I love to think about hypothetical scenarios. That's definitely not how I would react, and I'm an ISFJ. I'd want to discuss it more. Either he has an underdeveloped Ne or you have to understand that...
sx/so
Yeah, I've been through pretty much every type and people on here keep telling me that I'm an ISFJ even though everyone else I know seems to think I'm an INFP.  Young me was bossy and loud. Baby me...
Sadly this isn't me at all. The more I read on the ISFJ forum the less I feel like a ISFJ. I can't relate to any of it.
Aaah! It's me!
I go between INTP, INFP and ISFJ regularly. I crossed out Fi and I appear dominant Si, so ISFJ is what I've gone for even though I don't relate at all. I also get branded as the most boring type. Sigh
It sounds weird, but I'd love to be that stereotypical hard-female character from survival movies and live somewhere like this. Ideally alone. In the woods. Leave me alone, people. ...
I'll chime in quickly to say that the quote in Vive's post perfectly describes me. I could never answer why I was anxious, all I knew was that this anxiety was overwhelming me and that I would go out...
I guess I would define being a sensor as sticking with trusted systems, seeing things as they are, staying in the here and now. I'm always one step ahead, always thinking about what's coming next,...
This is really interesting - I don't quite know how to spot functions just through writing, so it's pretty cool that you managed to do that.  RLUAI is a type on the Big Five personality test - it's...
I just wanted to say for a start here, thanks for helping me out with all this. I'm not nearly as experienced when it comes to MBTI as some other people are, and when it comes to functions I can't...
Yep! The next three years couldn't come sooner.
2002 kid here! :ghost2:
I've moved past the ISFJ typing because I can't relate at all. I was typed as an ISFJ by a guy I'd only known for ten minutes who went straight off three hypothetical situations I'd given him (all...
I'm not sure how relevant this'll be, but I took an alternative test on here and scored this (the percentage being how much I use it): Ti: 41% Fi: 71% Si: 62% Ni: 60% Te: 50% Se: 32% Fe: 45%...
When I take in a new location I usually judge it by how it compares to places I've seen before. I generally have certain sorts of places I want to go, and if going to a new location doesn't give me...
Ti: 41% Fi: 71% Si: 62% Ni: 60% Te: 50% Se: 32% Fe: 45% Ne: 55%  Fi, Si, Ni and Te are the highest. Even though I know I use Ne. Sigh.
I think I'm a definite Ne user, not 100% sure about Fi but I think the scales are tipping towards it. Also, I've just read this: 25 Struggles Only INFPs Will Understand | Thought Catalog And it's...
I can relate to that Ti description so much better. I can't learn new concepts or problems without knowing what makes them this way. E.g I did terribly with Maths lessons for several years, not...
If I see someone approaching me then yeah, I'll completely overanalyse everything before I speak to them. I spend car rides to social events planning out how I'll greet the people, what I'll say, etc...
I tend to go over my thoughts for quite a few days, figuring things out a little bit before I ask other people for their input. This often depends on how devoted I am to the concept - e.g I wonder...
INFP's are the embodiment of Avoidant PD. Dependent PD is also commonly seen. Plus a decent half of the NT's I met could be classed as Schizotypal.  INFP here with Depression, Anxiety, ADHD,...
That's a pretty difficult question to answer....I'd say it depends on the circumstances. If it comes to the discussion of morality I'll ignore my Si as much as I can. I know that getting angry at...
After months of trying to figure my type out I've finally concluded that I'm probably an INFP. Being who I am I then cover every social media page with information about my newly decided type, which...
This is an older thread, but I just wanted to chime in and say that I'm an INFP and I can relate to Dan incredibly well. He reminds me of myself, as well as my INFJ close friend at times. Phil is...
Mia Wallace from Pulp Fiction. https://68.media.tumblr.com/fed83c57bc909614c3aa6559bd781217/tumblr_inline_o0nqkfKsUt1qlr65v_500.jpg
Depression leads to an incredible amount of self hate for me. I can be selfish because I'm wrapped up in my own feelings - but not narcissistic. I think narcissism is a trait rarely found in INFP's....'"


4922: 'I actually think Gibbs is more INFP.  I'm ENTP, but because I was in the military I became extremely organized.  If someone didn't know me, but saw me IRL, I can come off as an INTJ.  Gibbs has his...
I liked anything with Meg Ryan. :)  I enjoy romantic movies...usually...when I actually watch them, but I don't go out of my way to watch them.
It looks like this thread has died down. I really appreciate everyone's help. For any who are interested, here's what I've considered.  When I took my first MBTI test, I tested as an INTJ. It was...
I think that's accurate. I was thinking how to test this. I almost think if I were Fe I'd care more about other's following my code. There is certainly a level kindness (etc.) than everyone should...
I don't mind at all. I went from Roman Catholic to Eastern Orthodox. To an outsider (not to imply you are) it likely looks like two sides of the same coin, but I would argue they're not (any more)...
I have a fear of authority--an uncomfortable fear. I think it is likely due to my upbringing. But I will say through much of my life, though I was not a rule breaker, I was certainly a questioner of...
Of course laying on the couch watching TV is always a decent option. But my favorite way is to light a candle, turn off the lights, make some peppermint tea, listen to some relaxing music and read...
I always feel dirty after making a decision based on emotion. Even if I make the wrong choice, I tend to feel better if I keep my emotions out of the decision making.    Great question. It is...
Here are my results from Celebrity Types functions test. I tried to be as honest as possible.
Unfortunately, I know the tests too well. It's difficult to take them truly objectively.
No. I don't think so. It's hard to imagine a scenario where I'd need to. I mean I would fight for my loved ones, but murder is out of the question.     Devastated. If I did something so brutal,...
It's a struggle. But when I can look back on a moment when I was able to follow it, I feel good.     Yes it does. I've always sort of felt that I was of two worlds. I am a spiritual creative...
I was hoping I didn't have to say. I'm worried it may taint everyone's typing. :)
I'm not sure where the protecting comes from. I guess my understanding of chivalry, what it means to be a man, etc. The virtues are important to me. The Worlds Greatest Generation are heroes to me....
Introvert.
I change my avatar a lot, but I generally pick a hero of some sort. In this case I chose a knight. The knight (or archetypal superhero) represents to me inner strength. It's about doing what's right...
What are your stances on rules and regulations? I try to abide by them. Most laws are just. I consider myself a rule follower. I believe laws should be made and enforced as small and as local as...
Thank you very much, Jeremy8419.  Do you smile a lot in public? I don't think so. I give the courteous smile/nod when passing someone, but I likely generally look pretty serious.  How do you...
I have spent a lot of time learning MBTI but I can't figure myself out for the life of me. As soon as I seem to settle on a type, I begin to doubt it.  I'm asking on the INFJ forum because I...
lol now I see. Probably not. :happy:
What wording is it that bothers them do you think? Is it the religiousness?
That sounds about right. I relate most to: Person Number Five, you probably have the motivational gift of exhortation.
I asked this question on the INTP forum, but didn't receive a response. Could it be because it is a religious personality test? ;)   Have you ever heard of the 7 Motivational Gifts? Which do you...
Have you ever heard of the 7 Motivational Gifts? Which do you identify with most?  What is your motivational spiritual gift? | Institute in Basic Life Principles
Thank you. :)
I'm a huge fan. In fact, his INTP book was one of the first clues I had that I might actually be an INTP. Great article. Thank you for sharing.  Actually, the door is open for INFP for me as well....
What are some of your earliest stand out memories? Any memories that seem almost like milestones or bookmarks? Not because of what they are of necessarily, but just the clarity or consistent place...
lol it doesn't bother me. At work, I feel obligated to stay on topic and to keep others on topic, but in real life, I enjoy discussions regardless of which trails they run down.
:happy: Mine range from 5 to 16 with 2-3 years in between.  I've considered their types, but I haven't been working too conclusion. I figure I should figure myself out first. But, I do have some...
Thank you for sharing, Lysana. I'm a 39 year old father of 5 so please don't worry. :)  I almost think having kids early (and often) can delay our self discovery. Not that it's bad. We get so...
This is great. :) I have a coloring story to juxtapose against this. I colored a two page spread of some scene (I can't remember what it was) but I do remember that I colored the whole thing in...
Exactly. This is almost opposite for me. Math is a great example. I couldn't memorize my times tables for the life of me, but I could always figure out complex math problems. I would just have to do...
This definitely sounds like Si/Ne to me. Very helpful. Thank you for sharing.  I'm still fighting the internal battle with myself whether I'm ISFJ or INTP, but here are my thoughts on what you...
Many of these points in the link sound very familiar, but some I just don't relate to. For example, I had an early aptitude for color and etc. and felt uneasy in new surroundings, but I was never the...
I'm hoping to get your help with an answer to a question I haven't been able to find anywhere.  Can you think back on your elementary school years and recall what your Si felt like...or how you...
I think mine causes me to constantly doubt anything and everything I try to decide about or for my self. I think it's also responsible for my clownlike defense mechanisms. This quote comes to mind......
lol yes!
Generally white or ambient noise helps me like a fan.  If I'm trying to come up with ideas or something more creative, music is helpful. When programming, I like music without words (e.g. movie...
I generally have a hard time getting my thoughts out verbally in a way that people understand. I tend to bounce around, back track, re-state, etc. It can be tough for others to follow me.  As far...
A if I was interested, but Cs otherwise. I waited to the last minute to do everything and often failed to even do it then. But if it was a class or subject I was interested in I did really well.
My trade is software development, but most of my interests (read obsessions) outside of work are in the humanities. I do feel I need to create as well.
Geography Sense of direction  Spelling
Never a journal in the traditional sense, but I document a lot. In highschool I kept notebooks that I'd fill with ideas, quotes, drawings, theories, designs, etc. Today, I keep to google docs, but I...
Definitely. I have many cobweb covered hobbies, interests, incomplete projects, etc.
Okay, now I feel better. All of the above sounds very familiar to me. I obsess and learn a great deal about something, but it's not, as some descriptions explain, for the sake of becoming an...
Exactly.  I personally don't feel like I'm an expert on anything, but I do have a pretty wide range of knowledge as a result of my curiosity. I'll get caught up in some thing and obsess over it...
I've often read descriptions of INTPs stating they favor a depth of knowledge over a breadth of knowledge.  Does this ring true for you?  Which type is more likely to have a breadth of knowledge?
:) yeah
Everything you wrote sounds just like me. I spend a great deal of time trying to figure out who I am. It's made me think I might be an enneagram type 4.
I've been thinking about this statement the past few days. This might be the key. I've always assumed that my Ne was Aux because of how strong it was, but I don't think I really considered if it was...'"


4985: 'I don't mind you resurfacing this at all. I appreciate your analysis. Yay for the ISTJs and their questions!
I love fall. The colors, the holidays coming, school, warmer clothes...  But winter is too cold. And the snow makes it hard to get around.
I have one really close, non-related friend who I spend a lot of time with. I am very good friends with my family, especially my mom, sister and Grandma. I have a couple of good friends who I Skype...
Humility and joy.
I just read this simple but profound list about letting go of people who are no longer a good part of your life. I think that as ISFJ's, one of our biggest difficulties is hanging onto bad...
ISFJ's are an interesting mix of outer and inner. We are balanced, or unbalanced, by the push and pull of two worlds: the world of emotion and inner focus and the world of people and action. So what...
I was reading through this site and chuckling maniacally the other night; my family thinks I am nuts.  Unhappy Hipsters
I am a rabid fan of:  1. Legend of Korra 2. Gotham 3. Doctor Who 4. Almost anything from Masterpiece Classic or Masterpiece Contemporary BBC.  I watch too much tv.... : P
I am a Christian, because it gives meaning to my life that I don't think exists outside of God.
To be human is to to be a steward. We have been given responsibility unlike any other creature to cultivate and invest the resources that we have been put in charge over. I like to think of mankind...
I live at home, and I spend a lot of time working on things in my room.   I go to a private school within walking distance from my house, but I do not like to hang out there between classes, so I...
I know only that everything is meaningless. I am a selfish, mean spirited sinner. Material things die away. Friends leave. Everything is meaningless to me without Christ.  I don't say this to bang...
Which is perfectly reasonable.
Nice clarification. That makes sense.
I am absolutely horrible at reading other people. I tend to overanalyze everything and project my own feelings onto others. : (
Thanks for sharing! I totally understand the need for communication, and I appreciate your experience in an ISFJ friendship.
I'm sorry to hear about your experience with the pill. I can see how that would change things.  I'm surprised at how much this conversation tends to center around girl ISFJ's, which does make me...
So, I've been reading the post about how other types find us hard to be in a relationship with. I must say, it wasn't exactly the most fun thing to read. But that said, it left me with questions.  ...
Never love anybody who treats you like you are ordinary. -Oscar Wilde
I walk with quick, medium length strides, heel to toe. I tend to bounce, but in more of a busy way than a cute way. I usually have my hands pockets if I wear a coat. I wear low heels or boots, so I...
Just to echo the others, words of affirmation! Notice the things that are important to me, that I do well, that I am working hard on and then compliment, encourage and ask questions. Love me by...
I really like the last two photos; The simple, clean style. But the ones before that are too busy.   As far as my room goes, I try to have a minimal amount of things out. The things that are out...
[QUOTE=cheapsunglasses;12476138]The friendship became detrimental when the betrayal occurred. Even after the betrayal happened and I physically removed myself from further contact, I still hold that...
Is it really betrayal when the friendship is detrimental? I think that you might be demonstrating an ISFJ mentality that makes it so hard for us to let go, the mentality that letting go of a friend...
I recently had to cut a friend out of my life. He was an ISTJ, and we hung out pretty much constantly. He was not a very good friend. He didn't challenge me to be a better person, he wasn't really...
Dear INTJ,  You are the best friend I could have wished for. Your ability to understand the thought processes of both sides of a story amazes me. Thanks for putting up with all of my crazy...
I think that ISFJ's are investors. We tend to get really invested in the things that we are involved with: work, school, friends, e.t.c. This leads to a lot of hurt feelings because the emotional...
Sounds like there's a story behind your comment.. ; )
1. I definitely am looking for the One. But I do believe, practically speaking, that there are many possible ones.  2. I think that in order to maintain a relationship, there must be passion....
Same deal! My two friends are convinced that I am a extravert, because I am always the instigator of social outings. Out of the three of us, I am the first to laugh, the first to suggest going out...
I think that the website has good, though highly specific, advice for an ISFJ trying to become physically healthy. Detailed plans and emotional memories are like catnip for us.   The odd thing...
Greek homework.  A friendship that I had to break up.  The availability of chocolate.
I think it is unfair to locate this problem only with attractive ISFJ's, especially since attractive is a subjective concept anyways.   As ISFJ's, judgment is inherently part of our character...
Haha! 6 and 10 are spot on. Although, I definitely need my close friends.
I think ISFJ's make for excellent leaders but bad teachers. Why? Because good teachers need to be able to confront/challenge students without taking it personally. Because of our I F combination, the...
When you are unable to pull away from a harmful relationship, because in spite of how things stand, you see the potential of how they could stand.
I always learned things the hard way. I was terribly lonely and did not make friends easily.   I read a lot, and entertained myself with crafts.
I think I may have just failed one of my finals.
I wouldn't say that that isn't ambitious/driven. Moving a relationship forward is not something to scoff at. : )  Plus, a healthy marriage is a hard thing to obtain.
I am very forgetful, especially when it comes to impersonal things, like school memorization. But I tend to remember things about people, like stories they shared with me.  But I am not messy. I am...
I would say that I consistently shy away from some things, while I make a habit of standing up to other things. I make the choice based upon whether or not I think I can get a positive outcome from...
It's neat to have such an image of what I could possibly become. Thanks for sharing!
I think it is possible to know your parents, especially as you grow up. As I have gotten older, it has been very important for me to understand my parents as individuals in order that I might be able...
I am a very even mix of both. As far as face shape, I look like my mom but I have my dad's hair texture, nose shape and height.   Even my personality is a mix. I am a great organizer and manager...
That makes a lot of sense. I like your clarification of driven vs. ambitious.
I feel the same way! I have a feeling my friends have no idea how mellow I am when I am not around them.
It is very hard for me to hide my feelings, but on the other side, I have a hard time expressing my feelings. If I'm mad, everyone will know it, but it will take a while for me to be able to...
I've gone through the same thing. What is your favorite science?
ISFJ's are not usually characterized by ambition. We tend to stay where we feel safe and secure, in a nice introverted bubble where our feelings will not get hurt.   But is that really true?  In...
I'm a girl, so this might not all transfer.   I need honesty in any relationship, but I also need it to be said lovingly. The truth can be hurtful, so in approaching him you should make sure your...'"


5029: 'Oh, lol. Yes I'm fine, I mean as well as an isfj can be with a 6 month old baby and a recently sober husband who wants us back. I have very supportive family in the area. That's the only reason I'm...
It takes a lot for me to lose my cool and tell someone off. It only happens once in a blue moon. Well, tonight I made a fudge.   I'm in the process of reconciling with my husband (on the condition...
People who think it's ok to dis my family. Also my step-son's mother who keeps getting angry at my estranged husband because he keeps being who he is. Which is the reason they aren't together! Stop...
This lacks tact, it feels very offensive because I worked so hard on my marriage, but ultimately you were right, though I wasn't crying about it. The complainy bits were honestly the pregnancy....
Well the little guy is five and a half months now. Having a baby has been really hard on my marriage. Actually my marriage is just about over. My husband won't lift a finger for the baby. No diaper...
We have standards and expect people to try and be decent human beings... and when they're not, we argue. At least in my life.
I only feign humility and goodness, I'm actually arrogant, proud and controlling. :-/
As far as feminism goes I think gender equality is a great ideal. In practice, tho, at least in my part of the world it means my family needs two incomes to survive, which means that I have to work...
My Ne is a constant state of fear and pessimism mixed with overwhelming feelings that I have to escape my life or become more controlling and powerful.  It really is no wonder that ISFJ's are...
That sounds like a very serious and complex issue. To be honest, I really don't have a lot of advice for it. If I were going to put myself in your mother's shoes, what I would like and what would...
This! Actually this is how my friends and my sister got me into MBTI. At first I avoided MBTI like the plague because I thought it was too black and white and would rob me of getting to chose the...
Thanks guys! I'm feeling more and more like myself every day, thank goodness! Plus the little guy figured out how to nurse so we have almost erased all the negative side effects of being in the NICU....
I had my little boy! He was born sick and had to be in the nicu for a week. :( He's all better, now, tho. The lack of sleep, lack of routine and emotional stress of having my baby in the nicu is...
I know right! It would be such a terrible situation to be in, tho! Especially as an ISFJ, so sad. :( The thread that OP posted on the ISTP forum was really interesting and informative and reading...
I'm pregnant, not even just pregnant, I've been due to pop any day for weeks now. If you are here on the ISFJ forum on a thread about ISFJ/ISTP's then really the topic matter has nothing to do with...
I'm married to an ISTP! It's a lot of work. A LOT of work. I think this pairing is harder on the ISFJ than the ISTP- and certainly in my case. My husband is very much go with the flow, so he doesn't...
I loved this article! That is me to a T. There is so much about ISFJ's (and really every type) that gets misunderstood by the other types and I think they did a fantastic job explaining the little...
I wish more people viewed marriage this way. It really would help a lot of struggling marriages.
I'm not a dating expert. Especially not an expert on how guys should date in western society. But, if I had to take the initiative with a really nice guy (be the first to text to hang out, for...
I identify with most of the ISFJ posts around here. If they aren't saying something that I've thought before (and a lot of times they are), usually I can completely understand where they're coming...
Haha! My best friend already told me not to watch that show until I wasn't pregnant anymore...which I still am. Most stubborn baby, ever. Come out already!  There was always a part of me that got...
Best advice ever. Actually your description of this relationship reminds me almost word for word of a relationship and break-up I went through. Only we were off and on for the two years and had three...
Am I nice person? When I'm not pregnant. Pregnancy has brought out horrible things in me, and made me extremely not nice.  But even when I'm not pregnant there is a definite no-nonsense attitude...
I'm really sorry for the pain you're going through. I always thought I was a little odd when dealing with break-ups, but here are my answers anyway.  1. How long does it usually take you to get the...
I LOVED foreign languages. Hands down would study languages in all my free-time happily (if the mental exertion didn't trigger my darn seizures!). Next to that I liked art, psychology and...
Thankfully I'm due in the next few weeks and it looks like I'm going to have my little boy any day now. It's just so tough. It puts your endurance to the test! I thought I had way more than I do.
I hate everyone. I hate everything. I complain all the time. I don't care about how anyone feels but me.  Which my Fe sends me into random bursts of guilt for, and then I go back to being...
Dear everyone who wants or needs something from me,  Screw you.  Sincerely, An ISFJ
I'm a wife and soon to be mother. (Come on, baby, you can come out now, really!)  As a wife I look at it as my duty to keep my husband content and maintain a healthy relationship.  I'm a type 6,...
I don't like the set-up for most online dating sites- but I was extremely extremely picky about who I dated. And one of my rules for myself was that I had to know them in person, lol, which ruled out...
I write angry letters to the person who ticked me off. In them I'm just honest about how I feel and why I think they were wrong. I never send them- unless it was my husband that did it. Poor guy. He...
It's not a quality of ISFJ's per se, but it is a common problem for us. It's found more when we're unhealthy, unstable, or immature. It's no more a quality of ISFJ's than vulgarity is a quality of...
Dear XSXJ,  :'(   -An ISFJ
Dear ISTP,  Can you please be a little more reliable?  Sincerely, An ISFJ
I think I'm on the edge of a mental crisis.
My best friend is an ENFP, we've been friends for a long time. We don't see eye to eye on many things, but we're both pretty open to not having to agree about things. I help her be a little more...
I don't like every INFP I know, but my dad was one and he was my favorite person. :) I think INFP's have a surprising capacity to be incredibly special and touching people. But a few of the ones I...
I'm fairly attractive and very petite. For most of my adult life, I get compliments on my appearance when I go to the grocery store, while I'm working, when I go out to eat, etc. I would put myself...
Yes, that is almost an exact description of how I learn. I attribute my success learning foreign languages easily to Ti.
Dear INFP, I love you. I love you so so much and I can't believe you're gone. I just want you to hold me like you did when I was a little girl and tell me it will be ok, Daddy's here, you're gonna...
Lol! I shouldn't have said bashing, I was just being overly sensitive. The comment rubbed me the wrong way, is all, but I doubt they meant any harm by it. And I happen to agree about our type! I'm...
I don't aspire to any leadership anything, but when my bosses aren't around, my coworkers frequently ask me what they should do, or how they should do it. Being confident in my job seems to make...
Darn straight! I must say the biggest pro of pregnancy thus far is that my moodiness is making me stand up for myself a lot more. I don't want to take crap from people- I take enough of it from my...
I get along way better with men than women. In general I can't stand girl's drama. My best friend has always been female, tho, because my culture just doesn't let met and women get super close like...
Dear ISFJ,  Get a grip, stop being so selfish, start being self-sacrificing, and develop some compassion! Goodness, I'm getting sick of you.  Sincerely, an ISFJ
I saw this on the ISTJ forum and I had a lot of fun reading through their love stories. Since we ISFJ's are so romantic at heart (or at least I am.) I thought this would be fun! Sorry if someone...
My brother in law is an ISTJ and my sister is an INFJ. Me and twinnie (my sister) were very very close to a young couple that lived across the street from us when we were in our late teens. When we...
Dear Life,  I hate you.  Sincerely, an ISFJ
I spent a good five years in extreme pain that I mostly hid from everyone. It made me very good at acting normal when I'm not feeling it. I don't often chose to hide my feelings- why would I? If my...
My mom was only around until I was three, from what my dad says about her and how she was before she lost her marbles, she sounded like a depressed ESFP- but who knows really. I look like her with my...'"


5160: 'My type is ISFJ, so Si dom.   I truly cannot choose one over the other. Clearly when I listen to songs like Cassius 1999 (album version) by Cassius, it's all about the rhythm (assuming you mean the...
#1 Definitely not. :sad: #2 Yes. #3 Sometimes. :unsure:  I'm trying to acknowledge others more. It's hard. Not because I don't appreciate them, but I'm very quiet and I stick to myself. So it...
I definitely can't speak for all SJ's; not even all ISFJ's. But I absolutely HATE being pushed into doing anything. Especially something that is considered wrong. :frustrating: It's such a...
I hate poverty. It bothers me to no end that some people don't have enough. I do agree with ColdNobility though, that poverty is relative. A person in the United States might be considered poor, but...
Good question. It's hard to tell when I've tapped into Ti I think. I'd say for me the most obvious signs are when I start asking myself things like: 'What makes sense to YOU? How do YOU feel?' It's...
I feel your mom's pain to some extent. My dad loves to talk about physics (one of his favorite topics is anything concerning electricity). I tend to get lost immediately unless he uses some tangible,...
Ha ha. It's fine. No need to inflict harm on yourself. :wink: I was just making a point.
I haven't seen it, but I still feel this must be true simply because I find it highly unlikely that ANY movie could be as good as the hype that movie has received. Let it go people.   My list...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJGFQ7O9h-M   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNZ78c-hh1Y  Not as weird though as some of the previous mentions in this thread.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2smz_1L2_0   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLsakFKlFAs   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EwViQxSJJQ   :blushed:
The BEST answer in this whole thread. Sometimes I :love_heart: the bluntness of a Ti dom, LOL. :cool:
No offense taken. :laughing: This made me laugh. Growing up as the only sensor in a family of intuitives, I've come to the conclusion that N-types do things one way and S-types another. For things to...
^This. I worked at a company that didn't allow employees to show tattoos. Once, the district manager came in unannounced and made one of the women who worked there put on a sweater because this...
ufeffSee, this is why people assume SJ's are dumb and/or aren't interested in MBTI (or intellectual topics in general). Out of the 121 responses in this thread, only around 12 or so were from SJ's even...
After going back and reading my earlier post I just wanted to say I'm sorry if I came off rude or prejudiced. I want to reiterate that I have no negative feelings toward intuitives, whatsoever. I...
@ColdNobility , you and I are apparently the only SJ's that aren't offended by our MBTI descriptions, lol.   Seriously though, I don't think as many SJ's are offended by their type descriptions as...
Hehe, this got a chuckle out of me. I'd thank the OP's post if I could.
Hi and welcome to PerC. :happy:
Hi from across the pond, bignbashful. :wink: Welcome to PerC.
@Lynway , I LOVE your descriptions. I resemble that part about the chestnut cream. :blushed:  I figured  @TheDarknessInTheSnow  was using socionics (or at least something other than MBTI) for his...
The worst and most detrimental one for me has always been #8, but all of the ones underlined are problems to an extent. :sad:
Sorry to hear you're facing such a frustrating situation, Bricx. I hope the writing endeavors work out for you. The way you answered my question helped a bit; I was trying to tap into your T...
I'm in agreement with everyone else on this. You sound like INTx or possibly even xNTx. You sound way more like an intuitive than a sensor to me. Of course your conditions are interfering a bit with...
Oh yes, unfortunately. It's a problem for me and there's lots of guilt afterwards. :sad: Like  @Zoquaro  said, I've learned (still learning actually) that the best thing is to be honest but tactful....
As soon as I read your questionaire, I immediately thought: definitely an ISxJ. I can really relate to a LOT of things you mentioned and I think it's because of the Dom/Inf functions. I know you...
I don't know what made me think about this thread again, but for an outstanding example (at least in my opinion) of an ISTJ, check out the TV series Doc Martin. The titular character is like a...
You may be right about that. I wouldn't be able to say really. I just know it isn't something that interests me, lol. Now some Sci-fi I find interesting. But a lot of times it tends to go all...
I agree with  @Witch of Miracles . But I will say, as a sensor, I personally have no interest in the fantasy genre - Tolkien, elves, hobbits, Harry Potter and all that sort of nonsense (no offense to...
@justlurking , ha ha, your plea about not deleting your post made me smile. Welcome to PerC.  :happy:   I haven't read  @reckful 's linked thread yet, but I'm sure there's a lot of great info in...
Clear, blue sky. Lots of sunshine. Hot, hot, hit-the-beach-type-weather (like 87 degrees F and up). :cool: I'm cold-natured and am usually cold throughout the year. Summer is the only season I don't...
Almost all of the comments in response to this article on Dictionary.com made me chuckle a bit. But in response to this particular sentence in the main article – In reviewing Dictionary.com’s...
I agree with Magneto, Trump, and Disney. But I'd say Rory Williams (Pond) on Doctor Who is the best protrayal of an ISFJ I've seen in media. Hillary Clinton is a pretty good ESTJ nomination to me as...
Welcome to PerC, Ruby. :happy:
:laughing: I remember those days of blue screens and weird error messages. I don't blame poor Neo. With an experience like that, I'd be wanting to switch to any OS just to keep my sanity. Then again,...
At first, I was skeptical about this, but I think you may be onto something. My computer is an old Dell laptop that I purchased in 2009 and cannot bear to part with because 1) I've grown too...
Okayyyy....back on topic....  Hello Zulnex. Greetings from roughly 2,000 miles er, 3,200 kms away. Welcome to PerC. :happy:
Hi BrainontheWall and welcome to PerC. :happy:
You scored 35 out of 100 masculine points, 66.667 out of 100 feminine points, and 58.333 out of 100 androgynous (neutral) points.
This...    And this. :happy:
Hmm. These kinds of questions are always hard to answer since every ISFJ is an individual. But ISFJ's typically don't like to play games and usually take romantic relationships seriously. So if he...
Aww. :sad: Sorry. We're not that hard to please. Really. Just keep in mind all ISFJ's are different so you wouldn't be able to please them all. Like @Shale said, just be yourself and you'll find the...
I've played more than a couple Metroid games: Zero Mission, Super Metroid, Prime I, Fusion, Other M, and some of Metroid. Of course everyone has their own take on which game is best, but disregarding...
I've never actually played Metal Gear, but I've read up a bit on some of the characters. Without even having played it, I would agree with you completely on Solid Snake. He seems to ooze ISTP to me....
I don't hate ENTJ's. They have this awesome no nonsense, take charge, cut the crap, 'I'm running this' sort of overlord like quality. Who can hate on that?  (And I'm not just trying to butter you...
I'm not against any type pairing, but if I were, it would be dom N and dom S pairings. And for the very reason presented in this thread. I think many dom S types tend to find theoretical...
At this current moment:  Computer Love - Zapp & Roger  Previously today:  The Fever - Bruce Springsteen  Say - John Mayer Raindrops - Basement Jaxx  various product jingles (Coke, Mentos,...
LOVE IT!  :laughing: (Actually, speaking of VGM, I think Sonic 06's His World is a good IxTP theme.)    Hm, because an ENTP would be rickrolling someone, while an ISFJ would actually relate to...
ESFP    http://youtu.be/enF6F7DhTDg   ISTJ or possibly ISFJ male
triple post
double post'"


5205: 'ISFJ and atheist.
I'd rather give up chocolate, I've never been a huge fan of it. It's just 'ok' but I really like meat, lol.
I'm not against it. People can do what they want with their bodies. I'm sure they're aware of the potential side effects.
Why are you leaning towards ISFJ? Why do you think you use Si? I don't relate very well to ISFJ type descriptions either and actually relate very well to INFJ. ISFJ type descriptions are full of...
youngandbaroque are you leaning more towards ISFJ or INFJ? Do you have any questions?
I'm leaning towards ISFJ from the information you've provided in your OP. I actually relate very well to just about everything you said.
Love. People close to me. Security. Intelligence. Depth. Understanding. Beauty. (Not just the outward appearances of things. I mean also the deep, subjective, personal beauty people find in...
Sure. :) And just so you know, ISFJs have really sucky stereotypes. :P I relate more to the INFJ descriptions. Type descriptions can only do so much. It's really about function usage.  EDIT: Type...
Btw, I never test as S either. :P I always test as INFJ or sometimes INTJ. Tests will only tell you what you tell them, and they're made with stereotypes in mind.
That sounds like it could be Si. I'd say you're ISFJ.
Is this sort of thinking something you experience often? That sort of example I put above for Si?
What about other examples closer to the tree example. Ok, I'll give you an idea of what I'm getting at here, lol. There are different kinds of abstract.   The following is an example of Si being...
Ok, IxFJ. Si and Ni are very similar. They are both Pi (introverted perceiving) functions. I think a lot of people around here would say I'm an INFJ because I may not seem like their idea of what an...
Where does your self-worth come from? Are you concerned with they way you appear to others? Do you need to feel validated from others? Give examples when you can. I'm leaning towards IXFJ but I'm not...
This is insulting in such a disgusting way... your post is full of misconceptions and stereotypes.
I'm leaning towards IxxJ, yea.  Do you relate current situations to things that have happened before? Compare and/or contrast them?  Do you seek to look at things from different perspectives? If...
Here are some questions that may help. Provide examples whenever you can.  Why do you say your inner world is very complex?  What kind of worlds do you create? What sorts of things do you think...
Definitely more like my mom, in looks and personality, but I'm a little like my dad in some ways.
Yes, definitely, lol. I think people I grew up with would be creeped out if they knew what weird little things I remember about them from 15 or so years ago, lol. And like tightlips said, it's not...
I wasn't too surprised by them, lol  and she's married to Dear Daniel http://www.profilethai.com/wallpaper/original/profilethai_wallpaper0029.jpg
I LOVE HELLO KITTY, OMG!!! lol I have like... 10 different hello kitty backpacks and purses from over the years. :P  The only thing that really creeps me out is that she's married. O_o That's...
But we aren't Lady Gaga... maybe her truth is different from what you think it would be.
Maybe, maybe not. I sure don't know her well enough. And what exactly is the truth then? Is there one? Is there one for any of us?  *not being defensive or anything just thinking out loud*
Yea, I think her whole public image is a lie...
http://personalitycafe.com/articles/30020-problem-type-statistics.html  ^ I just read that thread the other day. It's 8 pages (kind of long) but I feel it revealed a lot so I thought I'd link it...
I tend to procrastinate with school work and I'm an SJ. :P But like kitty, I don't think I could pull off a 20 page paper in two days, that's a bit much, lol. But I've put off many an essay, even...
I know it says ISTJs but I wanted to answer too. :P   I'm like one of the clumsiest people I know of, lol. Like you I'm always running into things and have lots of bruises from it. I have so many...
It's important to look at the cognitive functions, not just type descriptions. Just because you sound like an INFJ doesn't mean you actually are. That goes for any type.  ...
It drives me crazy when people seem to think SJ types don't have minds of their own. That they only do what they're told and couldn't have an original thought to save their pathetic lives. Also when...
Ok, some questions like might help... actual examples you could give in answering these would be awesome!  You mentioned she likes to plan, is she more comfortable going with the flow or having...
She sounds like an ISFJ to me. There are some things you mentioned I'd need some further clarification on but I think maybe she'd only be able to give that? For example, I'm curious why she likes...
Like others have already stated, there are several theories for type compatibility. Really what it comes down to is if you click with the person. Thatx92s not dependent on type. :)    Also, two...
Idk it's really important to be able to understand how other people think and how they see the world. Humanity isn't just one personality type, and I think a school set up this way (since kids get...
Gahh, too much stereotyping here imo...  Just because people have the same MBTI type doesn't mean they're exactly the same. Some ISFJs are dead set against change while others will be more open to...
Idk why but the thought of eating a lamb makes me want to cry. xD They're so cute!!! I start feeling that way about chickens too but only if I think about it for a while and think of how cute they...
Hmmm, I like being an ISFJ. :P But yea if I had to choose another, probably INFP, ISFP or INTP.
@Angie Venomyz  I think this is going to vary. People are people regardless of type and there are a lot of variations in types. (ie. not all ISFJs are like me and not all INTPs are the same) Just...
*sigh* I haven't read through all of this but I've gone through most of the pages...  @Andrewfromthebay whateveryou choose, just be sure it's the right decision for you. I understand you've been...
Welcome! :)
1 ravoili or lasagna? lasagna 2 camping out or slumber party? camping 3 hamburgers or hot dogs? hot dogs 4 music or movies? music!!!! it's my oxygen. 6 comedy or horror? too hard! i'm more in the...
Welcome! :) :) we need more ISFJs, lol. :)
Not everyone thinks the way you do. Yes, I agree that she should see things from your perspective too. This is why talking to her about it is the best option because you can both get your sides out...
If I had to guess, it means more to her than it does to you. Since phantom mentioned ISFJ I'll give my opinion as one, assuming your mom might be one as well. I have this problem with my INTP fiance...
Hmm, I see your mom's perspective too but at the same time you couldn't have known she was using the towel and it seemed like you thought to yourself that she wasn't using it before you picked it up...
You'll find something, just keep applying. *hugs*
I hate taking days off work. I feel really guilty when I do because I'd have to get someone to cover my shift. I don't like having to ask for things like that.... also I'd feel obligated to cover one...
INTP (my fiance) I'm so drawn to that Ne, especially combined with Ti.   While growing up my best friend was IxFP. I'm not sure on the S or N.
1. What type did you mistype as? INFJ 2. What is your actual type? ISFJ 3. How long did it take you to figure out that you weren't the type you thought you were? Well, I was first typed INFJ...
Generally, INTP and ENTP.  In general: ESFP, ESTJ and ESFJ.
There's something about ISFPs I admire a lot. I can't really explain it. Probably the Fi-Se (JUST ENOUGH Se, NOT TOO MUCH.) and there's something about Fi, I just... idk but I like it!  I've had...'"


5224: 'When seeing an object or going to a place you suddenly remember all the memories that tie to it which can make you curl up into a ball of sadness sometimes.
The hardest part of it is that he's just always there in one way or another. I go to a small private school where there isn't a single face I haven't seen. He's always in the weekly announcement...
I dated this INFP for almost two years. We got together before we really ever knew each other over text. Our relationship was awkward for the longest time. It started getting better, be he never did...
She's definitely an extrovert, though. She doesn't mind alone time, but she's very open in her opinions and enjoys spending hours talking to her friends when she is invited to something. She refuses...
Interesting! I was typed as ISFP. I guess that's a possibility. I'm not very organized in the sense of clean orderness but more organized in the way that I like planning things ahead in the way of...
My mom's typing confuses me a lot. I'm not very good at typing extroverts anyway.  She's always busy doing things and overworks herself. She likes pointing out negative things. She feels she has to...
I'm an introvert living in an extroverted culture, and I was wondering what it's like in the reverse - being an extrovert in an introverted culture. Tell me the faults and benefits :)
My closest friends are all INFPs. Love them all to pieces. Best thing is they realize my existence. We all get on great.
Ooh well good luck! My finals aren't till after winter break, when I will have forgotten everything. Not looking forward too it.
Interesting :) Thanks for your time. Hope your finals go/went well ^_^
Haha! I might be. I'm not really sure what I am. I am bad at explaining myself. And my feelings. And coming up with ideas for group projects. Or just generally being in group projects. I always have...
What would you suggest I talk about to help you make a distinction? I don't know what to talk about, really. I'm really bad at explaining myself, sorry :)
Okay here's some basic things (I think)  1. I'm scared of approaching people because I don't know what to say (I try to plan it out beforehand if I do) but I want people to talk to me because I...
Try me? :) I'm not sure what to say about myself, but ask me anything and I'll try to answer in a way that isn't confusing (I find it hard to explain myself sometimes)
Thank you to everyone who replied.  There's one thing I want to clarify/touch up on. I cannot choose how I feel or how to look like I feel a certain way. I can sometimes talk myself out of things...
Hello, everyone! Lately, I haven't been having very good days. I feel like I'm bugging everyone, and the people I'm not bugging I feel like they don't realize I exist.  People daily ask where I...
On Saturday, I have Winter Formal. I enjoy dances very much. I go to a small school where no one can dance and we just kinda jump up and down and act awkward.  There's one thing that's bothering me...
If someone does something against my values, I honestly do nothing. It's not my business what other people do. If I think what someone's doing will harm himself/herself or others, I will advise...
You sound super sweet. Thank you for being a kind loving person. Those traits mean so much to me and probably to so many others. Keep being you! You're wonderful :)
It's impossible to judge people based on their personality types, because each individual person could be healthy or unhealthy in their type.  But generally speaking from my experience, if all the...
It can be annoying too, I agree. When I enjoy it, it's because I love remembering sentimental things. I usually hate when it's about people though, remembering feelings that I don't have anymore and...
Yep! What you're experience is exactly what I do myself! Interesting, isn't it?
I can't remember specific times that I remember random things, but it happens all the time.  I can't remember anything from school but literally once it comes to unimportant details, usually tied...
Wolves273  Thank you so much for the kind compliment! :) (And don't worry about offending me, I get what you're saying c:) And thank you for your helpful response!  I can definitely tell he's...
Robert2928 Thank you for your input. She could possibly not be ENFJ at all. She sees herself in so many ways which are very obscured. One day she told me she was an introvert because she liked...
LittleHawk SofiaDarkO attic  Thank you so much for your responses. They are very helpful. So you're thinking I should give him a little more distance, like talk to him less often? I sometimes find...
I'm attracted in a strange way to other people, and I'm wondering if any ISFJs are the same way.  I'm attracted mostly to the way people act. Like in the way they walk, and the way they laugh, and...
My ex boyfriend is an INFP. We call each other friends, but I'm extremely confused on how much of friends we actually are. He never texts me or walks up to me. We only talk in person if he's talking...
As an ISFJ female, I love when people ask me how I am and spend time with me. However, sometimes I don't like clinginess. It may just be me, but I like people who I feel I need to reach out to, but I...
Awww you're so sweet. Thank you for the compliments about our type! I appreciate it very much. I'm an ISFJ that doesn't know any other ISFJs, but I know that a lot of people don't notice when I'm...
I hear You're so adorable! every day. I don't really understand why I'm adorable, but I don't mind being considered so! It's usually how I talk, sing, or eat food (like a hamster, apparently), and...
Pottermore put me into Hufflepuff. And there's no doubt I'm Hufflepuff. Loyalty and kindness matter to me more than anything, and I try my best to be a loyal, kind person. Go Hufflepuff!
I'm so glad I'm not the only one. My room is very messy because I don't feel like cleaning often. School things are usually more organized but they aren't when I'm stressed. The more stressed I get,...
I play the flute. I like playing it mostly for fun, so I'm not really the person who practices a lot to become very good. I'm just not very competitive, really. I play in my school's band, which I...
I was really, really shy. I would cling to my mom's leg when she would talk to people, begging for us to go home.   I was super sensitive and had little control of my emotions. If I dropped...
I tend to get along with people more like me. I don't know if I've ever met an ENTP, but I'm sure I have. I get along with most types, but I'm never really good friend-wise with some opposites. I'm a...
I never really know who to consider my friend. I have a lot of people who I hang out a lot with in school, but it's very impersonal and we don't hang out outside of school. If those kind of people...
I really like being around you. You don't need to make things all fancy and planned out to hang out with me. I might be quiet and awkward, but I really want to hang out with you. I just don't invite...
My family has unique Christmas tree ornaments including ornaments from places we've gone on vacation, ornaments to symbolize hobbies we have, pictures of our old pets, pictures of us years ago, and...
My mom's an ESFJ, my dad's an INFJ, my brother is an INFP, and I'm an ISFJ. I get along with my dad the best.   My mom can be a bit too critical, especially when she's stressed, which is very...
I'm curious as to how other people and types view Christmastime. A lot of people love Christmastime, others hate it like nothing else. Tell me what you think and why.  For me, I generally enjoy it....
It's hard for me to hide my feelings but not difficult for me to not express them. I'm not sure how to explain it exactly. I usually think people can tell I'm sad more than than they actually do,...
I absolutely LOVE the cold. I just love getting all bundled up in lots of clothes and drinking warm drinks. Cold weather somehow puts me into a more cheerful mood. I'm also from California where it's...
I'm very awkward in dancing. I don't like being around crowds, but I don't want to look like the awkward person dancing on the side. With dancing, I feel like I need to blend in. I'd say the thing...
I have three INFP friends, but they're all very different from each other.  My first is my best friend. She used to actually be much more extroverted, but she has become more introverted as she has...
Appearance-wise, I'm most like my dad. I have his mother's eyes. I have his skin tone, his eyebrows, his face shape, his metabolism. I have my mom's hair. I'm most like my dad personality wise too....
I definitely have troubles with hanging onto people who I shouldn't hang on to. In a way, I see the best in people and don't like to assume wrong, even when it's the truth. Then when I remember...
SFJ having problems with a ENFJ friend I have a friend who's an ENFJ. We get along nicely most of the time. I enjoy the conversations I have with her and we have the most random fun times. ...
It's an ISFJ stereotype - but I hate critism. It doesn't do much for me. If I did something wrong, trust me, I know it and I'm working on a solution.  However, I have a major problem with getting...
sogood You're right that I might be expecting a lot to be talking to him as often as every week and a half. I'm okay with not talking that often with him. It kinda scares me when he outright avoids...'"


5347: behold  http://personalitycafe.com/member-photos-videos/304-portraits-personalitycafe-members-member-photos-pics-only-no-discussion-211.html
my eyebrows are MUCH better now. I had no idea what I was doing clearly :)
I don't think you're crazy!  I've studied a bit on synesthesia and honestly what you're saying does make sense.
Oh boy! My new favourite thread haha :)  Just take a peak at this page here and that will give you an idea of what I would imagine my dream wedding to be like <3
I would say that I am quite creative.. I love to paint/draw .. my favourite is typography. I've drawn tattoos for a few friends actually. I also sing and play guitar/write my own music.. I have a...
Chirbit - wonderwall - janessalaboucan - share audio easily
MAP  Still sick! But I got a new battery for my mic so I had to.. the wonderwall recording was literally just off the top of my head.. experimenting with a new tempo. I like the general flow of it...
MAP  I'll for sure continue posting.. even though I've discovered I am not actually an INFJ! Damn close I would say.. it was a tough one trying to figure it out.. but it came down to the inferior...
INF Jay I really liked cafe de nuit! I actually have that painting hanging up in my room.. when I saw the title, I had to listen!
MAP beautiful work! I love lovee the guitar and your voice fits so perfectly! Definitely keep up the work! I might have a little something to upload soon here, just recovering from strep throat! So...
She should also be a bit idealistic, such that she gets herself into trouble for opening her mouth and not considering other peoples' points of view.   u200bENFP 100%
Awww! Thank you :)  It has been quite the journey trying to figure all of this out! Thanks for the offer! I will be sure to PM if something comes up
Well, hello fellow ISFJ's!  Since I am a newly found ISFJ.. previously INFJ, INFP, and ENFJ (ahaha) I decided to throw these up here!  An edited picture......
:D
Yeah.. I haven't been a huge fan of any of the tests so far!
How well would you rate Holly's tips for finding your type? http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/7581-hollys-tip-finding-your-type.html  Everytime I take the test and turn my...
This makes perfect sense. The only thing that is left for me regarding intuition would be the dreams that I have.. and my de javu experiences.. but perhaps my Si is what causes me to remember that I...
Yes yess and yes! I find that I am constantly reading other people around me.. especially when I'm sitting at the town's bus loop and people walk past me.. I know when someones going to come up and...
I agree 100%   I'll be sure to read through the article!
Well I tend to avoid stressful situations in the first place.. and if such situation arises, I tend to become extremely irritable (usually I am a very calm and patient person), forgetful, and...
I often have hunches and I am usually right about them... there's been a few rather dark experiences of this that I've had so far.. and I've taken those experiences as lessons to listen to my gut...
I often find that I recognize people I've never met before too... usually that's where my sense of de javu kicks in.. and everything will come flooding back to me.. even though I haven't actually met...
Hmmm... after reading a bit more about Si... I'm wanting to lean more towards ISFJ now. AHhfhjsdh. Thank you so much for your input and help throughout all of this :)  I also have issues with OCD...
I find I am constantly plagued with... What does this remind me of?? A certain smell.. taste... voice. If a song sounds similar to another song I have heard... you can be sure I will rattle my brain...
Acerbusvenator  I also looked into the primary functions of the ENFJ and ESFJ AND SURPRISE SURPRISE  Fe describes me very very well Se also describes me very very well....  will I ever...
Well! When I first tested myself.. I came out as ENFJ... and I believed it to describe me quite well... until I decided that I was more introverted than extroverted. I think I'm having such...
ESFJ wins this one I'd say...
After just reading an article I hadn't come across about Se.. I think I just might be an ESFJ... would an ESFJ require alone time to recharge.. and feel at times awkward in social situations?? Social...
It's been a tough one for me.. especially because I believe myself to be very intuitive. I have hunches when something is about to happen... and often I'll play scenes along in my head about how...
Thanks guys for your input! I know that in the end it's only myself that can come to a conclusion... but I'd like to take everything in to account.. it helps with the process :)  And I will be sure...
Really!? Nothing?? Or am I just being too impatient here ahh.  3 hours...no response.... definitely being too impatient x)
When I first started learning about the 16 different personality types.. I considered myself to be an extrovert. This is mainly because I enjoy being around people, I have an active social life......
questforself you are such a sweetheart! I love how insightful you are.. and you have a great taste in music! I could see us definitely being good friends in real life!
I've been single for about.. 4 years now (Starting to see a pattern haha).. and prior to that I had never had a boyfriend. I've only had sex twice in my entire life.... and that is mainly because I...
Honestly when I first learned about the different personality types (very recently).. I tested out to be an ENFJ! I enjoy being around people.. and I get energy from good conversations with friends.....
:blushed: thank you!
keep it coming ;)
Playing around with the lighting in my room and some minor editing...the lamp by my bed gives off a really nice glow.  http://i558.photobucket.com/albums/ss27/paperwingsxo/IMG0302-1.jpg ...
WOW. Thank you so much for sharing this! I couldn't imagine what it would be like to experience this feeling in such a traumatic way. The way you described your experience of dejavu is quite similar...
Beautifully said, thank you.
I also found this under description of pink auras @TxWolves  Pink Aura Colour Meaning  What are Pink Auras and what does it mean to have pink as one of the dominant colours of the Aura? The Aura...
Oh okay! I see! And I also can relate to your sadness. Although I do have one example of being able to prove that the dream I had was real... it would never go anywhere beyond that. No scientist...
Thank you so much for your input on this topic :) It is greatly appreciated! I feel like there is so much left in this world to be discovered.. and I often find myself frustrated with people who...
So I have posted this thread before.. under the NF forum I believe it was.. but that was quite some time ago and it didn't generate much response from other members... so I thought I would give it a...
me + sex = never happens   well.. it HAS happened..but that was only because I was pretty intoxicated... I wonder if my INFJness plays a part in this.  I also have a serious issue with people...
I took dance for a couple years when I was a little girl and when I was in highschool. I would say I'm a good dancer but I definitely lack the confidence to ever just let go.. unless I'm alone in my...
I find that I get frustrated with people that majorly lack intuition.. and I've just noticed this recently. I've  been paying attention to what exactly is frustrating me and why lately.. and I've...
new pics.. just screwing around with the camera!  http://i558.photobucket.com/albums/ss27/paperwingsxo/IMG01182.jpg http://i558.photobucket.com/albums/ss27/paperwingsxo/IMG0148-1.jpg...
I've always been very musically inclined.. and I believe that I have a talent for singing and writing music. I spend every day practicing! I've been told often that I should become a writer.. but I...
Glad to be back! Thank you for the kind words. :)"


5477: 'OdetoBegin  Isnt as simple as get off your sorry ass?  Ohh it is in so many cases! I know anxiety can hold a person back, but it doesnt make something impossible.  Beatriz  This condition...
Diagnosed 6 months ago, treated for 3 of them. I miss the euphoric happiness you get from external events, even though you experience the opposite from time to time. ADHD is like an opposite...
I turn into an ESFP with short term memory loss.
What he said... Apologizing is really simple, remember to display it by action.
What previous relationships has he had? They key point is to be certain he is aware of what he really needs and wants. I wasnt at age 21. But he might if he has had some relationships to learn from....
1: The only part i particularly dont like about the ISFJ title, is the stereotypical doormat perception. I am under no circumstances a doormat, or have those tendencies. I will break the peace if I...
I feel accomplished whenever I see a product of my efforts
This is me on a great summer day :)  302338
Just to clarify. I dont mean switching the order of the letters, but changing one of them :)
If you could switch one of our letters I*S*F*J, wich one would you choose, and why?
Show us a voice that sounds like candy, then we'll decide
This is a completely subjective opinion, of course.  I saw the movie a long time ago, but what i remember most is the horrible pool of emotions i was left with. Summer has this attitude towards...
What a horrible movie...
I could only spend 1-2 days by myself, without interaction with others. I could go longer, but a depression would start to grow.
Why would an independent girl need someone? She's independent...
Do we ever hint at it? Hehe, thats about all we do. We use time, energy, money and all that we have disposable to spend time with the one we so dearly adore.  I realized one day that my pursuit that...
How old are you? We change our ways of thinking with age, especially at a younger age. I can relate to your situation. I had a thought process almost entirely based on my Feeling function, wich has...
Things got alot better with my new job. Work space and tasks got familiar and became routines, bingo! But my old job offered me a position i couldn't refuse, so i whent back :)   I can relate to...
Oohhh nooo, handicapped people break my heart into pieces :/ My face is a waterfall again....
Always forgive, never forget. Sometimes easy, sometimes hard.   I dont cut people off when they have hurt me, but a natural distance forms for a while.
I suck at telling jokes, do you?  The only time I succed, is when they laugh at me, not the joke.
Hate it
Ever thought that you are a balanced individual? I recognize alot of what you wrote, and you dont need to fit the stereotype ISFJ to be one. But i do believe you have dominant functions wich relates...
Biggest problem/struggle have been keeping my self esteem when things are going bad. Objective thinking comes to a close second...
I would have to say you need to chew the sour apple and beat through the rough sea. Its easy for me to say you need to let yourself go alittle more, relax your shoulders, dont pay attention to...
I remain calm and controlled in stressful situations where I, as a person, know I won't be the cause of blame if something will go wrong.
Selfless acts of kindness move and inspire me. When i see someone give a warm smile to a random in public, when someone strikes a random conversation with a stranger, when someone brings their...
I do the same thing. And i believe we typically use simple humor, combine it with a relaxed and goofy body image and create something funny in our own unique way. Sometimes it just looks retarded,...
Yes it does happen, and im usually not satisfied until i go back and do it different, and i dont care if it is impossible. If it isnt corrected, i will spend my entire life noticing that thing that...
Why cant you go back? What did you start? What a horrible question for an ISFJ to read :P   Be specific, and i will leave a specific answer :)
No where near naturally optimistic. I am artificially optimistic. I catch myself figuring out negative outcomes, and start thinking what good might happen and what i would like to happen instead. You...
When i have the time to hangout, i usually do it at home, alone. Thats in a week day though. I switch to an extroverted individual on weekends, i need to have an output somewhere
I love watching movies, especially romantic ones. Though i am a dude, im allowed to watch those because im an ISFJ ;)  I saw Silver linings playbook yesterday, i recommend it very much :)
FINALLY! Everything in your post is pure gold. Thank you! I hate the nurturer tag we get, it doesnt fit me in any way!   HandiAce, you are the man...
What do you do in these situations? If you are standing 3/6 in a circle, or just 1 on 1, and the conversations strikes upon a sudden and terrible death. How do you deal with the situation?   And...
Gender: Male Hair Color: Brown Hair Style: Sidecut Eye Shape: What the? Dont know how to properly answer this. Eyes of a nordic man... Eye Color: blue/green Glasses: N Personal Style/Manner of...
Warrior. They've got badass beards with shit loads of muscle. Doesnt matter though, my fe would cause me to run away like a bitch and trip on my beard in the process
Warning: You have been warned
When you mention that you are very outgoing when you are comfortable, i immediately think introversion, its an introverted trait IMO. But extroversion/introversion are based on our way of...
It means that you are retarded ;) and messy....
The reason behind the number-question, is our need for structure. Even numbers fits the mental puzzle perfectly, it gives a sense of completion/harmony.
I switch over to Ne whenever im around people im comfortable with, and im usually the one sucking up all the attention in the room. But im boring as hell when im with new people though, because im...
Simple question, im curious about our nationalities :) I'll start. I'm from Norway ;)  Oh, and one more question. Wich of the number 2 and 7 do you prefer? Odd question, but i have my reasons :)
Here we go again... Why do foreign types use our forum for trash? This is a failed attempt at anything, unless it was to upset me.
We're great because we dont give you a beating even though you deserve it.
Why not express your anger? If it is deserved, i wouldn't feel too bad about delivering the message in a controlled manner. Not only does it feel good, but you become less of a doormat. I know this...
My god those peach candies are insanely delicious, hekkan så solten eg blei...
Ugh, you friend sounds exhausting. I can see how she expected sharper reactions from you, and how that would upset her. Its obviously an attitude issue with her, and you kept your cool and thats...
Ahh man this brought tears rollin... What a beautiful clip!
Well its the same thing to be afraid of the police, and the authority the police possess. Its just another choice of words. Im afraid of my boss, but not outside work because he doesnt have any...'"


5635: 'My ideal husband...  Well I'm not even sure I want to get married...  Sorry for the downer, my attitude is 'I'll meet him, when I meet him' and until then I'll get along just fine on my own.
hello317, main differences between the two...  I'm only going to cite 'average' Protestant and Catholic, because I don't feel knowledgeable enough to inform anyone about eastern Orthodox, fringe...
Types I'd say I get along best with are...  INFP'S (My best friend is one)  &  ISFP's (My mother is one)  Sometimes there are frustrations on both sides but I get on well with them, mainly...
Completely inexperienced person commenting...  I'd go for the teaching myself, but I dislike the inner working of computers...  The psychology one seems a little shifty, will that position still...
Depends on the thing, if it's something I'd really like despite knowing I have little chance I'd give it a shot.   If it's something I don't really want, then I'd probably leave it (Like...
Handcuffed for life to a vampire...this is going to awkward for job interviews...
Okay, I'll add my mugshots lol...:laughing:  http://i195.photobucket.com/albums/z192/elfenluna/Picture001.jpg  Me about seven months ago, with short hair  ...
It's set at Christmas, look closely and you'll see all the lights, decorations, snow.etc. It doesn't connect with 'Christmas' as a whole, it's just a backdrop.    *Harry receives the call, on...
I didn't mean to be a downer, I just don't want you to make a huge life choice that you'd regret.   Australia does have a lot of employment opportunities, in certain areas. I'd shop around on...
http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQHaf0AYiLHBZJpbzdNW5yP_cMJGJx0W9rPMyFf2CA2-4h51Ap1
Okay, I'm going to be honest with you. As an English person.   There aren't any jobs. We have a serious problem with unemployment at the moment and our universities are the most expensive in the...
Favorite films...  1. Little miss sunshine  2. The Hunchback of Notre dame 3. In Bruges (My favorite Christmas film of all time) 4. Heavenly creatures  5. Bill & ted's excellent adventure...
I agree with MCRTS, mostly. One of my biggest problems with Bella was how she treated her father (When he hadn't done anything wrong).   However Bella's expression of love through cooking and...
ISFJ rebellion coming right up...  From 15-16, I went on a...study binge!   I took a huge amount of classes, worked around the clock and if I took less than an A+ I felt like a failure. I lost...
But seriously guys money isn't that bad of a social concept, it's pretty darn efficient in comparison with the old way of doing things.   My life goals are basically...  Save money= obtain...
My typical SJ reaction to this thread.  http://i195.photobucket.com/albums/z192/elfenluna/kids.jpg
Do other ISFJ's have trouble expressing anger?:angry:  I find that I hardly ever get angry, even when I should (To set boundary lines) and when I do finally burst it's usually over something...
My best friend is an INFP!  Some defining things about her...  *If she doesn't want to do something she will not do it. *She's quite laid back and isn't bothered by things that would worry me...
Something British this way comes...  Here to confuse with my countries education system.  Playgroup: Hated it, used to crawl under all the tables and bite the heads off plastic animals  First...
How are you today?   Pretty good, it's sunny and I'm going to spend time with my family.   What's your favorite color?  Blue (prefer light to dark)  What does your perfect day consist of?
I'm pretty sure people are always going to get sick and Doctors are never going to have the time to do all the caring duties needed for patients. (Nursing Major)
I always worry that if I open up to people what is inside me won't me 'interesting' or 'good' enough. So I don't open up at all or put on a mask. It's only when I have the 'mask' of a position that I...
Poor Sam, it occurs to me now that anyone less patient would have backhanded Frodo eventually, sodding ring or not.   I get this, usually on the rare times when I do speak out people tend to...
http://i195.photobucket.com/albums/z192/elfenluna/isfj2.jpg
http://i195.photobucket.com/albums/z192/elfenluna/ISFJ.jpg
1. Europe, that's a dream come true for me.  2.I'd tell my friend I saw a giant spider on your chest, I tried to swat it away with my foot but it crawled onto me, so I kicked out, hitting you in...
Thanks for getting back to me so quickly :)  I identify a lot with what you said, feelings of low self worth, chastising myself very severely in I do something wrong or do something I perceive as...
I have a problem with social anxiety, in new situations I clam up and put a cold officiousness shutting people out and just work. I have the warm Fe inside but my rigid outside doesn't allow it to...
Erm, not to be rude but are you sure  they knew you were working late or did you just assume they knew?  Perhaps pointing out that it was 'their fault' wasn't a very good idea, especially if you...
By being shown how, over and over again, until I could follow a set formula to do it right. I was good at equations but really bad at questions to do with finding values in shapes.
Midway between A and C. Sort of like stretched out fetal, arms close to face, legs bent and up towards chest but not as close an fetal. I also toss, A LOT.
Melancholy Phlegmatic   And it's pretty darn accurate!
Fav: History & English  Least fav: Maths and physics
Here an idea, the certificate can also be....
Your primary VALS™ type is Striver, and your secondary type is Believer.
ESFJ's in my experience can be extremely trying. I had a supervisor at a children's centre that worked at who I'm sure was one.   She saw my sensitivity not only as a weakness but an offensive...
Creativity is deeply subjective. One person defines making interesting shapes out of beads as creative,some people consider a mixture of sounds (like playing an instrument) creative, another cooking...
I'd say an ISFJ villain is possible, rare but possible. Very few films would portray ISFJ villains mainly because it would be a lot of work creating a convincing one. In my experience as an ISFJ, ...'"


5707: 'LOL! Funny. Your ego is hilariously huge. Again, why would I bother refuting something so clear to us that is irrational? You're the one who decided to get all huffy and puffy when I briefly...
My my. Looks like I hit a nerve. Why would I bother wasting my time and energy to refute something that is clear to us that you have deep-rooted issues about? I thought ENTJs were all about logic,...
Type: ISFJ  BS in Biology.   Currently going back to get my AA in Physical Therapy Assistant. Doctorate in PT was just a bit too much for me to pursue.
Ugh, I wished they had something like this in Cantonese:exterminate:
I was looking at the studies. Their studies have a bit of a flaw, as they don't track the person's intake for more than a few days. It doesn't take into consideration their tolerance levels, which is...
Find me a study where they tested individuals who didn't build a tolerance to coffee/caffeine. It also didn't mention too much about the dietary food intake that was consumed during this test period...
If you drink a lot of coffee, it could make you feel dizzy, as it prevents your body from uptaking water as well, which means your systems aren't going to work that well.   I would recommend...
Well, are you eating enough calories to begin with? Fatigue can be due to lack of a proper amount of calories. Meat is hefty in calories, which may be what your body is lacking.  I would avoid...
Someone sounds bitter.
Are you talking about projection?
Men with beards past 1 inch long.   Eww.
The movie itself doesn't provide a lot of information on her past/past life; just that she used to be a Japanese military person that killed a lot of people at a certain point in time. One could...
Unfortunately, Karma is considered a pure form of justice. It is blind to age, gender, etc. Only your actions are weighed.   e.g. Born poor -> Past life might have been super rich from the backs...
I don't get this trend. Is it popular because white people are now doing this sort of thing? Man braids have been popular for ages and is common in media before this sort of nonsense. See: AA...
It's technically a religion, based on the definition, but I see it more of a belief system. Basically, it's a rulebook on how to go about life.   Also, why did you post a picture of the Chinese...
To be human is to suffer.   The karmic cycle is to hold an individual's actions accountable. One could argue that it's not fair that the person is not even aware of their previous lives to make...
My advice for you is block his number, email, whatever ways he can contact you, stop responding to strangers messaging you on social media, and just ignore, ignore, ignore. Doesn't even matter what...
Actually, you still haven't held yourself accountable for your actions. You continued to place him on a microscope throughout this entire time to see what his actions mean and yada yada. You were and...
That is rather true. Feeler types are often guided by their emotions, but is often met with splashes of logic to their thought processes.   I do think it depends on how Feelers utilize this thing....
Honestly, I don't think there's an age where you do feel like an adult. Yes, you can become more responsible and have your life together in order to progress in the world more efficiently, but...
Your past paves the way for your future actions. At the moment, your actions that you have done are similar to that of the past. Which is why it is being brought up. You haven't learnt much, despite...
It does put her in a bad spot because she's a professional...
I don't buy it. You admitted to liking him in a joking context. If you actually wanted to confess, you would tell him in a more neutral setting, so he wouldn't misunderstand. However, this doesn't...
The OP doing the toying.
Have you read how he toyed with him in the other thread? It's pretty messed up.  http://personalitycafe.com/intp-forum-thinkers/675218-intp-male-attraction-behavior.html
Part of being sorry is actually apologizing to the person and trying to change your behavior.  Based on your thread, you haven't changed at all and still continue to play childish games with...
You're not a saint: INTP Male - Attraction and Behavior  Drop his friendship and move on.
Do both of you two a favor and drop his friendship.   Also, I don't buy the innocent act, especially when the first few pages were about you trying to figure out if he was gay or not. Don't act...
That's straight bro banter. If you don't like it, stop participating in it and take him aside and tell him to cut it out. Disrespectful? Perhaps. Ego boost? Doubt it. Most likely, it's just his way...
I don't think you're being manipulated. Rather, I think you're overanalyzing every little thing, which is probably making you project crazy and giving your friend an uncomfortable feeling.   If he...
For the gym workout thing, he probably just wants to go at his pace. Going to the gym is tedious enough as it is and I'm one of those people who enjoy other people's company there, but don't like...
That having an preferred emotion-based approach/solution to life doesn't mean it should be dismissed as illogical.   Being aware of the little things done and acknowledging/showing appreciation...
Is she in a committed relationship?
What if I lose him one day -> Well, you will be single  What will I become -> Become a single person  Not exactly the end of the world, as there's always other fishes in the sea.   I...
Maybe he is stressed with personal things going on in his life. And he realized it when he was curt to you, which is why he had the guts to act nice and friendly after to remedy the situation.  ...
To have healthy friendships is to often set certain boundaries with other people in order to show love and respect to yourself.   My roommate is currently in the middle of a very similar situation...
9 3/4
It depends on the ISFJ. A good way is to figure out what they like and go from there. It's not often the ISFJ gets attention during conversations, so directing it about them makes them more likely to...
To add onto   Stelliferous's post, in normal environments, inferior Ne would have little patience or automatically dismiss what-ifs possibilities, as bolded by you. Inferior Ne is tapped into when...
All I got from this thread is that ESFJ steals from ISFJ who steals from INFJ. So who steals from ESFJ and who did INFJ steal from?
Find any cup in your near vicinity and describe it to us. Whatever comes to mind :D
When your boo buys you an XL pizza with quadruple cheese, a ton of meat stuff, and doesn't expect you to share.   True love is the tangible feeling towards another after the happy hormones are...
It's understandable because our dom function is Si, so it's rather difficult to reverse past memories that was engrained into us for many years. I remember wishing that my parents divorced and I told...
Pretty much this. June 2015 was when the US government officially recognized same-sex marriage in all states, shutting down any religious reasoning (plus within this period of time, religious...
Your dad sounds just like my own INTJ dad. He never did took responsibilities for his own personal faults, even when it was pointed out to him, but loved to point the finger at someone else,...
Excellent advice for ENTJs. They have a tendency to not take care of their personal well-being.   Retaining large quantities of urine over an extended period of time is pretty harmful to the body.
This video was super adorable!  @3:10 Your husband makes hilarious faces @7:40 Your children were all up in his space  Yasss for League of Legends. #TeamOrianna
Maybe his N/T isn't that strong as you mentioned, which is why you don't have much trouble with him.  Depending on his age and/or experiences, it's possible that his Fe was built upon, which...
Hmmm, based on this interaction, I don't think he's homophobic, as homophobic people usually have a distinct way to show their distaste for that lifestyle. I believe that he would be okay if you...
Have you seek health professionals to help with you the disorder? I would highly recommend it, as Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) is extremely helpful.   Awareness is the first step to healing....'"


5796: 'I would say that John from Homestuck is either an ISFJ or an ESFJ. Also pretty sure Jane from Homestuck is some kind of ISFJ as well when I really think about it.
I would say that John, Jake, and Karkat from Homestuck are likely to be ESFJ as would Ryujii Bon Suguro from Blue Exorcist could be. I also think it is likely that the Eagle Bomber from Bomberman...
ISFJ here who really likes drawing and doodles in class a lot.
According to your questionnaire responses, your attachment-related anxiety score is 4.83, on a scale ranging from 1 (low anxiety) to 7 (high anxiety). Your attachment-related avoidance score is 3.44,...
Well, I have really gotten obsessed with tumblr and certain series like Blue Exorcist/Ao no Exorcist (hell, I'm pretty obsessed with some of the characters such as Mephisto and Amaimon). Also really...
Hiro is INTP.   Tadashi comes off as INFJ.  GoGo had an ISTP vibe to be honest.  Honey Lemon is some kind of Ne-dom, probably ENTP.  Wasabi is INTP and probably a phobic 6.
TheMysteriousMrEnter (from Animated Atrocities) really comes off as an INTP, maybe INFP. Also probably some kind of type 5 or 6 core too now that I think about it.
https://33.media.tumblr.com/bd58ad63647a411c394e29985e06ed30/tumblr_n9kjxmBs151qfjqf7o1_500.gif  Mephisto Pheles from Blue Exorcist is BEST ENTP.  Mephisto is love, Mephisto is life~
Agreed! She definitely came off as ESFP to me.  Cronus, I would say is an unhealthy ESTP, probably either 3w4, 4w3, 7w6, or 7w8 sx/sp.
I don't see how Eridan is a type 2 at all. Always kinda came off as a 4 or 6 to me to be honest. Leaning towards a cp 6w5 if anything~
Social 1) Generally, I positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself. Though I may find it either overwhelming, because of my astute awareness of what lies...
John Egbert: ISFP~ Rose Lalonde: INTJ~ Dave Strider: ISTP or ESTP~ Jade Harley: ENFJ~ Karkat Vantas: ESFJ~ Aradia Megido: INFJ,  INTP, or ISTP. Kinda reminds me a bit of Amaimon from Blue...
Eridan was a INTJ 4w5-cp6w5-8w7 sx/so
I'm surprised nobody talked about Arthur or Amaimon yet...  I'm pretty sure Amaimon is an IXTP of some sort. And probably some kind of 583 or 584 trifix of some sort (pretty sure he has 5w4 and 8w9...
Blue Exorcist: Rin~ESFP cp 6w7-8w7-4w5 sx/sp Yukio~ IXFJ 1w9-6w5-3w2 so/sp Shiemi~ ISFJ or INFP 9w1-2w1-6w5 sp/so Mephisto~ ENTP or ENTJ 7w6-4w3-9w8 sx/so Amaimon~ IXTP 8w9-5w4-3w4 sx/sp or...
So, anyone wanna type Ao No Exorcist/Blue Exorcist characters~
Type 7 can't have a 4 wing. They can only have either 6 or 8 as a wing~
Which wing~
I relate to A the most and B the least~  I relate a lot more to 4w3 than I do to type 2 to be honest~
I relate more to ESFP or XSFP~
I also talk really loud~  People say I am bousterious and very expressive as well~
I am pretty sure I am an S type. Not sure if SJ or SP but I definitely talk fast and loud~
Steven Universe comes off as an ENFP.  Also, Shirbon/Bomberman from Bomberman Jetterz is also XNFP material. Onto Bomberman characters, I think Mujoe and Eagle Bomber from Bomberman Generation...
I can't see Elsa as a T, let alone a Ti-dom at all. Elsa, from what I remember exudes Fi, almost to the point of being an Fi-dom (IXFP). The song Let it go sounds like Elsa in inferior Te mode and...
Can you guys also help me with Enneagram too? I think my trifix is a 479 sx/sp, but not sure what the order is~
I can not see myself as a vegetarian to be honest... I like meat too much. I stay neutral on the meat industry to be honest.
Can someone help me figure out my type?  Here are some of my traits: ·         I have Aspergerx92s and I am rather socially awkward at times. ·         Ix92m rather spacey. Basically I space out A...
You know, I kinda see Elsa as an Fi-dom to be honest. Don't get me wrong, INFJ DOES sound like a possibility for her, but I thought that the song Let it Go! and the scenes for that, were when she...
The Hero: ESFP. Usually more value driven (Fi) ratehr than reason driven. ENFP and ESTP are also good possibilities.  The Lancer: INTJ or ISTJ. ESTJ or ENTJ is also pretty much likely.  The Smart...
Well, my fave book is pretty much A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess. I also really wanna see the movie okay. I also like Shakespeare's stuff if I get to perform it in class and act it out. :D ...
ESFP  tumblr Deviantart Fanfiction.Net YouTube Personality Cafe Google
suzy-the-chaos-lord.tumblr.com   Yes, this is my blog, but I am not sure if I am mistyping myself to be honest.
You know, I always wanted to try doing this thread you know, because, well, I tend to notice that some personalities tend to be more present on some sites compared to others... And considering that I...
I'd say Meenah is either an ESTP or ENTJ. POSSIBLY ESTJ but I see WAY more Se/Ni than I do Si/Ne~
I always saw Kurloz as an INXJ of some sort. He's kinda like Russia from Hetalia. Not sure if unhealthy INFJ or INTJ in an Ni-Fi loop (which is what Russia is (also, he's a 4w5-8w9-5w4 sx/sp))~
Self-preserving moves to Sexual  For example, the self preserving subtype considers a mate as an essential need to maintain and insure security. Therefore, when in search of a mate the...
Meenah is not an Fe dom. I'd say she's an ENTJ. Also, I'd say Mituna is an ESFP believe it or not to be honest~
Welp, my tumblr is appartently ISFP accoriding to Typealyzer, but I'm pretty sure I'm an EXXP type of some sort~
Besides ESFP, I'd say any Fe user unless infereior is pretty damn talkative. EXFJ's, EXTP's, IXFJ's, and ESFP are the most talkative from what I have experienced.
You know, I was MAYBE thinking Kankri might be an ENTP trying to come off as an EXFJ. He doesn't seem like an Fi/Te user at all in all honesty. His Fe is really immature and he DOES bend the rules at...
I see John as more of an Fi rather than Fe user as well. Now that I think about it, he's probably an ESFP or maybe even an ISFP.   What about the Beforus Trolls? I'm pretty sure the vast majority...
England isn't an ISFJ. He uses Ni/Se far more than Si/Ne, which either makes him an XNXJ or an XSXP. However, I can see why one would think he's a Ti/Fe user rather than a Te/Fi user. I'd say he's...
Yeah, I'm pretty sure Greece is INTP 5w4-9w1-4w5 sp/so. Did I get any of these accurate though?~
I'll do some more characters okay~  Austria~ INTJ 1w2-4w5-6w5 sp/so  Hungary~ ISFJ 8w9(integrating into 2)-2w1-6w7 sp/sx  Switzerland~ ISTJ (Strong Fi) 6w5(cp)-1w2-4w5 sp/sx (Like Romano, he's...
Anyone else wanna try typing Hetalia characters? My thoughts on they types~  Italy~ ENFJ (He comes off as an Fe-dom for sure, and he comes off as an Ni/Se user. I know he's not your stereotypical...
This is interesting. I do think that Dirk is likely an unhealthy ENTP but now that I think about it, he might be an unhealthy 7 with a cp 6 wing that is disintergrating into 1. Why I think he might...
Mordecai~ ISFP Rigby~ ESXP (Not sure if he has overdeveloped Fe or is an ESFP. I wanna say probably an ESTP but ESFP is also really likely) Muslceman~ Overly obnoxiously annoying ESTP High Five...
Dirk reeks of Ti/Fe, not Te/Fi. He MIGHT be an XSTP type of some sort but honestly, he gives me this XNTP vibe~
Am I the only one who thinks that Cronus might be an ESTJ? He does seem to have inferior Fi and yeah, I don't think he's N at all to be honest, as I don't see much Ni in him, just badly developed Ne....
For SP's in general, I would say maybe 468(in any order), especially for XSTP's would be likely.   ISTP: 458 459 468 478 358 378'"


5814: 'I eat really, really fast! lol
lol like for xmas id get him cologne, a big teddy bear, some nice chocolate, a big bag of candy and a card thats what i did one time and i go shopping and if i see any little random things he would...
I love giving gifts, and I'm the one who will give a big pile of things lol.  I love excuses to give things to people, i enjoy making things and have spent a lot of time making things for people, and...
2 hours is not far away lol, when I was in a long distance relationship he was on the opposite side of the country and i only saw him once every 3 or 4 months.  They work if you love each other and...
Same exact way for me!  I really hope so too... I will spoil the heck out of him he won't even know what to do with all that love lol I'm going to be a big barney and just hug hug hug.  I don't get...
whoops didn't mean to like that one sorry lol  Anyone who doesn't like us is just a crazy person!  How could you not want a big fuzzy hug?...
Those things are true.  My thing is that I don't like being alone and I'm scared that I'll end up alone.  Seeing everyone so far ahead makes me feel like I'm losing out and it scares me.  I've had a...
Don't worry I'm sure you're awesome! :laughing:
It's just that a majority of the people my age who I went to school with are married and/or have kids and I'm just kind of still where I'm at.  If I had a SO then I would feel fulfilled because...
As long as you don't hit your kids that's all that matters, it's good that you take it out on something else.  I bet since it's not them you're hitting and it doesn't happen that often they wouldn't...
Yeah I agree, I don't think it's solely based on environmental factors.  My mom, all of her sisters and my grandma are very similar to me from what I can tell and their dads weren't abusive.  My dad...
Yeah lol I've thought about it before too.  I've wondered if maybe I wasn't the only one with a parent like that, since there are a lot of reasons I can think of that it may contribute to the type of...
I do have emotional breakdowns sometimes, I don't get mad or break things, it's more of just getting really upset.  There have been sooo many times I've just dealt with a massive amount of stress and...
That's so stupid I'm sorry. :frustrating: I don't understand either, I don't get why people can't just be honest and upfront and they have to hide things or avoid being honest, especially if it's...
Haha I know :blushed:  I just enjoy making things for other people,  I will make myself nice meals, I enjoy cooking and I make myself good things like for a snack or lunch or something, but in the...
I'm usually not really hungry when I get up.  Usually I either don't eat or I have something really small, sometimes I'll make a whole bunch of stuff but it's usually if other people are with me to...
I'm at about 25 on the female side.   Angles Your score: 11 out of 20 Average score for men: 15.1 out of 20 Average score for women: 13.3 out of 20 0 - 12: You have more of a female brain....
Nope. :confused:
I like both but I'd have to say tea.
I listen to a really wide variety of music and I've noticed before too that most of it is males singing, some are female of course but I definitely listen to a whole lot more music with male singers.
Aw that's so nice!  More guys need to be like that.  And that's so sweet you bring gifts for your daughters too.  Don't worry, it will especially if you find a caring person.  It's possible lol...
haha those comics are so funny and so true.  I completely missed that post by Introvertigo, I always do that!  You say hi to someone a bunch of times because you want to acknowledge them but then...
That actually may work in your favor in the sense that ISFJs are the nurturers/caring ones, I know that being an ISFJ we're  very accepting of a lot of things and things like that aren't seen by us...
That's true too, and yeah I'd assume it would, most of the people I know in the military are very conservative, I can't really even think of many offhand who aren't, except for 2.  And they're...
OMG I totally forgot to even mention this, I completely forgot lol my mom has a friend who is in her early 40s, she's probably about 41 or 42, I can't remember which.  And her husband is in his mid...
Lol that's true, I know I look at early high school students even now when I'm in my early 20s and I feel like they're so much different.  I can't tell if it's that or if the people my age were the...
I know!  It's different once you're both out of high school and considered to be an adult, but 20+ years really is insane lol I was like WHOA she looks young for her age and my friend was like it's...
Haha I see lol well that's not old.  lol! and she's 4 or 5 years younger than my little sister.  My mom and stepdad are 12 years apart and her and my dad are only 1 year apart.  One of my old...
I doubt you're old!  How old are you?  And yeah I need to find a guy like that too.  All the guys in my town are all about party party party get with as many girls as I can and I hate that. ...
I know exactly what you mean lol same here
Ozziechick yes of course, good guys for everyone. :)  I think there should be an ISFJ island and we need a bunch of ISFJ guys on it.  That way there's no more being neglected in relationships and we...
I get all these d-bags asking me out lol it isn't fun!  If someone doesn't work out then I'm going to move to that ISFJ island I decided I would establish in that one thread, ASAP. I'll paddle out...
That's true lol I didn't even think of that usually I notice little things like that.  It's like the movie The number 23, and now I'm going to be looking for it everywhere! :confused: jk lol   Oh I...
I used to be good at writing when I was younger, I loved writing and I had an obsession with making books.  I did that constantly up through middle school, then when I got into high school I stopped...
Me too!  I get nervous now they think I spend all my time thinking about them and trying to gather information or something lol.  But I just have a really good memory.  And I remember details...
It took me a while to finally decide to reply to this topic, because I didn't want to speak poorly of anyone and feel like I'm being insulting, and I do know it's the individual person, not just...
That's crazy! :crazy: and all but one are 53%
Haha that guy has some funny videos, I found a funnier one I saw right after I had posted that.  That's probably what I got mixed up was Essex and Sussex.  I like it lol I wish people here spoke like...
LOL!:crazy:  That was what my break was like at work yesterday, and similar things have happened many times.  Well I'm glad it's not abnormal then, I was a little hesitant to say it but I was curious...
Ohhhh I see lol someone told me this guy's was essex, what is it?  I haven't been outside of my country unfortunately so I can't distinguish different dialects very well within countries, I can...
That stalkerish memory thing happens to me soo much!
This one may sound weird lol idk if other people are like this sometimes but  You know you're an ISFJ if you're at work on valentine's day and you're on your break, in the break room there is a...
oh really that's cool :)  nice! aahh I think the essex accent is soo nice I love it.  LOL this made my day! haha:crazy:
Awesome! Congrats lol I can't wait until I'm saying that someday  Yeah I know that's true and my cousin's birthday is on xmas eve and that's a big one lol  wow that's crazy lol I bet that's a...
I don't know anyone in real life lately who is really interested in personality types and curious about things like that like I have been, so for me the only way that I think I may know what some...
That is true Coustain.  That's why I like it lol I like extra reasons to show I care.     It's nice to know I'm not the only one either, it really makes me feel better lol less alone.  And yes it...
Welcome! It's always nice to see another ISFJ :happy:
I've never created a topic and I'm sorry in advance if this seems like a stupid one to make, (even over the internet I'm worried what others might think of me, and being embarassed) especially since...
Never! No man or woman left behind :)
Aww :( I'm so glad it's getting warmer.  I just want to be here during the summer and go somewhere on the other side of the world during the winter! :laughing:'"


5833: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QT9qM99l9Yk
http://www.deviantart.com/download/263846995/vintage_autumn_by_appledust-d4d35n7.png
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taTtjLAXRcI&feature=BFa
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohDDxCdm9Oo
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4y3odHM7y1qcmngio1_500.png
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dk1RwqUaAU  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQ9llZlvXT4&feature=related
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EG0Q3kR7_9c
http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/c100.0.403.403/p403x403/561932_447415091967037_670657945_n.jpg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lzil65Hb_w
http://data.whicdn.com/images/14259400/photography,couple,cute,retro,vintage,love-8a987f1d905080ac721bb5fcbcedaeff_h_large.jpg
Looking forward to my meeting with the board of health .  .  .  http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mavzi8Glja1rurv44.gif
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cy8duEIHEig
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lrnjmvHsxs1qc0231.gif
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsfIOlFbukc&playnext=1
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7M2xHyF_wh4
http://files.list.co.uk/images/2012/08/11/collision.jpg
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3dawstAMr1qcaw1o.gif  makes me laugh so much
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYA_8Dlza_0&feature=BFa
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m99thwDaPE1qa7854o1_500.jpg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwfggc0VOzM
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_K98mESF31XU/TLzd2RV5zGI/AAAAAAAAAZ0/YwdhYCsTsuI/s1600/dance,girl,run,vintage,woman-34ad295561de36f86c32a5505e4b9e99_h.jpg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJlz_JU-_2Y
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ly08bcqrLe1qjgx29o1_500.gif
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_llrdzsI5xR1qadf4jo1_500.gif
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNQ97P0rQk8
http://livinlovinmaid.files.wordpress.com/2010/09/vaccum-cleaner-golf.jpg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPpXRxLKxoA
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7gwj330qI1ru6l9no1_500.jpg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D77BsGkczTg
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9us828Y9K1rsw1yf.gif
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnx3lzPIZ6U
bubble
robe
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m73v9vXAlJ1ra6x4ko1_500.gif
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqlS6APjQag&feature=related
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9epavJeQQ1qi7q7zo1_500.gif
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8405wsatv1rows1to1_500.gif
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m76im6qNVq1rqsc5uo3_250.gif
http://i450.photobucket.com/albums/qq229/nofuckingnick/tumblr_lmnw45ZAoQ1qjmniro1_400.gif  http://29.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ln27fwZlU41qdxbcwo1_500.gif
noise
technician
drug
compact
lobby
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6xU96KLBL4
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6526lZUQ01qhvxeto1_500.gif
sausage
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9sinsgKsh1rda7txo1_500.gif
French
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9U1v01SGtGE&feature=BFa'"


5841: I don't want to give it away for anyone who didn't see the end.But wow!  Sir Malcolm does strike as having inferior fi ,running away from his loss and avoid dealing with his pain.In the end he...
That makes sense to me. I can be very organized about certain things. Things that matter to me or things I don' t want to lose track of.Other things are more of a struggle.
Yes I can be rather lazy and messy, in fact it's one of the reasons I rejected that I could be an Isfj for a long time.  The all or nothing thing is a problem too. I get overwhelmed sometimes even...
Revisiting this thread   Claire I almost sure is no Te dominate now.On the job I don't see much evidence of it. I'm also thinking of how she likes to get away from everyone at times. Something that...
It took me a long time to truly understand Fi vs Fe. I thought I judged everything by how I felt about it and that sounded like Fi to me. I don't just go along with crowd even I don't tell them how I...
Definitely read that on the inferior functions. The very least you will be able to eliminate some types. It helped me understand I didn't use inferior Te or Fe(that and talking to people who know me...
I would have to watch again to be see if that could be his type. I'm really looking forward to the new episodes.   ISFP would be more acting in the moment and the experience (Se) .Ni would be...
I'm sure it happens .They do share some functions.I finally had to cross of INFP and ISFP because Te isn't my inferior function.I have good use of Ne but it's also the function that can stress me...
I think many ISFJ's mistype as INFP. I did, also sometimes as ISFP. I see the Fi in me or at least I think there is  some recognizable Fi in me but I've always scored high on Fi and Fe. I think I...
I know what you mean I sometimes get into a thread and it gone off topic and it can be disappointing but happens and I can see how it happens. Hey maybe I learns something from it.
I know I got this thread off track. Kitty helped me with typing myself and we used a lot of Harry Potter comparisons.
I was another one that couldn't see myself as an Si dominate. For a long time I thought I was Fi dominate.I did however consider other types (INFJ,INTP,ISFP  among others)  I didn't fit many of the...
I'm surprised they didn't include others in their click more at the very least Luna and Neville.
Tess ? IXFP?  Isabel(Oceans 12) EXTJ?
Yeah I really liked her character. She was their friend but they didn't always hang out together. You could say the same for  Neville.
I relate to a lot of this  I don't do arts and crafts very well. I tried but at some point I figured out it wasn't my thing  Chick movies are not my favorite movie genre. Some I like a lot but...
I have read Luna was meant to be the anti -Hermione. Someone so opposite of Hermione but also highly intelligent .
No I figured that's how it would play out.Ginny had to end up with Harry.  Hermoine and Ron were a great opposites attract type of couple. I loved Ginny's tunnel vision about Harry compared to the...
Neville would be a likely 6 .I think he also would have a 9w1 for the body type. Actually he's interesting in that he is Gryffindor not Hufflepuff like Cedric or Tonks.It shows the various...
Oh that family . That has to have a affect on a person.  Yes I see Hermione typed different ways too. I don't see her as a 2 she is maybe a 1w2 but I think she has the 5 and 3 in her tritype . She...
I actually find Harry harder to type than the others. I see 8w9 for him and 9w8 .Also  2 and 6. I'm not sure the two works though and 6(6w7) works better for Ron.
Probably and 8w7 for Voldemont
That sounds right.She looks for acceptance but not in a good way.Immature as well.
That makes sense !She's out there! I wasn't all that sure  but I can see what you mean by the lower Te.
Yes I understand Fi can show their feelings that way .I wasn't sure if she had lower Fe. I never watched PP and I have only watched GA off and on for the last couple of seasons so I don't haven't...
Check,check and checkers!    Another thing is you search for just the right words and are frustrated when  you  can't find them and other types don't know why that's a big deal.
Draco was a bully but as time goes on you see where it comes from he's insecure.He says and does things for attention even negative attention.In the end he doesn't have the stomach to be truly evil...
Snape is a great complex character not all good or bad and rather sad.Lupin is great.  Umbridge is worse because in a way she's more realistic. We have all known an Umbridge ,probably more than...
Do you think Ethan is an INFP? I see what you mean about him being sentimental and being driven or open to ideas. I have questioned my original typing of Ethan.
The Prisoner of Azkaban and maybe the Order of the Phoenix . I love how quickly Luna and Harry become friends. I'm also very sentimental about the first movie The Sorcerer's Stone.   Favorite...
I know I can see it now. I always get caught up in the emotional part of a story. But oh is he ever a  Se user! But there I am focusing on the emotional scenes! Such a marshmellow.
I can relate to this caring so much it's overwhelming and you don't always know what to do or how to help. I actually think this makes me want to avoid people at times. Yet that Fe is there and I...
I think they wanted Eva Green badly that might have made a difference. I can understand why actors what to have some say or more say it is after all their name and face most identified with a...
Yes I need to watch more of her interviews.Trying to type people that way is still a challenge for me but it's good practice.
Yeah I was never much of a Bond fan until Daniel Craig. I like the other actors but the movies never held my interest until Daniel .Eva was by far the most intriguing Bond girl and her Angelique was...
That's very possible .Any condition could affect a personality .Imagine how being possessed would change it!  Eva Green is amazing! Her personality would be interesting to figure out.
Yes I think Vanessa's went from and ISTP to a probable INFJ .Her Fe shows more like her kindness to John Clare .She's less awkward with it.But I would say it's still lowkey not too flashy.
I'm not sure if Monica is ESFJ or ESTJ either. I sometimes have the problem with women whether they are dominate Fe or dominate Te.I don't normally have that same issue with men.It might be easier to...
I'm glad. I know you help others out too but it was good to have so  much to compare the types and functions. I had been doing it  but it was hard to narrow down the best sources. This made it easier...
Yes I do use the Ti but the Fe comes first the ISFJ fictional profiles helped a lot too.Figuring out which came first.   Well thank you for your patience .I enjoyed it a lot even when I couldn't...
I think it's a little of both the ideas and the emotions .I think I really push myself for the ideas. In theory it's good it's sometimes in practice it take more effort.But the idea other things are...
My score   Si-17 Se -5 Ni-6 Ne- 14 Ti-10 Te-8 Fi-7 Fe -17
It's very possible .My own personal experiences and impressions seems to come before everything else as I process information.If that is how it works than it's like it's my dominate function.
Yes I do that type of  Fe sharing. I don't even think of it as being all that emotive but maybe it's because it just comes naturally to me.   I wasn't sure about be an Si dominate because there are...
I had Si and Se confused for a long time.I think I was going by many of the stereotype I didn't realize how personal it is.I always make references to things that have happened or how it one thing...
I can panic too what's the worst that can happen and I usually come with the one that scares me the most.Maybe a coupl of others.   I see several possibilities most often when I'm trying to...
Thank you again I'm going to go through all of this it looks good. Yes I agree it's odd other people can see things in us we don't or we diminish are stronger qualities other people will  I pick up...
I know I don't know why it's so hard to figure out.  But you have been so helpful .I got it narrowed down.  My  gut instinct is ISFJ  but I'm going to do some more comparisons .I have  a hard time...
I can see how I use Si .I'm so aware of how things affect me physically. Too, hot or cold,hunger and thirst (makes me feel guilty when I think of anyone animal or human going without). I know when a...
I think it's either INTP or ISFJ  I need to read through this more thoroughly .I can relate to both in a way."


5842: 'I had a hard time choosing between self-confidence, self-esteem, healthy relationship, and maintaining a calm, peaceful mind. I went with self-confidence in the end.
I understand the humor part perfectly. I'll laugh and laugh at a man's dirty joke, and even join in, while the women around us are all saying, ewww! gross!. When I do find women that appreciate...
1. ISFJ  2. Both  3. Questions like these are why quizzes/tests don't yield accurate results. There's no black and white answer. Everything comes down to circumstances, and there's always room...
I see ENTP, too, and was just about to say this exact thing. I'm unsure as to why you posted a type me if you're so confident in your type? Just honestly curious.  I definitely don't see ISFJ in...
ISFJ  Loyal, kind, imaginative, hard-working, diplomatic Sarcasm Fear Wisdom
I was going to write my own response, but realized that you basically covered everything, haha! This is pretty spot on for me.   I'll add: I'm very bubbly, friendly and outgoing with friends and...
My answer is fairly simple, haha. I test ISFJ most of the time. Plus, after researching Si in depth, it seems more than obvious that it's my dominant function. It took me a while to realize that...
It really goes both ways for me. I love to spend time with people who can carry a conversation, since it really helps take the pressure off me to fill any silences. However, I love to talk. If I...
I pretty much always test as ISFJ, and many have typed  me ISFJ on here.  I don't exactly know why, but I can make a good guess. First, my inferior Te makes me want to believe that I am organized,...
I used to be really intolerant of them, until I had my own child. Now I understand them more, and I feel like I can interact with them more easily, so it's not quite as awkward. But I still can only...
I completely relate to this, and I don't think I ever consciously realized it until I read your post.
As a 9w1, I can't really argue this one. :D Unless I'm stressed, I am very friendly and I'm a people pleaser.   That being said, I wouldn't describe myself as a hippy, hipster, or really that...
The stress I feel when someone asks, what do you do for fun?   Uhhm. Well. I read. I... cross stitch. And... watch. things?  It always sounds so dull and boring, but man, I enjoy the shit out...
I always test ISFJ, but the functions of INFP/ISTJ always spoke to me, so I always assumed I was one of the two. I think I misunderstood Fe for a long time, and I was convinced that I was a Fi user...
Never intentionally. I may accidentally embarrass someone because I say something without thinking, but if I realize my mistake, I feel extremely guilty.
I think a lot of people forget that Fe isn't about emotions so much as it is about values, morals and decision-making. Here's a list of how I experience Fe in myself:  I avoid conflict by keeping...
These stereotypes are exactly what kept me from realizing I was an ISFJ for so long. Granted, I'm a people pleaser, a stay-at-home mom, and I forget to take care of myself. BUT... That doesn't define...
FDT Thank you. You've given me a lot to think about, and I've learned a few things. I appreciate your deductive reasoning in your second post. That helps me tremendously to understand your thought...
No offense at all! I know when I was trying to self-type, I would have read your post and said to myself that there was no way I was an ISFJ, because that's all so unlike me, and the post title is...
I think you pretty much nailed it. I struggle with low self-esteem, and I can be incredibly judgmental and critical of certain people. I don't like it, and the guilt happens sometimes right in the...
On the contrary, I've succeeded in being rude to people plenty of times. But I always feel incredibly guilty afterwards and wish I could take it all back.  Also, my ability to remember exactly...
I have a tendency to be very shy at times, especially if I'm out of my comfort zone. If I'm in a new place meeting new people, I am very quite and will generally wait to have someone address me...
I posted my first Type Me thread months ago, back when this was all brand new to me and I didn't understand a thing I was talking about. So, here we go again, this time with the Entropic...
I decided today to move my home office into another room of the house. Not for any logical reason. I'm just excited about the change. My husband's annoyed with me because he doesn't understand why I...
I'm seconding ISFJ/INFP. I mistyped as ISFJ for a looooong time.
I see INFJ tendencies, too, especially this:    But the rest of it screams INFP to me, especially:
The cognitive functions, as mizz said, are really the key. I am an INFP who has more balance in my cognitive functions. It's clear that my driving/preferred functions line up with INFP, but I also...
Husband: ESTP Mom: ISFJ Dad: ISTJ Sisters (different father): ISFJ & INFP I think. I didn't grow up with them, so this is really just a rough guess. Closest friends: 2 ISFJs  I've just realized...
I'm married to an ESTP, so this is literally my life. On one hand, I feel safe and protected around him, and I trust him more than anyone else, but on the other... I feel small, insignificant, and...
You sound A LOT like me (scarily so), and I'm an INFP. So take from that what you will, lol. :wink:
I get INFP or ISFP from you, too. Those are both Fi dominant types, and it seems like you have a developed Fe, which may be the reason for your confusion. You are probably driven by your internal...
I can't people pretty much any day. I have spouts of confidence and energy, and I feel like I can take on the world. But when those spouts are over, I always dive into reclusiveness and fear of the...
Alright, so I'm a 6w5 INFP, so I look/act a lot like ISFJ, but the functions of INFP are 100% all me. So keep that in mind, I guess.  1. I am a rule follower by nature. I will break rules if given...
No worries. Humans will always be human, and reading your responses to each other is somewhat helpful, regardless of my initial drive to avoid the conflict and keep scrolling. :wink:
I think you're right, here. This is what I believe causes me to be quite gullible, because I definitely am.  Ne/Ni is a little confusing for me. I feel like Ni is more of a big picture way of...
Probably even down to me needing to be told that, even when it's probably fairly obvious, right? :wink: The more research I do, the more I agree with you here.
I will say, it's definitely more difficult for me to see the overall purpose past my emotions in person. In the heat of the moment I tend to be more explosive, but only with those I'm closest to (so...
That's very insightful, and I recognize those patterns in my learning process. It's hard to really see the difference between what I want to believe is true about myself, and what actually is.
It started off that way, before I really knew what you were getting at. My immediate reaction was to get defensive, probably due to the wording. I think when people approach me as though I'm not...
I appreciate the insight from both of you. :happy: I see what you're saying... It's easy to take people's word as gospel when I'm so new to the subject. As I stated before, I have lots of learning to...
This is where I get super confused, because Fried Eggz argued many of the points made in that post, and had very valid reasoning behind it. I'm afraid I'll never understand the functions at this...
By all means, I'd appreciate your input. I came to this forum for help from people who might have a better understanding of typology than I do. Not trying to offend, but this type of response is very...
No need for apologies! I didn't take it harshly at all, which is actually uncommon for me. :wink: I admittedly need much more knowledge in the cognitive functions before I can truly self type myself,...
The more research I do, the more strongly I feel that Ne couldn't possibly be my inferior function, and that it makes much more sense for Te to be. I don't identify much with Ti. I just don't think...
Interesting! I'll have to look into this. My understanding of the functions is so immature, so I'd love to hear what makes you think I am Se and not Ne. From the research I've done today, I see Ne in...
I definitely don't think I'm ever convinced that life will be exactly what I imagined. I dream for the fun of it, rather than to plan things out with any expectation. Obviously, the dreaming can be...
Exactly. I plan which grocery store I'll shop at, I find the best neighborhoods, I'll look at homes for rent (even if we're not moving for months, lol)... I get so caught up in the daydream and it's...
Another thing to add is in regards to Ni/Ne. I jump from hobby to hobby, interest to interest, but have a small set of hobbies that I've never strayed from. Anytime my husband gets word of a new...
That's the first thing that put INFP on my radar, haha! Gosh, I relate to it so much... The only thing that I didn't agree with is being a master of self-care. I don't sit around eating junk food all...
I may be completely off, but from the research I've done today, is INFP a possibility for me?'"


5923: 'After watching tons of her interviews, I feel almost sure she is ISFP. If not, 2nd place would be INFP but that just didn't seem quite right...I saw Se, not Ne.
Yes... I can be lazy at times and definitely procrastinate. However, when I DO start working on something, I see it to the end. I have bursts of inspiration and energy as I believe someone else said....
I'd like to say I'm good at telling jokes because people generally do laugh. Sometimes I think they find the way in which I present the joke funnier than the actual joke. Also, when they can tell I...
I'm also known as the funniest in my family. I'm the only ISFJ and also the middle child. Humor usually comes naturally for me and many times I'm not even trying to be funny, but people still laugh?...
I adore the song 'New Shoes' by Paulo Nutini. Check it out. Always puts me in a good mood:)
How does an ISFJ act when they are...  grumpy? annoyed? sad? depressed? tired? embarrassed? angry?
Most definitely. :)
I would like to think the whole - getting bored/annoyed with people that dominate the conversation and make it all about them - is just a courtesy thing that many personalities would have a problem...
People that bore me...hmmm - people that aren't willing to try new things and whenever you talk to them they never have anything new to say - they just go on and on about their one interest and it...
I wish I could pick more than one type because there are many - ENFP, INFP, ISFJ, ISTJ... Like many others have said, I enjoy being around most types. If I had to pick my top ones though, they would...
I would say definitely! I think it's that second function of ours Fe, which is pretty strong, that makes it that way. We have a big desire to connect with others.
I wouldn't say that is out of the ordinary at all...for ISFJs. Ha believe it or not, last year, I wrote down good things that happened to me throughout the year and I would put slips of paper in a...
Like earthtopaige. I have an ESFJ mom and ISTJ dad. I don't really feel like my mom understands me very well, we're very different. I think it's that extroverted feeling of hers that is at the helm...
what did u find most difficult in school?  I hated feeling held back. The slow pace of school and all the time wasted. I didn't like how teachers played favorites, this was very obvious to me. I...
I don't know if this is an ENFJ tendency or not, but please let me know. I have an ENFJ friend who takes the smallest of things personally, out of context, jumps to conclusions, etc. She also jokes...
I think we are under-credited for our overall ability to do just about anything we set our minds to. I really mean that. It's crazy cool because so many people out there limit themselves or really...
So I just want to take a moment to appreciate ISTJs! I have an ISTJ in my life that I am very close to, I appreciate many things about him, but a main one being his ability to just turn caring about...
Okay, first of all, ISFJs aren't really going to spend a lot of time around people they don't care about or don't love.   I can almost tell you without a doubt that her saying I'll always be there...
Ha...I like this thread. ISFJs stubborn? Ha yes... YES.   However, it is only about certain things. I wouldn't call it a consistent quality throughout everything at least for myself. I admit, I can...
Asking an ISFJ what their favorite movie is, is like asking a fish to walk on dry land.. haha. Well, there are so many but if it hasn't already been mentioned, 'A Walk to Remember':)
793 - The Ambassador
Yes! I love to journal. My journals work as a place to vent in order to get weights off of my chest, understand myself better. Sometimes I use them to work out internal problems, or external problems...
Yeah, I noticed the functions and why they were arriving at the answers as well. What I meant by well-rounded was from the standpoint of giving a better understanding of the object to the listener -...
How would you define love? Love is what life is all about. From my point of view, everything should be done out of love for others and love for God. Love is acceptance, devotion, kindness, trust,...
I thought it was all well said but you hit the nail on the head with this part.
Be introspective and open to changing for the better.
Yes!!!! Yes! (from the hilltops) You made some great points in your whole post but I really liked how you wrapped it up. I think this is one thing this thread has been trying to get at the whole time...
It seems that an ISFJ can truly blossom when they have gained confidence in their own skin. It opens up so many doors. But it does happen in baby steps. The transformation is amazing when it happens....
Slowly starve here and there... haha
Thanks for your response! By this I just meant - do your close friends provide these things for you? If so, how? Also, are these things a need of yours in a close friendship?    YES! I definitely...
Kristi Yamaguchi, Kirsten Dunst, Kate Middleton, Michael Cane, Halle Berry, Christopher Walken, Jimmy Stewart
Hello everyone:) I have been trying to catch up on reading all that has been posted, so that is why you haven't heard from me in awhile. This thread has been very interesting for me and I too am glad...
What if you're just imagining there is a half a pizza there? What if you took a bite and then became cursed?:0 And then...you had to eat pizza the rest of your life because a your fridge turned into...
I actually have noticed this about myself and sometimes felt weird about it, now knowing how to stop... however I don't really think it is something I need to stop. I even sometimes worry about how I...
I agree with what you are saying here - I think you make some valid points. Much of this has already been mentioned in the thread, especially in a lot of Teddy's posts. I think it will give you a...
Yeah I definitely think it is good to be straight forward in asking an ISFJ if they like or do not like something because they are going to be less likely to just say it because they don't like...
YES! I can definitely relate to this. I think it all depends on how much I really see the need to voice my opinion about something or how serious the subject is to me. If it's something that I really...
Also a few more that I meant to include that are probably some of the most important I would ever like to hear:  I admire that you stand by what you believe regardless of what others may say. You...
Yeah I agree with several things mentioned so far.   I do like compliments, but as it has been said, they have to be genuine and I would much prefer a compliment about who am as opposed to what I...
Hello ENFPs!:)  It being New Years, I find it interesting how different types deal with New Years Resolutions.  So, what kinds of New Years Resolutions do you ENFPs make, or do you make any? ...
Happy New Year INFJs!  What kinds of New Years resolutions does an INFJ make?
Thanks for your reply!  Why do you think it works so well? What negatives are there?
I've been doing some thinking about the whole surface vs. deep thing. The longer I've been on PerC (which hasn't been long), the more I've noticed in various threads the contrast between how Ss view...
It's possible we would clash a bit. lol. What brings up this thought?:) Do you want to be an ENTP?
Did you mean ISFJ?
User Name Tritype Instinctual Subtype   stephiphi 2w1, 6w5, ? sp
This makes sense.    Cool:)     Good deal, I think it's definitely good to just have time to figure things out!
Your dad seems really picky and doesn't sound like a stereotypical ISFJ. So I could list several kinds of gifts that I like to receive but I don't think they would apply to your dad because we seem...
I would have to agree with you when it comes to INFP vs. ESFJ in dealing with conflict. I have an ESFJ mother and conflict is terrible with her.   I actually can relate to everything you said. It...
I see the similarities in that both types can get emotionally attached to things, but they deal with it differently (at least me and you). I see it as kind of a reverse in this instance...in your...'"


