29: 'They paint without numbers
I'd guess at istp too
My best bud is ESFP, very funny, entertaining and a big softy. He can be draining, yapping away at everything, and often it's a one way conversation with him, yap yap yap lol. Would not be good to be...
I used to smoke weed alot, everyday from morning till night for 3/4 years. It screwed my head up even when I stopped smoking it for good. I call it a head f*ck up. I went to docs then was passed onto...
Jimi Hendrix - The Wind Cries Mary.  After all the jacks are in their boxes And the clowns have all gone to  bed You can hear happiness staggering on down the street ( My favorite line )...
Gardening/Landscape designer or environmental conservation. Great practical work, very hands on, varied, rewarding and enjoyable.
I loved This is England, Lol's a great character! 10/10 :D
.
Cogs
infpaul haha.. erm cheers!
namiki Well I reckon she trust you enough in private to share her inamost thoughts and opinions. I think the inconsistantcy in how she reacts to people who she's been slating,  is more to do with...
Liontiger Thanks for your input although I'm not seeking answers on the net or from anyone really. I know my own mind and life desires. I just wonderd if any other women were in the same boat and...
Sensitive enough to pick up on subtle cues. How I deal with them depends, it'll either crush me a little or I think ah bollocks. But yeah I'm sensitive to others.
@BooksandButterflies  You sound totally like a fellow isfp to me :) I'm around the same age as you, and I reckon it's the age of the tertinery function springy out on us..
Tick tock !
So are any of you considering this route ? I'm nearing upto to 36.. I'm single n got no kids..no potential partner as of yet.  Really would love to have a child/ren. Any of you's in same boat?...
So what you reckon ? Tim possibly one of you boys ? I'm guessing  Daisy ENFP Mike ISTP Brian INFP Marsha ESFJ Twist ENFJ Dwane INTJ Colin the dog ISFP lol
Prince Harry not flipping likey ! Those some say people tut tut to you.
A cartoonist for The Beano :)
Howdo ValK have fun ere ! :)
I'm just watching the morning weather report, gonna rain this afternoon
ISFJ Coz of yer 6w7
Moody, Bipolar energy traits, music loving loner.
Mind, Body and Soul :)
Edgy isfp
4/10 Looks like he's squating having a crap lol
http://youtu.be/lmsbHGEB6UU  Lissie ( deffo an isfp )  live at Brighton UK with the Kid Cudi cover... Pursuit of Happiness. Excellent :) Worth a gander !
Yeah I agree with all the posts above. Also I wouldn't want to lose the valuable close connection we have as friends when it all eventually goes tits up.
F orgiving I ntrospective V ivid E asy - going  W anderer O ptimistic R esourceful D impled ( Cheeky ) S implified life
I totally agree with all the posts, I'm very much like this. It's very selfish in some ways tho.
Not much if anything to go on for Little Cloud . Based on ya user name I'd say isfj
British realistic films, drama, pyschologigal, good comedy. Realistic films really, can't stand sci-fi
Yeah tis true. 'n well i'm abit like ya mum lol each to their own style eh
I'd be the one to clean up first and I'm isfp. I know an isfj really quite well 'n she is lovely but a right scruffy, dirty bugger, house a right tip.
Agree with jimmers, but I'm 35
I like the feeling when my gaff is all spick n span. I can relax more and enjoy my living space. I'm a clean 'n tidy person anyway 'n kinda like cleaning up cause of the end result.  Do a room by...
Depends on what caused the apology. Yeah they prob accepted it, but maybe see your actions and you in another light. Not much you can do about that if that's the case. Just try build up trust again,...
Opps a dasiey, sorry to be so harsh!  Had I known it was yourself I would have not said owt about ya 'tash. You rock the mush fluff ;). Revised score 7/10 for putting yer self out there !  All in...
N's conversations can go off on extreme tangents, can be hard to keep track with what they're on about . Bit tiring 'n frustrating at times.
Some dude with dodgy facial hair..no idea who he is.. I like the tree 'n if i was sat there, i'd use the rock to steady my pose too. 2/10
He he maybe soo ! Well with your patter you gotta be a yo- yoing ENTP ! :)
Your pic is soo istp !  alternative i'd guess for you is intj
1: What's your MBTI Type? ISFP  2: What's your Gender? female  3: Are you the eldest child, middle child, or youngest child? youngest child  4: How do you learn: Hands-on, seeing, or auditory?...
No not at all, no interest in computers, gadgets n the like.
You jumped wagon from isfp to infj.....
You can be whatever you want to be love ! Have ya cake, eat it then go for a dump.
infp.  Based on ya picture of king infp - Mr Cobain. Also ya user name is lyrical :)
Entp
Yeah i agree, hence why I apologised in the post above yours. I'm more of a donkey, eeeee-orrr
amatsuki Yeah I'm sorry reading it back now I was quite harsh. Hope I havn't offended you too much.'"


68: 'True, sadly not many have felt like participating in it:unsure:, it could be so helpful if more ISFP's felt like sharing their point of view :wink:
64114 Genova, Italia
10 characters
:laughing::laughing:...Hey one question, by any chance, can (privileges which come along with sparkly names) be transferred??? ...If so, will you befriend me??? You deserved the extra glitter you...
...How come does your name looks sparkly-er than anybody else's??? Did someone add extra glitter to it? It does look lovely indeed, congratulations you Robot!!!:kitteh:
60019 Enzo-doglet posing for the camera made me smile today...
Oh speeding is a magnificent experience that cant be beat...:laughing: !! But I am careful not to do it on very busy roads:frustrating:. Still the whole experience of driving is amazing, specially...
You have no idea what you are getting into girl ...:laughing:!! This book will truly blow your mind away :shocked::proud:
I found the link to the downloading of the book: Louis Berman, MD: The Glands Regulating Personality , fascinating research this man did, I cant put it down, thanks!! (I will look for the second one...
:laughing::laughing::laughing:...! Just try not getting distracted (today) by any glittering objects and you shall do just fine in your test:tongue:
:laughing: Why do you find this thread scary...?? You are a T, a letter away from us ISFP's, are you a lot more focused when driving?
I will let you know once I have gotten into it, it's great your interest has been aroused:laughing:  dfoster seems to know quite a lot about it,  I was pleasantly surprised at that! ...(wish there...
That's right, there is a lot more than meets the eye with this typology system and its worth exploring in more depth. When I found Susan Zannos book I simply couldn't put it down. The very exciting...
http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/PersonalityCafe/misc/quote_icon.png Originally Posted by dfoster http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/PersonalityCafe/buttons/viewpost-right.png  ...
I read Susan Zannos book  Human Types: Essence and the Enneagram  several years ago, definitely worth reading. Thanks for sharing, too bad very few people seem to know about this Enneagram...
58755
Psychology- reading- writing- sculpting- photography- drawing-  eastern philosophy- jewelry design- films- hiking- nutrition-  cooking-  sewing- gardening- yoga- meditation- musing...
I saw your video it is both witty and funny:laughing:, thanks for sharing:kitteh:!
I think 'J' types can certainly help us Perceivers put 'our feet on the ground', I believe most of my relationships have been with J types, I admire them greatly, -but I still wouldn't want to be one...
-(Darn how can I delete a message which I might have posted twice by accidenthttp://personalitycafe.com/images/smilies/1/frustrating.gif is that a privilege reserved for the VIP members?)
Even when I prefer Introverts, I can relate both to Introverts and Extroverts.  I enjoy SP types, they are very easy for me to get along with.  Between Perceivers over Judgers I find P's more...
Very pretty indeed :kitteh:  ...Are you an ISFP? You remind me a lot of an INFP friend that I have...
-
It is the E.M.P. The Experience Music Project, in Seattle I love that building:kitteh:!!
57768  I like your photo cityofcircuits, do you recognize where was this photo taken in my beloved Seattle...?
There is nothing wrong in being called a 'weirdo', being unusual or uncommon is never boring:kitteh: :wink:
Very nice and cozy apartment, nice details, I love the lamp behind the chair, cool lighting...
Baby calves in Italy...  55501
Sounds good, lets PM then...
I looked at her features carefully and it looks just like her-I am almost certain it is Maria Felix in the photo. She was a very famous 'diva'. I couldnt find the same photo either. If it is she, and...
I am pretty certain she is Maria Felix what do you think @cityofcircuits ? 5544255443
They are both pretty nice images, the one on the left looks like some paint works from Mexico done on Amate paper (which is rare now since it is the bark of a three). Is that the black and white...
It actually takes more effort than money... A lot of the things I have decorated my apt with, I bought at garage sales. I simply altered/refurbished them... It is fun. Being surrounded by beautiful...
So @firedell did actually make and uploaded a video which she deleted a few days after uploading it??:laughing:... Mmmmm that sounds so familiar! I can be impulsive and eventually I have regretted...
From personal experience I don't find that strange at all... I have a passion for art and I love minimalism as well; so I live in a two bedroom apartment, I keep my bedroom nicely decorated with...
It is a great image, I am sure you will accomplish that if you have such love for photography... I will reply 2u in more length in a private message or reply in visitor's messages:wink:
It is a drawing from 1927 (4 years before his death) but it is simply breathtaking, I know I was very very lucky:laughing:
Yes once I start obsessing about something I love it is difficult to think of anything else and devour it and must find everything about it, the 5ness kicks in frequently for this matters:laughing:!...
You were very lucky to have found a great photograph for 15 dlls, specially if you love it!! Yes can actually see some of his works online, his name is Philip Leslie Hale who died in 1931,...
Yes, definitely! I have been obsessing for the last 3 hours doing research on the artist who created the piece of artwork that I bought at the Public Library Christmas sale today. I obsess about...
Buying a beautiful piece of artwork at the Public Library Christmas sale, and finding out later that the artist is being auctioned at Christie's made me smile today... It was actually more of a grin...
I actually LOVE driving and I have a pretty good sense of direction, I usually know where I am going...The problem is that I get  distracted visually and that makes it unsafe for me to drive:laughing:
Right, as @Mitsuko said it, if you were able to get her phone# you might have a good chance with this girl. She could be taking her time, from experience, I do not rush into anything. Have you...
:laughing: that might be the ONLY way to get some ISFP´s to show something of themselves recorded, it would be interesting if that could be accomplished though...:proud:
Yes it has crossed my mind making a video but I dont think it will ever happen though, due to shyness and being somewhat self conscious..:unsure: if you add to that the fact that I am not an...
This is almost freaky... I totally relate to what you are saying, it is as if you had extracted those words out of my mind...:shocked::laughing:  I am not alone in this world, Yeeeey...:tongue:!
It is amazing, so it seems like not being very articulate is a trait among many ISFP´s. I had no clue of that, I feel somewhat relieved- that I am not the only one:laughing:.. I have never been very...
I scored 61% which is described as a Borderline Introvert. Which makes total sense, since I do not have difficulty interacting with others, it is simply that I might choose not to (the majority of...
I personally LOVE being an introvert. It has always puzzled me why Introversion has such a negative connotation, I have always found that very strange. I love relating to introverts, I prefer them...
I do relate to every single comment I have been reading from fellow ISFP´s. Alone time is a NEED, I cant have enough of it. I have traveled and lived in several countries on my own and I loved every...'"


94: 1: Make all the money that goes to unnecessary shit like war and capitalism be re-directed into the health care system. 2: Change food, people should buy local. With all the energy spent to make...
I love this scenario!  Ok so first things first, I'm going to buy a private jet. That's 50 mil right there. I'm going to learn how to fly it too. And get some super visa that means I can travel...
Aye!  I love being around people, and I get lonely quickly. I'm good at meeting new people and I enjoy social situations. So why am I an introvert you ask? I feel more comfortable with an even...
Left     48% Right   52%  My Left Brain Percentages   53%Linear (Your most dominant characteristic)   40%Verbal   27%Sequential   27%Reality-based   21%Logical   0%Symbolic (Your least...
I don't think you can really give someone self confidence.  Check out this article...  10 Ways to Instantly Build Self Confidence | PickTheBrain | Motivation and Self Improvement  Maybe you...
HAHAHAhahahahaha that's soooo entertaining!!!  I'm a people watcher, so the stuff that entertains me is seeing someone really quirky.  Like one day I was walking through a reserve and this old as...
Professional world traveler? My dream job!
Cool! I would love to get a pet! But it says I need 100 points. How do I get points and how do I see how many points I have?
So you have a different type inside and outside? Ok, and perhaps you have a split personality too? Just sayin' is all...  I had a hard time also determining between extrovert and introvert....
Welcome ^_^
Welcome Emma!  I sincerely hope what you discover here helps you as much as online forums have helped me. What's your favorite fast food? Do you like duck? Everybody likes duck.
I think firedell hit the nail on the head there. I wouldn't want to get to close to someone I probably would never see again. Long Distance relationships suck. Especially if you really felt magic I'd...
Yeah of course 360. What do I live under a rock? Haha. Sure what's your gamer tag? Mine is 'The Action Ash'  I'm not online atm because of traveling but I will be eventually, which is when I will...
Do you mean in person or on the internet? I'm coming to Chicago in August. That's close to you.
Introducing... The Action Ash!  She loves music and concerts.  She drinks beer and plays xbox. She's 22 and traveling the world, working as a nanny to fund her overseas experience.  Enough of...
IndyAnnaJoan AWESOME video! Perfect for this thread. Thanks for sharing. ^_^
Blood - I did the mypersonality.info thing that you have in your sig, and I tried to put it in my sig but it didn't work. Any advice for me please? *batts an eyelash*
When I have negative feelings I think about the issue. Usually it's some horrible person being unreasonable and acting immature whilst failing to see logic. If this is the case I take a deep breath...
1: Green  I think this relates more to my star sign as an Taurus-Earth-Snake than to my MB as an ISFP.  Oh and I like nature. There's a lot of green in nature. Hehe.
My definition of bad boy: wears leather jacket, rides motorcycle, likes rock music, drinks, does drugs, smokes, and is aggressive. Am I attracted to him? Sexually yes. Would I want a relationship...
Are ISFP less sexually permissive? No.  Are ISFP very monogamous?  Yes! If I wanted to cheat on a partner, I would break up with them, then perhaps stay FWBs.  What are ISFP 's views on one...
Appreciate the little things I do for you. Kiss me on the cheek sometimes. Laugh at me when I'm laughing at myself. Be a goof with me.  Help me when I need you. If I'm being stubborn leave me...
I just realized it is bed time and I'm hungry. I hate it when this happens. It's so lame. I don't want to eat something now because then it will take ages to go to sleep but if I go to bed hungry...
I have major conflicts with Js - we can't agree because we think so differently about people?
It's hard to answer this because I've only fallen in love a few times, and usually it always starts with obsession.   I'll totally be obsessed with him, want to be with him all the time and want to...
I'm currently an Au pair, I just took the job for something to do. Then I discovered I'm really good at working with kids and I have fun doing the job. I also like it because it means I get to be...
My dream careers are photographer, musician or designer. Something that allows me to be creative. But I love being outside as well, which is why I'm working with children at the moment, it's not my...
I like rock music primarily. I also enjoy listening to pop, classical, rap and a little metal. But overall I like mainstream music from these genres. Some of my favorites are...  Rock: Korn,...
Wow I guess people do actually read these things. Thanks everyone!
I've been struggling with this for a while too. I finally decided on ISFP, because I spend more time admiring what I see and people watching than day dreaming.
Once upon a time a young girl told a child a story. The child remembered the story for the rest of her life.  Must have been a pretty good story huh.  Hi. I am Ash. I found personality cafe after...
I'm pretty geek. Geek about movies, video games, reading, musical equipment and bands.   I think there are probably more SJ geeks out there because they would have stronger opinions than SPs.   ...
I'm a night owl. It doesn't matter how much sleep I've had - I always feel crappy for the first couple of hours in the morning.   I had a job that I was working 5pm-4am and I loved it. I had a job...
I had a similar situation. I moved out of home and now that I'm free to live my life I feel empowered.  The most important thing to have is hope. You're not going to spend your life living with her,..."


141: 'ponyjoyride Thankyou, Im not sure how I shoudl say it, but i almost made nf land seem like heaven XD ill remember to put good and bad people in there
How does your desire to make others lives better err...manifest?
Like the title says, im making a game where this girl gets a magic music score that transports her to another world full of nfs. The specific place will be either a town or kingdom (like in the...
Dangit you people should stop being smart AND not socially awkward. I guess you make up for it by being incredibly disorganised and terrible at finishing things.
Thanks for all the replies, guys. If you know all these flaws about people, how do you choose who to be friends with? I can't imagine being friends with someone who'd just know my bad qualities (we...
Intps because inferior Fe, and introverts tend to have less practice at socialising. Also, ne and ti often make a person hard to talk to imo (for sensors) and their interests are unusual. Of course,...
QUESTIONNAIRE ONE 1. Click on this link: Flickr: Explore! Look at the random photo for about 30 seconds. Copy and paste it here, and write about your impression of it. 331378 I liked the way the...
Most: infj, isfj, enfj Least: estp, istp
According to various infj descriptions, infjs have uncanny insight into people and understand them better than they can. Can you explain how you do this, and why other types may not have this...
*cringe* I was so convinced id gotten it right with xnfp. Only now do I realise my strengths lie in Se stuff. Heck, I don't even know if I'm isfp, but the only othe option is esfp,
I really don't think I have Fe...when I answered the questionnaire I was actually an unhealthy type and going through depression. Also, rejection has been a major theme throughout my life, and I'm...
Zee Bee sorry, what?
This was a long time ago, at the time I had a huge crush on this boy and decided to confess to him. I never showed it to him but... *shudder*   Dear xxxxx, I think you're awesome because you're...
Hmmm, I got infp, but I feel like I could be isfp. I do like typical Se activities - personal grooming, going out etc - but I'm also into intuitive pursuits. I don't know...the two are so similar and...
The Shark I don't know if what you said about being unacceptable is true...I thought that mbti was just about how your mind worked and not about behaviour (I'm not talking about actions, I mean your...
Er I'd say that genetics and circumstance is a factor, but a person's personality definitely matters. Overall, I think idealistic people are less happy because the world is so low, and the things...
The Shark to be honest, there are a lot more nf females than males, so it's easier for you guys to find girls with NF qualities. I also think that NF males are choosier than their female counterparts...
Most marriages I see end in divorce, and if they don't, it's only because the parents don't want to upset their kids. Even NF marriages don't last that much more than other marriages. They are such...
Bahaha  Raawx if you're reading this, I don't know what to say. I guess I'll just talk about what I hate? I hate the idea of hierarchies, the idea that someone or group is better than another. I...
Darn this thread is too popular :'( no chance of me getting typed. Waah
wums  I agree with part of what you're saying, but there are some parts that I think don't apply to me. I'm apparently a very annoying person to be around (socially awkward), so I think that my...
Im not an isfp, but isnt being offended just feeling some degree of hurt over something that has happened or been said? I believe that the more self-conscious someone is, the more easily they take...
wums sorry, I have an off-topic question. My brother has told me he hates 'stupid people', and that I'm not smart (this was in two separate occasions) repeatedly. Also, when I tell him about my...
wums mind= blown. You should be a therapist/counsellor... Nah I get that you weren't trying to offend me, it's cool.
wums Huh. Does it last with the intjs because they're can't be bothered to cheat? To me, they seem like very dispassionate people, the type to passionately propose in a fit of...obligation ._. ...
Ahah it kinda makes me wonder if there'll be a project for women to be more logical. I can't imagine the name of it, but I can see it happening.
Let's start a social revolution :')
I think I might agree with you. For a long time, I've had this idea that judgers are less likely to cheat than perceivers. Of course my idea is very judgemental as I haven't actually tested the...
Curiously, it appears that female Idealists are able to sustain the roman- ticism invested in a relationship longer than male Idealists. But for the male NF, anticipation can be more attractive than...
I do. I dislike items given to me by people who aren't in my good books and love gifts given by loved ones. The closer I feel to the person the item came from, the more attached I am to it. It is...
1- Ni doms 2 - Fe dom or aux 3 - i dunno 4 - Fi doms or ni doms 5 - ti doms or ni doms (infj less likely)  6 - si dom or aux 7 - se or ne dom 8 - te doms 9 - fi doms
I do wish I was less sensitive and needed people less. Does that count as thinking over feeling?  I don't know good ways to develop si and te, but I know a way: hang around xstjs, live with them and...
I like easy games that make me feel happy but have something special :) like socrates jones, pokemon, narrative flash games, ah i cant remember them all, but they've given me great joy
Is there a way to achieve  the energising effect of social interaction, but without having to talk to anyone?
aHumanRenaisance being weird even among other infjs, huh :laughing:
*in a debate* Other person: Your argument is invalid because x=y, therefore z. Me: ...you're wrong because ur face is ugly! *flees*
I think i can make an exception ;D go on, use 6 words.
I relate, but I blame it on my add and genetics. It seems like no one really enjoys my company, except for animals, and even then there are exceptions. It is depressing, but I guess this is nature's...
Ziggurat I've been around a lot of sensors and so I usually make small-talk about what's happening (not politics). I heard that intps really dont like ordinary talk and get bored by it so I'm...
If someone wanted to have a conversation with you, how should they approach it and what should they talk about?
Fe-doms for sure are friendly, and exfp are next up. It's really a matter of fe vs se vs ne, and I don't know enough to tell which would be considered the 'friendliest' function. Friendly as in warm?...
Bored
Dominant fe doesnt mean a person is insincere :happy:
Welcome!
Sheesh stop trying to rescue that baby when it's with its mum. Not everyone needs to be rescued.
Sure sure. Remember warren buffet? He created lots of moneys
Unhealthy Intj...theyre 3 smart 5 you.
Fi comes to bite them in the butt...I'm somewhat new to mbti theory. Can you explain what you mean by that? And yep I guess it does even out because we develop our functions more with age...
Holy mother f*** this is so cute! I love almost unreal love stories like these that actually have happened! This made me tear up and squeal like a little girl. Yay for necromancing posts up!
You know infps will always accept fellow infps :) although I don't really have a right to say that because I'm unsure of my infp-ness.'"


204: 'ok so i'm moving and my new housemate said i could drop off some boxes before the first of the month. she said i could move in slowly before the first, and i was appreciative. that was going to be a...
hey sad robot, i like your wallets!  how did you put the color on the duct tape? it doesn't look painted.
Sometimes stress has scrambled my thoughts, but I'm not sure it's because the thoughts were going too fast. It's more like not knowing if I decided or undecided to go with a line of thinking, or why....
I don't like mean people. And I don't like people who say one thing and do another
I like something that shows that you know me and care about me, and given in a private or personal setting. And I like the experience of having fun and being surprised.   I like flowers, clothes,...
When someone asks me to describe what happened, I can do that. But when someone asks me to explain why do I *think* it happened, I might be at a loss. It depends.  Let's say the event is simple,...
it's funny that you said rocket science. i'll sometimes deliberately look up NASA or space science news just to keep current or be excited. i like the photos too.  i play brain games and do...
i sing or hum in the shower. i come up with riffs or rhythms, or fun puns, but forget them by the time i towel off.  i like to be comfortable in the shower. i like to get the water temp just right,...
I love nature... morning sunlight slanting through trees; the warmth of sun on skin; afternoon breeze in my hair; seeing buildings, people and trees in low, orange light at the golden hour; the...
American society probably does. I haven't been to Asia, but people who've been there said Japan and some of her neighbors value introverts.
This made me laugh. I tell people I'm boring, too. And I go slow. I don't know what the rush is either.
Hmmm, this might not be relevant. I've been standing up for myself more, and it's stressful. And others don't react well. Just yesterday a friend changed her mind about renting me an apartment. I...
I have the feeling after i write something that i shouldn't be saying it, or that it doesn't make sense, or that it's useless and undesirable. i especially believed that after writing the jumble of...
Hi Sopris I really liked your post, it's not useless at all! I agree with what you said abt being inspired by nature or what someone else did. And I agree with you when you suggested maybe we can't...
I want to know that, too. Lately I've been standing up for myself more and it's unpleasant.      I like facts and reality. Mostly I make decisions based on how I feel, but I don't talk about it...
Thank you for posting this wonderful example. I would prolly marry the person who talked to me this way. It's perfect. It's fact-based, it's caring, and it suggests a solution but doesn't hammer you...
My sleeping can be erratic. I can sleep just a few hours without being crabby. If I'm awake in the middle of the night, I watch a movie or listen to music or do something entertaining. Or I might be...
ooops... batting cages, miniature golf places, go-kart tracks, games arcades... anything to do with tourism or leisure, or where there's lots of action, and customers are happy.
Movie theaters, yogurt shops and ice cream places all need more help in the summer.  Cafes, coffee shops, barbecue places hire more wait staff in summer depending on location & store hours.   Can...
I like it. Can you get a graphic where you put the two together, like alternating bands of various widths? I know the shades are so close already. But I kinda think it would be fun today.
OMG, that's how i would shoot those flowers too. :shocked: Beautiful.
I love how the light is popping through the middle of the flower.
I'm out of yellow! Usually I like to have a room painted yellow. I would love to have a yellow vehicle :cool:  Yellow stuff I have: candles picture frames some plates pajamas (actually it's...
In the past 5-6? years I've been involved in creating new cultural contributions where I live. This has to do with starting private groups, websites, and movements and helping define the original...
And if you put that combination together it looks suh weet!
1.) That's amazing, yellow is my favorite, too. Also like yellow drifting into orange and maybe even an occasional red.  2.) Blue or blue-becoming-violet is a nice complement to yellow. Or a blue...
Thank you wblack, that was a great list. Amazing how much I agree. Would you mind if I make it personal for me?  1. Chemistry, spark, the ingredient, the certain je ne sais quois. It's gotta be...
I don't write in cursive.
Hey Raindrops, I really like that camera umbrella on your signature photo!
Paint splatter. Like this one? It's by Jackson Pollack. http://www.nga.gov/feature/pollock/lm1024.jpg
Hi I just saw the piece that Raindrop uploaded. Thank you for sharing that!   I don't get it but I just like being excited or happy or delighted by art.  Now here's a painting by Stuart Davis....
I'm bad at directions too. :sad:
LOL, me too!   I think hate is a strong word. There are some things I'd like to improve about myself and I'm working on them:   --speak up about my contributions, ideas and abilities --don't let...
can relate to all of it except the 3B vs 2B pencil. i love handheld writing gear, but I don't draw.
YES! :happy:
yeah, but lately i've been questioning my integrity on outward agreement and inner disavowal. at times i've actually even felt some stress over it. so i've tried speaking up gently more often. it's a...
Are ISFP very monogamous?  I'm always monogamous... have never cheated, and I'm old! :cool:  What are ISFP 's views on one night stands? It's not my thing.  What do ISFPs look for in a...
Wow an ENFP who is cold... they are usually so warm. If he started warm and moved into chilliness that's not good... can you ask him what's going on?
Hi, ISFPs are not the greatest at doing routine procedures on time. Since you're on this forum you prolly know that :wink:  I agree with Mina, it's aweseom that yu care enough to research us! ...
Yes, ESFJs have really surprised me with early and public verbal gushing of emotions. It feels overwhelming and takes getting used to.   Sometimes I've tried asking them to speak to me privately in...
who doesn't luv those ESFPs? :laughing: but they can be exhausting.
hi i agree, i'm very P and i like to balance out with someone's J... if they're healthy and not controlling. And meeting an E is perfect cuz I like to listen and be inspired.  trying things out...
Hi, I really liked what Mina said.   I noticed you had an impulse to ask your employee why weren't my instructions being followed...   I think it might work better just to ask her what happened...
wow, yu reminded me of some great shows like Simpsons & Southpark & well the list goes on...
Hi, I just watched American Idol. I love that it's a contest and a spectacle about music. And the set design (lights and background) really appeals to me, too.   I mostly like comedies, currently...
That was super nice of you to post this. I like how the article had great examples of actual positive things to do. :happy:
other places they might be: jail, tattoo parlor, parachuting into forest fires...  :laughing:
Hi Laly, those ISTPs are out breaking and fixing their bikes and surfboards and whatnot. They like action with a hint of danger.  :wink:
Hi, i like your style. yes everybody needs fun people :happy:
Hiya inebriato, Gee, now that you said you wanted some... I actually want some diet Red Bull & I'm out. Another energy drink i like a lot is diet Rock Star... it tastes like cotton candy.   Y'know,...'"


241: I have a friend who is a type 7 but is chronically at unhealthy levels and disintegrating to type 1. Me and my friends thought he was a type 1 since he calls himself a perfectionist and keeps a tight...
When things get bottled up and stress levels rise, I get overwhelmed. I can't take it or do it. I have to over concentrate to get things done and get hypersensitive to the point where I snap....
I send you a cyber {{{{hug}}} I think you need one. Hang in there, you will get through this all and you are strong. Don't worry too much about this limerence thing. I personally think it is...
Making a necessary threat is quite arrogant in my opinion and I find it harmful. It is like feeling above the other and comes from a place of power instead of compassion. Now, I am not preaching...
I am sure you are a good person but that is what I dont like about ESTJ behavior, the lying. My friend does this too and I cannot understand this and never will. Why not just be honest instead of...
Love of my life is ESTJ. We are incredibly different but somehow the same in the middle somewhere. We no more have a relationship. There was huge attraction mutually.  A relationship with an ESFJ is...
He may be suffering with OCPD. (obsessive compulsive personality disorder) You may like to read upon it here and see if it fits him.  OCPD info and message board: Obsessive-Compulsive Personality...
I don't like Facebook. Too much forced interaction. I prefer sites like Linkedin which is a bit more reserved and distant in communication.
LOL It's my experience that their Fe comes out when drinking...devilish.
If I were in your situation what I would like best is to talk things through and get closure. Surpressing things would not work at all for me and I'd rather bring it in the open. So perhaps that we'd...
Just wondering. Is exploring information like say collecting information from the internet a SE function?
When somebody in the street passes by and catches your attention because you are inspired by the beautiful bright color of a coat and you would like to tell the person on the spot how much you like...
ESTJ  He is the love of my life and the most difficult man I know. We are so opposite. Hence the bond I guess. Albeit unspoken.  I generally get on best with feelers, IF or EF. There's a quick...
Me too, I am hardworking and quite perfectionistic. I love it when I am in the good energy action flow because if I don't work I will slow down and not get moved too much and will procastrinate. Like...
I do not think I come across at quiet. Usually my voice is quite straightforward but I would hate to think it would sound harsh.
Engage Processes in Tandem for Powerful Results Each of the cognitive processes can be used with its opposite in a tandem relationship (see page 20.) At first a process and its x93oppositex94 may feel...
I have read somewhere that when Se and Ni (2nd and 3rd) are well developed and work well together it's possible to be in touch with these so called premonitions or the ability of being pychic.
When I am under pressure of my inferior Te I have a lot of resentment and pent up anger going off on a rant. I am prone to snap more at the same time feeling numb. I sometimes feel if I am being...
OH definitely, it's just a soup. But the fact that maybe you worked so hard and made the soup perfect would never allow me to tell you it is bad cause I appreciate your effort above all.
Drea. Likewise. Neither can I comprehend it.  To not be affected. I think INFP/ISFP are TOTAL opposites of ESTJ's. And vice versa lol. Perhaps we are wayyyy over sensitive or perhaps my partner ESTJ...
LOL  I wouldn't tell you anyway that it was bad even when you asked me, saves you time to clean up and polish your rifles :laughing:
Wickedqueen, but I do understand what you are trying to say about the soup. It makes sense logically of course.  But how about if I came to dinner at your place and you made me soup. And then I...
ESTJ won't apologize just for the sake of validating someone's feelings. ESTJ will apologize when the fact said we are wrong.  MMMmm..I have a real hard time with this. Of course it is all...
Don't take offense to the sometimes stuff. We think out loud very often- its the E. If we are close to you, you can point out that we are being abrasive and we will reconsider how we are speaking. We...
My ESTJ is the love of my life. Yet, we are so different. It comes down that we basically want the same things in life. Some great traits: very dedicated and loyal to his work and hardworking,...
Gosh, I wish you were not so black and white. My love of my life is ESTJ but he can be so blunt and abrasive. Takes me sometimes a week to recover from. Totally dismissing my feelings. Ratonal and...
I am not hard to get to know as I am quite open. I believe ISFP is quite extraverted. I do well with action, it is how I tap into my energy. As for opening up to others I have no problem with it as...
Yes, I believe so. I have experienced premonitions myself. Personally I think maybe not as frequent as NP types which seem to be most common with psychic ability. (INFP and ENFP) I love this ability...
You know when yoú are ISFP when beautiful colors make you instantly happy. When mixing and matching and finding the right combinations together with how things feel in your own hands give you...
This Keys2 test was very coherent with what I have always come up with: ISFP I really like this test and love the lay out of it.
I thought about this for a while. Envy is a human emotion, we all have it.  But envy like comparing myself to others is something I actually never consciously do. It's more like observing others but...
Very interesting Lucky. I had actually never looked at it that way but now it makes sense. Thought provocing. Then ennea 4 is not in my trifix for sure. It's just that I wouldn't mind envy, it can be...
LOL Inebriato, I was more focuued on getting him. And indeed, jealousy is only a waste ot time then lol.
Interesting. Envy is one thing that is not a part of me, never was. I am not sure if envy is related to being a healthy person. (I am frequnetly not) I do have issues though but envy is not one of...
thanks Seekjess, I get very much what you are saying and yes that's how I think it is too in a way. It seems to me in this situation it was him that broke the trust. I would absolutely point the...
Yes, I have been thinking about that too. But as far as I can remember I have not let him down. I always tried to be open with him and then perhaps he could have taken that as negative feedback or...
Hi, I have a problem with an ISTJ friend and would like to get some help and gaining some understanding. We usually get along nicely but lately this has not been so and I am somewhat puzzled and...
Also I think ISTJ is a very good match when both healthy. I have many friends who are ISTJ's and I adore them. They fascinate me because it is so hard to figure them out. Gentle hearts with a...
My dear husband is ESTJ. We compliment each other very well, he keeps me grounded. He is very good with finances which I don't really care about much. And he cares about economy and financial news....
I am more at ease with intoverts. It's like I feel with extroverts like esfj's, their hearts are on their sleeves. It's too much for me. I like it when someone shows their love and kindness with...
I become very creative and love the world. I feel a sort of bliss and am thankful. I don't neccesarily have to spent every minute with the person. It's just that I feel fortunate somebody unlocked...
Just curious... I have read that type 6 with a five wing (6w5) is most common for ISTJ's , is this true?
Thanks a lot. Do you feel guilt after you lashed out irrationally especially when you have the other person in high regard? Is so, how do you cope with guilt and how does it manifest?
How about when you hurt somebody with word for these reasons? Would you apologize?"


244: 'I really didn't like Stannis on the show, especially not after agreeing to let Melisandre burn his own daughter at the fucking steak! Again, I don't think it was the actor's fault, but D&D's and the...
But as I was saying before, this show was made for an audience of strong Se-dom/aux users. However, as an ISFP, myself, I get highly irritated by the inconsistencies, the meaningless rape scenes...
Yeah, I agree. TV Robert Baratheon was a decent guy, just too obnoxious, and not all that bright.  Renly was sort of on the shallow side, but I didn't think he was an idiot. Just not the best ruler...
Oh, Robert annoyed me. He was kind of funny, but he was a loud, obnoxious, and brash idiotic ESTP. I liked his little brother, Renly Baratheon, though. The more that I think about it, he could have...
I almost forgot about Daario Naharis, Missandei, Khal Drogo, Visereys Targaryen, Grey Worm, Shae, Ros, and Prince Oberyon.   Daario Naharis: ESTP  Grey Worm: ISTP (Maybe...I'm not sure) ...
Yep, I'm in my junior/senior year of college now, and I've gotten better. However, I'll still feel a tendency to slack off and be lazy from time to time. I'm getting an English major with a music...
On the HBO TV series:  Jon Snow: ISFP  Arya Stark: ISFP  Sansa Stark: ISFJ  Brandon Bran Stark: ISTP
I'm almost halfway through with the first book, and I'm almost done watching the fourth season of the show. Here's what I think all of the main characters on the show are, though, since I'm not quite...
What kind of manipulation? Like motivational speech manipulative? I can do it on paper, but not in front of people. Like, Batman gambit manipulation where someone pulls one over on a group of people...
He does, which is exactly why I finally walked out on The Walking Dead midway through season seven. Glenn was the best character on the show for me, the last main one left with any room for character...
The thing is that I don't really see inferior Te in Michonne, and she doesn't really seem to have some sort of personal values system. She bonds quickly with Andrea, Rick, and Carl, which seems like...
I mean, I'm an ISFP, and I've cheated on exams in high school and college, and gotten away with it a few moments in the desperation of the moment on a few occasions, even though I knew that it was...
• Rick: ISTJ • Carl: ISTP • Glenn: INFJ • Maggie: ISTJ • Beth: ISFP • Hershel: ENFJ • Daryl: ISTP • Carol: A really hardened ISFJ • Michonne: ISFJ with PTSD • Lori: ISFJ
Peter Griffin: A really, really stupid ENFP  Lois Griffin: ESFJ Chris Griffin: A really dumb ISFP Meg Griffin: INFP Stewie Griffin: INTJ Brian Griffin: INTP Glen Quagmire: ESTP Cleveland...
I just want to get my English BA degree in college and get it over with ASAP with the best possible results. Can you give me advice? Also, my mom wonx92t pay for more than one extra semester, and shex92s...
I just want to get my English BA degree in college and get it over with ASAP with the best possible results. Can you give me advice? Also, my mom wonx92t pay for more than one extra semester, and...
I just want to get my English BA degree in college and get it over with ASAP with the best possible results. Can you give me advice? Also, my mom won't pay for more than one extra semester, and...
I'm an ISFP, and I love this show! It's hilarious how increasingly obnoxious and stupid Dennis, Dee, Mac, Charlie, and Frank get over the course of the series, and most of the recurring characters...
I didn't see the ASM or Homecoming reboots, but I did see the original trilogy with Tobey Maguire as Peter Parker/Spider-Man. I saw Honest Trailers for ASM on YouTube, and they seemed to pale in...
I grew up with the Tobey Maguire Spider-Man movies, and I loved them all. Yes, they were campy. Yeah, MJ was kind of a bitch. Yeah, the third one kind of character-assassinated Peter Parker, but the...
Usually most FJ men.
Tate Langdon-American Horror Story Kurt Hummel-Glee Harry Potter-Harry Potter series Princess Aurora-Sleeping Beauty Huck Finn-Huckleberry Finn Sally-Nightmare Before Christmas Luke...
Nope. It's always been my weakest academic subject. I'm an ISFP.
I'm an ISFP, and here's what I scored: Your scores are: Care 72.2% Fairness 80.6% Loyalty 38.9% Authority 58.3% Purity 83.3% Liberty 47.2%  Your strongest moral foundation is Purity.
ENFP. She sees a symbol of a whole world above for each thing in her collection (Ne-dom). She has a lot of values when it comes to her freedom of choice, finding love, and wanting to be a part of the...
ISFP True Neutral Your Characterx92s Alignment  Based on your answers to the quiz, your characterx92s most likely alignment is Neutral.  Neutral  A neutral character does what seems to be a good...
I loved watching that show!  Malcolm: INTP  Reese: ESTP Dewey: INFP Francis: ENFP Hal: ESFP Lois: ESTJ
Heathcliff: INTJ Catherine Earnshaw: ENFP Hindley Earnshaw: ESTP Hareton Earnshaw: ISFJ Edgar Linton: ESFJ Isabelle Linton: ISFP Cathy Linton: ENFP, just like her mom. Ellen Nelly Dean: ISFJ
Anne: ENFP Diana: ESFJ Gilbert: ISFJ in the books and in the 1980s and 2000s films. In the new Anne With an 'E' Netflix series, he is an ESTP, but otherwise he is generally portrayed as an ISFJ,...
I stopped watching after S5 because the writing just felt too god-awful for me to enjoy anymore, though I kept up with spoilers for Rumbelle. What I read about happening to them in 6A did not make me...
Well, really any type could be extraordinarily lazy, but I'd say ISFPs and ISTPS.
Anne: INFP or ENFP. It really depends on the version, but it's always one of those two. Diana: ESFJ Gilbert: ISFJ (in the new Anne With an 'E' Netflix series, he is an ESTP, but otherwise he is...
Belle seems like the INFP to me. She's big on her heroism, and can be idealistic to a fault (Fi-dom). Because the show's writing is shit, they had to go and turn everyone against Rumple, including...
Jane Eyre - INFP Mr. Edward Rochester - ENTJ, I could see unhealthy ENFJ, too because Jane constantly describes him as being deeply passionate and loving. However, he seems to exert control over...
I watched those, and I fell in love:  I think Anne (Megan Follows) is more ENFP than INFP. The Anne played by Amybeth Mcnulty in the Netflix series Anne With an 'E' seems like she could be INFP,...
My favorites have always been Rumple and Belle, and my main ship has always been Rumbelle. However, the blantant and shallow moral hypocrisy between Rumple and every other character turned me off...
Mostly straight. Sometimes, I'll feel compelled to look at other women and find them attractive, but I always regard the feelings with a sense of personal distaste and discomfort. I'm totally...
I actually really suck with the long descriptions of sensory details and personal feelings in my writing, unless I'm writing them down as they happen or as I'm feeling them in the moment, and even...
I actually really suck with the long descriptions of sensory details and personal feelings in my writing, unless I'm writing them down as they happen or as I'm feeling them in the moment, and even...
I'm an ISFP, and I can be pretty argumentative with my close family and friends, my grandparents act like I'm good at it, but I'm not. I just say things like, That's an injustice, or That's mean,...
I've always gotten ISFP, but I had a tendency to share things inappropriately with other people back in school when I was a kid and in my teens. Most of the time, I just tried to avoid the other...
SpongeBob Squarepants S1-S3 was a big part of my childhood. After that I grew up, the writing started to suck, and I stopped watching. Here are my guesses: SpongeBob: ESFJ Patrick: ISTP Squidward:...
I was born on 7/6/1995, so I'm a Lobster  The life of a person born under the sign of Lobster can be complex and emotional - but only on the inside. Like their animal namesake, members of this sign...
It really depends on how well I know the person. If it's a close family member or friend, I'll stick up for myself, and immediately call them out on whatever shit they've said or done to piss me off....
Same! I'm good at remembering facts all the time! Although, my memory's not good enough to remember my credit card number off the top of my head.
Yeah, I sound like ISFP.
SPOILER WARNING: Personally, I finally gave up on the show after 7A ended because I just couldn't get past Glenn's death on the show, Negan is the most boring one-note villain ever (the Governor was...
SpongeBob-ESFJ Patrick-ISTP  Squidward: I used to think INTJ, but maybe he's a depressed ISFP who's stuck in an Fi-Ni loop, and who hasn't properly developed his Se. Mr. Krabs: ESTJ Sandy: ESFP...
But yeah, he's a feeler, just not an Fe type because he has too little regard for the feelings of other people to be one. He's a psychopathic ISFP in a Fi-Ni loop that makes him often think that...
ISFP: Your Empathy Quotient score was 35 out of a possible 80. Scores above 30 are generally not indicitive of an Autism Spectrum disorder.  I really don't like the way that these test questions...'"


251: 'I am married to an ISTJ. We get on really well. While we are both rather introverted, he is more socially adept than me--which is helpful. I am so thankful because he is really good with the finances...
Yes, I relate to this a lot! I go to counseling, and sometimes I'll think, Man I talked way too much in there!--when of course, it's counseling! I'm paying the guy to sit and talk about my personal...
I loved this movie! It really had a great message that you need to be able to express your feelings. It's ok to feel sad, angry...I think so often it is easy to judge the emotions we're having....
Some of my favorite people to hang out with are ENFP's so I'm a little lost about what you're asking...I love academic topics! And I couldn't care less if someone doesn't align to a group's agenda....
I am terrible at decisions. I also don't really do structure in my life. There is definitely a flow and rhythm to my every day activities--like I'm not completely random and spontaneous--but if I try...
I really relate to this. I also hate to wait around while learning to do something. I just want to do it and learn as I go. I'm a very hands-on learner, but also love to read--like crazy. I have an...
You sound a lot like me :) I think sometimes, introversion and Fi can really come off like N, so it can be confusing for some people. And if you are a 9w1, they can seem dreamy and kind of...
My best and also favorite: Literature, art, music, mythology, psychology, geography, biology, geology, language (I did Spanish and German) my worst: math of all kinds :/, chemistry, astronomy (too...
I get it, as I thought I was an NF type for a long time, even coming out INFJ on the official MBTI. I think with some ISFP's, at least with me, I feel kind of daydreamy and ethereal but at the same...
I was crazy into my diary as a teen--it was a place to let out my teen angst...I have a little notebook now that I will occasionally write my ideas and thoughts in, but that occurs only once in a...
Wow, this is such a complicated question for me...I grew up in a conservative evangelical environment--my family, schooling...all conservative evangelical. Thankfully, my parents weren't very strict...
How do you view and handle theory?  If it is something I'm interested in, then I handle it well. If something gets too mathematical or technical, then I'm sunk.   How does your Fi work in contrast...
I love Miyazaki/Ghibli films, Lord of the Rings, Princess Bride, Star Wars, period dramas (Pride & Prejudice, Jane Eyre etc), Harry Potter, Disney/Pixar films, Prince of Egypt...there are probably...
I'm not sure if I act like another type, but if I get really stressed--and I mean, like pushed to the edge of my patience (usually by my 3 yr old daughter), I get really Te-ish(?) in a bad way. Like,...
I'm lazy...but then I'm not. It depends on whether it's something I want to do or not in that moment. :D
Just to add, in case this is helpful...I find I'm more minimalistic in some areas than others. For example, in the kitchen, I like everything super pared-down and stream-lined. Don't like a lot of...
I was very attracted to minimalism in college. I never went full on minimalist, but lived simply. It made me too preoccupied with my possessions though--it was never less enough. Married with a...
My motivation to engage: being a mom and staying strong for my family and investing in those relationships, sharing/performing music, working with animals/being outside  Not sure what evaluate info...
I am a 9w1. 946 is my tritype. Subtype is sx/so
@BlueMajorelle , I relate a lot to what you said, right down to loving lab way more than the lecture part...though I was not a bio major.  Of the group I would always end up being the one to cut up...
I also thought I was an INFP or INFJ (which is what I got on the official MBTI--with a super close S/N score)...but something just felt off especially after I did a little more reading. N started...
ferroequinologist Funny, just yesterday I was just thinking about the song Imagine and how much I dislike it! I don't know what it is, but the whole thing kinda creeps me out...the tune, the...
I am definitely more of an informing communicator. Like, it's really bad...lol!  Anyway, I am sure there would be ISFP's who would relate more to the directing style. I could see it being a nurture...
I used to equate my quiet artsiness as N, and thus was pretty sure I was an intuitive. Plus, I can appear dreamy and I am interested in deep, abstract topics to a point, as long as there is a...
I usually come out as an INFJ on the test--both online and official MBTI. I also thought I was an INFP and an ISFJ. ISFP feels the most right after thinking about it more. People who know me well irl...
Thanks for your responses, Mikhail and Angelcat. That passage on Fe and Fi was really informative! Going by this description, I'm Fi. I have always felt, even when I was quite young that I'm way...
Oh yes, I see what you're saying. I am definitely the Behind the Scenes style of communicator, which is ISFJ too, I think. I think INFJ is Chart the Course, which is not me at all! Fi always...
I don't mind your questions! They help me clarify some things, too. I guess an example of what I mean by bad at improvising is in music or when speaking in front of someone. I have to have a plan,...
Just something to add...I think the main reason I question my type is because while I'm usually go-with-the-flow and laid back, I like to have a plan and know what is coming. I'm never very late to...
Just something I've been wondering...is it possible for an INFP to be a little out of practice with their Ne and feel more comfortable going to Si? Or, just develop their Si more, to the point of...
SCENARIO 1  FOCUS ON YOUR FEELING PROCESS HERE  Your significant other just ended your 2 year relationship quite suddenly and with no apparent explanation. Up until this point you had both been...
Ok, coming back after a long break from MBTI...still having trouble pinpointing what I am!   Took the MBTI official with a practitioner and came out INFJ. Was almost 50/50 in my N and S score. I...
I know this thread is kind of quiet right now, but I just found it and it was interesting! I agree about the myths of tradition. From SJ descriptions traditional comes to mean conservative, or...
Hi, I'm not 100% sure of my type yet, but I'm leaning toward ISFJ. I got INFP on the online test when I was in high school, but once I entered college a few years later, I always got ISFJ and...
INFPs are often described as having a cause that they devote their life to. I've never really seen this in myself. I have always been passionate about things and tend to be holistic in my view of...
I enjoy the way I am for the most part, but there have been struggles. Mainly, my sensitivity and shyness and feeling overlooked or ignored. People not understanding my feelings on things. Being hard...
I've often been called an old soul, but also innocent and childlike. INFPs are ageless.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=654tlKKI_Ys Love her.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MM1wEyQBFLA So haunting and like being on some wild mountainside. And I love Native American instruments <3...
I do wear make up for my everyday look. I used to wear none at all, but I've grown to like it better once I learned how to apply it in a way that works for me. I like a doe-eyed, soft, fresh kind of...
The very first time I even heard of personality types, I tested as an INFP in high school. Revisiting it in college, I often got ISFJ, ISFP, or INFJ. I often questioned my type--and I often...
Oh I love this movie (and other Ghibli films too!)! <3
I love all animals, but I do love cats more. I used to be more dog crazy, but the older I get, the more work they seem to be, and I don't really have the means to care for one. They need proper...
I've been going back and forth between ISFP and INFP, and this is what finally nailed it for me! It's almost like I'm in constant information-gathering mode. Going back and forth, trying to find...
My philosophy is the job I have *has* to allow freedom for me to do other things that I want to do. Not really into a career, never have been. I knew when I entered college that if I ever had a...
I've wondered this too. Test questions often ask, do you like abstract or concrete information? without giving examples. I mean, what is abstract information vs concrete information? And how do you...
The feeling of being in harmony with the earth. The feeling of warmth and closeness with my family.
Haha, yeah it's gone way off topic lol!   Wow, that is the best description I've read of INFP. I love the Phases of life that they describe. I definitely feel like I'm in the Phase II--it's kind of...
@ferroequinologist, I am a lot like your wife in the scenario you gave. I don't know, my intuitive global thinking is so close with my sensing thinking more of the particulars. I did just come back...
Thanks for responding to my question! I don't know, I think I would only really do this if I'm stressed or nervous. I'm not sure about Ne--I don't really know what it looks like. So is it seeing...
Wow what you described does sounds like me! Ok now I'm questioning again lol but that's ok! I have a hard time doing something like that unless I have done it many times. I have got to be comfortable...'"


270: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEHfCUbXLTg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpIQNxiKJoE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4_z6VAC16I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrwVuUuhRYY&t=1413s
Confession:  I don't think I could ever settle for anything in life (place to live, friends, family, job, etc.). I lose interest sooner or later.. Idk if it's an ISFP thing or if it's something...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2R9ElVwT6QI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yi7_hiL4Nu4
This is another good one:    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZJsVyJptCM
People who don't shut up for hours! *sorry*... :frustrating:
I like listening to different genres of music, depending on what I'm doing and how I'm feeling (trip hop, new age, ambient, jazz, rock, etc., etc.). But I like lounge the most (especially the jazzy...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtCDGOaPZLY
I love listening to lounge, but I don't see it as an option.
I really enjoy the summer rain on my skin, especially on a hot day. People usually use umbrellas when it rains, I hardly ever carry it, because I secretly like to get rained on *blush*  Btw,...
Some of the best sensations involve another person, but I won't get into many details right now ))  I was walking yesterday at sunset, listening to beautiful music, enjoying the nature, the...
Spell66 , I personally love the way ISTPs are wired, and sometimes I secretly envy you for how relaxed you are and how you don't care to fit in social norms. You have your own way of being and...
^^You know you're an isfp when you Dont know how to troll  *meow*
Which is not surprising since Fe is your inferior function, and Ti tends to repress it.
This might be helpful:    Source: Type Dynamics (4-4) - Cognitive Function Theory
..when someone asks you how are you? just to not seem rude, but then displays all the signs of not giving a hoot about what you have to say. Like, please, spare me your 'politeness'.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INn1C6ImJKg
WARNING: partial nudity. :redface:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfZ6PLvzlVg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJWlBfo5Oj0
One thought + two more words come to my mind when I think about my ex - his loss and thank God!.  He was an ENTP btw.
Scratch that, a bottle of wine will do it!
I need a vacation, and a cup of coffee right about now.
She could have heard something about you from somebody else, or she may be an unhealthy ISFP trapped in an insane Fi-Ni Loop, obsessing/being paranoid about certain ideas that she's built in her...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgkFw2hm5-M
I notice everything. I just act like I don’t.
http://66.media.tumblr.com/0cb4bc65b9e3345e1dfbb398e3c31524/tumblr_oaa50qFoGY1vzjkj6o1_1280.jpg
the radio  political correctness or freedom of speech?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gXrS6eKfjk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jszQZBtuk_k
Confession of this morning:  I didn't know that waking up to a morning thunderstorm can in itself be such an oddly comforting experience :peaceful:
If I see that your opinion on a certain matter differs from mine and you're not willing to change it, I personaly wouldn't intensely argue with you, trying to make you change your mind. That disturbs...
https://media.giphy.com/media/26BROYKr0HANDf0Uo/giphy.gif
poker  a hard one.. hmm... HGTV  iOS or Android?
“Half of me is filled with bursting words and half of me is painfully shy. I crave solitude yet also crave people. I want to pour life and love into everything yet also nurture my self-care and go...
naughty is a lovely word :proud:
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
one piece  intrigue  bowling or billiard?
hanging or electrocution? :exterminate:
salt lamp  colored photography or B&W?
I think you've confused them with the sunrises, which probably are just as beautiful as the sunsets. I don't know for sure though, because that's when I have the sweetest dreams :kitteh:
Film Noir  chrome or wood?
do we even have a happy thread? cuz if we don't we really need one, especially as a dom Fi type!! :)
the sunsets at the beach are my new favorite thing :proud:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntoMKM0ToP0&list=LL9paTZX24Txlbhv_d6m83dA&index=192
coffee  fire or ice?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XW5_mSZzfPQ
I on the other side am happy thinking about going to the beach in a couple of days. I can already sense the water, the sun and the sand making contact with my body, creating poetry inside.. all about...'"


317: 'I saw this screenshot from the upcoming 3DS game 'Tomodachi Life' over at reddit, and it appears that the character types are similar to the MBTI types. What would you guys think each type...
Don't like using my phone to speak. It just seems like an obligatory bother, and usually I just end up pretending to have missed the call and texting back. And radiation is bad for you!
For example purposes, let's assume that the 'problem' at hand is walking into a room and finding two of my friends facing each other in a fighting stance.    I agree with this. Extraverted...
I totally get that! It's like refusing to be a puzzle piece that fits. You want to live up to only your own expectations, and yet here are people who want to mold you into their expectations. You end...
I think I understand, but I don't think the order is quite right. If we're pretending that the obstacle is some kind of problem, and that this is how we relate to and cope with problems (as opposed...
I think this is a good thing. Kids learn a lot through trial and error, and so really unless things get particularly cold or physically violent, maybe it's better to let them ease into their own...
I couldn't read the whole thing, sorry! My mind tends to wander, but I think I get the gist of it. I think that for the longest while, you may look for what type you are (in any personality...
Even though you sometimes say the most tactless things, the other part of the time when you say something that makes me realize that you're two steps ahead of me and can see what I'm really feeling...
Not sure typewise, but this is a common thing I see with Asian mums! They just need something to gossip about later :p
90% of the time, I can appreciate it, but it does not belong near me or any of my posessions!
In a classroom setting? In highschool, I was introverted, but not too quiet. It took time to warm up to new people, but I was still (maybe still am) friendly towards anyone who approached me that...
I don't really have much to add to what everyone's said, but I'm really glad this isn't a 'me' thing :')
Right-handed.
I like dance and performance. I did hiphop in highschool and salsa recently. It's something to do and that in itself is very stress relieving! I lose interest in any one style pretty quick though, so...
I'm assertive, but I don't think I'm dominant. If I feel threatened in any way, I'm not shy at saying 'no'.
Quite often, and sometimes it really bugs me :/  I always thought I was pretty open about everything, and then a good friend told me that I always seemed to have walls around me. Although I don't...
Math was good in primary school, but a lot less interesting in highschool where I found that I wouldn't be able to apply it (topics such as calc and algebra) and so it only got worse as the math we...
Usually because I don't feel I have the resources to interact - the balance between 'putting in the effort' vs 'result you get' has been tipped to one side and the outcome I know I'll get doesn't...
The two that I know are both people I've felt really comfortable with opening up around. I don't know if that sentence just then made any grammatical sense, but you know what I'm trying to say. They...
News - Pacific KAT-TUN - Break the Records  I think these are the only two I can sit through entirely. I was at the right age, I guess.
On my really introverted days, I can get like that. I'll wake up and not want to see or talk to anyone. I don't want to do anything - even if I usually enjoy it - and I don't want anything unexpected...
It's asking me what my favourite colour is but I can't decide because it's not the right shade.
I get sick when the season starts changing. Dunno why - usually a cold or sore throat.
Break down the problem and tackle it in small parts. Always helps for me :')
SFs, ENFJ, INTJ from what I know of, but I don't really know a lot :s
9w8, 4w5, 6w7
Your little family looks happy and adorable and aaaaaaaaa I'm quite gelatinous :')  Welcome!
I like you either way, so it's ok.  But numbers in screen names always make me feel like Hah, he has a number because he couldn't be the original and I may or may not forever make the joke of...
LOL, guilty as charged.
I'm not your particular friend, but personally, if I'm pushing my opinion or belief on someone, it means that I'm starting to get annoyed with the lack of decision. With most of my friends, I, like...
I was close to one girl who was disliked by a mutual friend's mother when I was in elementary. I got really protective (and quite aggressive) and insulted the mother, who in turn got mad at me and...
Set lots and lots of tiny goals that can be achieved in a relatively short amount of time. It gets a large task done much faster. Like, 'Write 100 words of essay in 20 minutes, then you can go have a...
I don't care much for what you wrote (because you seem biased and I don't like wasting my time) but your thread title doesn't make sense.
Love-hate relationship. I remember being at a MJ concert as a kid and some parts were so loud that my whole 3-year-old body was shaking, and that was absolutely terrifying. But then, as an adult,...
Ookami Kodomo, when Ame is running with the fox and they come across the open mountain fields. That was really moving.
^ THIS. This is exactly what I mean, but in like two sentences. Now I feel dumb for having spent the last hour on paragraphs that could have been condensed into this. :bored:
I'm not your particular friend, so I don't know how it is for her, but I could pretend to be in her situation. You know her best out of anyone here though, so take it with a grain of salt :p  No...
Man, soppixo those last two situations with Te and Fi was like exactly what was running through my head for most of highschool, hahaha.
I'm really bad at it and I zone out unless it's a serious talk.
Acerbusvenator has called me here, so here I have been called.  You sound a lot like me. I pride myself in logical thinking and organization (Layton games and sorting magic cards into the right...
I have never considered myself to be sexy. Cute, okay. Pretty, okay. Refined, sometimes. Sexy? Good God no, that's just weird.
I know right! For me, Ni leads either to homeless or sitting in a rocking chair at the front of my youngest child's (who is now married with children) house. Mostly homeless, though.
I overthink a lot, about really stupid things, and I take it really far.   Example: The scenario where I am married some 10 years in the future, and one day, my husband dies. In that scenario, what...
I still harbour intense feelings of guilt and perhaps a little regret over rejecting the romantic feelings of one of my best friends.
Treat the other with respect and remember that they're themselves and have their own opinions and ways of doing things. In general, that's a good recipe for any kind of relationship :p  I would...
Not shyness, but I suppose my caution has. I guess it looks similar on the outside. I don't get 'stuck up' or 'rude', but I'm sometimes told that I'm difficult to get to know on a deeper level. I'm...
Very very badly. :(  Procrastination, higher level of irritation, self-centered, sulky, critical. I also experience a huge change in thinking, and I have a 0 bullshit tolerance when under stress....
I was one of 'those' kids who didn't have to study very hard to grasp concepts and application, so school work was never a big problem. A few things I found redundant were:  1. Homework...
stilton cheese in a beef pie oh my gooood
It's enough for me  (*ﾉωﾉ)  Whatever I like at the time. If I'm into something, I'm REAAAALLY into something. Anything cute with possibilities too! Cute letterpads, rubber stamps, money, etc. I...'"


336: 'arthur1996 Hi, really sorry for the extremely late reply once again, I just realised that I'm more than one month late :frustrating: Sorry!!!   Well that's great, I'm happy to hear about your...
Frédéric Chopin: INFP  Sergei Rachmaninoff: IxFP  Franz Schubert: INFP Antonio Vivaldi: ISFJ  Johannes Brahms: ISTJ Ludwig van Beethoven : INTJ
Hi  compulsiverambler,  I asked your question to the author of the blog I linked you, and the author has very kindly and promptly replied! Here is the reply: Hi, thank you for starting this blog, it...
compulsiverambler  Thank you for your question, it's a really interesting one that I've never thought carefully of before.   I suppose it'll be really sad and empty for the extrovert, as the...
Hi,   I was just wondering if anyone has useful MBTI book/ resource recommendations. More specifically, I'd like to better understand how functions work in general, the effect of the position of...
Sure, no problem, thank you very much for your help! Oh, I see, I've always viewed the word reserved as quiet, and quite closed off to interacting with others. Hmm, I do suppose I'd be a little...
“Alice: How long is forever?  White Rabbit: Sometimes, just one second.”   ― Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland  521737
Oh, I see! What handwriting analysis books or websites would you recommend? I find handwriting analysis really interesting and fascinating, hehe.   Hmm, what do you mean when you say that you've...
Wow, that was extremely informative and detailed, thank you very much!! Are you an expert at handwriting analysis? That was a really thorough analysis! My handwriting can have a right slant at times,...
Hmmmm, really hyper and energetic most of the time, always buzzing with unexplored possibilities, ideas, likes making new connections and ideas, can be really random, with wild bursts of energy (have...
Oh, I see, thank you so much for the useful explanation! Yes, it was actually the first thing I read about the personality types too. It actually got me really interested in this whole personality...
Receiving love doesn't mean you have it.  Covering time doesn't mean it passes.  Breathing doesn't mean you live.  -Tablo   521394
Hi Arthur, no problem, you are very much welcome, I'm really glad you found them useful ^^ Helping you helped me with understanding the functions better too, so thank you for starting this thread :)!...
Thanks for starting this thread, it's really interesting! Well here's mine:  521314  (I have no idea why it looks so small when attached, but please click on the image, it will enlarge rather...
Haha oops, it still looks rather neat overall to me though. Well, at least INTJ isn't that far off going by the letters I suppose :happy:!
Oh I see, I used an app on my phone (Tapatalk) to reply, and the app does not display the user's type unless you specifically click on their username to view their profile, which I did not so I did...
I did not know this was a trait of ISFPs, I really thought it was just me.   Anyways, wow, this is so relatable and couldn't be more true for me. Talking to people can be really exhausting for me;...
INTJ or INFJ?
The Four Toed Creed Haha yay, that's great, thank you very much! :laughing: Well you're at the top of my list too, since you're my only friend so far :tongue:
Hmm, it seems that the 16Personalities website uses a slightly different theory that combines Jungx92s theory of psychological types as well. Based on what I have read from the website, it does not...
For me as a sensor, it's not so much about moving around. I'm actually a really lazy person who prefers sitting down, and rarely moves around. One reason I really like road trips is because I can...
No problem, but yes, you should try reading it indeed! If you do, please type Shylock. I've always been really confused about him, he is so undeniably cruel, cold and calculative throughout the play,...
Welcome to Personality Cafe!!! I do feel the same about the personality test too! You certainly seem like a nice person yourself, I hope you'll enjoy your stay here! :happy:  520810
The Four Toed Creed Hahaha :laughing: :laughing: :laughing: Oh, I did not realise it was already night time for you. Ah well, good night, I shall add you as my first friend on this forum if you don't...
Knowledge is power, France is Bacon.  520666
The Four Toed Creed Ah yes, now that I think about it, it could really be due to the emotions part for me as well!! Haha, well I have a really hard time motivating and getting myself to study or...
The Four Toed Creed Hi thanks for the reply once again! Yes indeed haha I'll definitely try to keep my amnesia in check :laughing:   Well thank you very much for the information about enneagram,...
Wow, you're so lucky!!! :shocked: What Fair is that, it sounds really interesting :O Yes please, thank you so much it would be fantastic if you could take a video if you get to see them! Are you free...
Ok thank you, that was pretty helpful! :happy:
Merchant of Venice characters, anyone?
Sorry, please delete this blank post! >< (Or is there a way I could delete it myself)
I'm kind of curious as to how you determined the possible reasons. Is it by some kind of functions, or based more on a general feel you get from each type? I've been wondering how people do these...
arthur1996 Hi, I happened to chance upon this really helpful information regarding secondary Ne (INFP) vs secondary Se (ISFP) by   KillinIt in a thread...
The Four Toed Creed Hi, thank you so much for your prompt and detailed reply once again! Really sorry for the late reply, I wanted to take more time to read the part about enneagrams in your post,...
!! Yes! I love chinchillas, they are like giant cute fluffy versions of mice.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMpl5rMDVvA   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdFBn1edmwQ  I'd like to live on...
Hi weaknight, thank you so much, you are way too kind!!! I'm still a beginner at this, and have lots to learn, so I'm really glad you found my answer useful! ^^ I really agree with what you said as...
weaknight Hi, I personally do not believe that it is possible to change one's personality over time. I do believe, however, that these things within their personality type can change as a result of...
Haha, this could very well possibly be due to the fact that my post was filled with Fi, and not so much of the other functions though! So it'd be no surprise if you could relate to it if you were an...
Hi, I'm glad you found my links useful! Yes, in my opinion you do sound like you use Ne more from your descriptions, particularly the way you described the image, which sounded like you were...
Hi, it would be great if you could mention me in your reply like this:   Amnesia or by choosing the reply with quote option under my post. That would alert me that you replied under my...
Hi, I found this rather interesting website regarding this: https://mbtifiction.com/2016/03/09/nature-vs-nurture/#more-9206 !
By abbreviations are you referring to the MBTI types, such as INTJ and INFJ?
Vunar Yes, that would definitely be interesting and insightful, thanks!
The Four Toed Creed   Hello, thank you so much for your prompt and detailed reply again! ^^ Haha, was the first line meant to be a pun since my username is amnesia? :laughing: :laughing: :laughing:...
INFJennifer Thanks, glad you found that helpful! Haha yes, I thought so too while I was typing my response! :laughing:
Hi Altruistic Misanthrope, thank you so much for your prompt reply and valuable information! ^^ I agree with pretty much all of what you said, thanks for your valuable insights. Yes, you do make...
Hi Four Toed Creed, thank you so much for your detailed prompt reply, help and kind words once again! ^^ :DD   Yes, I suppose it could indeed be so, haha! Do you have any idea how unhealthy Fi...
arthur1996   Hi Arthur, welcome, glad you found the website useful! Sorry, I really am not good at this, but I shall give it another try.    Yes, it could be due to Ni as INFJennifer mentioned....
analyticalnonsense INTP
Aversion to conflicts until things eventually can't help but reach a breaking point'"


347: 'How often do you stay up?  Any time I have the opportunity.  Sometimes I will make myself go to bed early if I have to get up the next day earlier than normal, but I usually push the limits...
Sun: Aries (Fire - Choleric) Moon: Virgo (Earth - Melancholic) Rising: Scorpio (Water - Phlegmatic)  No wonder people find me confusing at times.
I wasn't a huge fan of classical music when I was a kid.  My dad used to force us to listen to it on long car rides.  My sisters and I preferred the popular stations, of course.  But, I loved playing...
Boring, technical possible answer here... I think Se and Ne can have a tendency to come across as playful, which can come across as child-like to some.
I feel for you. :sad:  I lived with my in-laws for a few excruciatingly long months.  (To make matters worse, I was also pregnant with morning sickness at the time.)  I don't know my...
Yes, we are best friends and mindmates.  We laugh a lot. Not too many fights, but when we do fight it's pretty big.  Then we return back to our usual ways which usually include the same habits that...
I always thought I was an obvious introvert, but when I told this to my sister she was pretty surprised about it.  So, I guess I don't always come off as being introverted.  If I am comfortable with...
I am married to an ENTP, enneagram 8.  He is very charismatic, and can be a pretty big jerk to people when in the right mood.  A charismatic jerk.  He pulls it off somehow and he can charm most...
Music, Self , Spatial
1) What is your current career/occupation?  Piano teacher  2) Do you enjoy/love it...or just do it because you need to?  I do enjoy it.  I don't like the business side as much as the teaching...
I have a Bachelors of Music in Piano Pedagogy
I think your insults and name calling is very Infantile. :P
You draw really well! If you are drawing people, I've noticed the feeling is mostly in the eyes.  That is usually where you look to tell if someone has a genuine smile.  So perhaps experiment with...
Since I started the whole control thing, I will try to explain a bit what I meant.   I can only speak for myself here.  I am just getting through a time in my life where well-meaning people...
I agree that it really doesn't matter.
Same difference in my mind.
Sorry, I gave you advice that you did not want. To answer your original question.  No, I don't think  ISFPs are any more selfish than any other type.   I forget that my ENTP husband has feelings...
The biggest thing that I learned from being in a long term relationship (18 years) is that you need to accept the other person as they are (it took me 10 years to figure this out).  If being on time,...
I still don't see your point.  Everybody has a different idea of what a pretty little thing  is.  If I collect pretty rocks and seashells from the beach, would that make me materialistic?  If I...
One can be attracted to pretty objects without needing to own them.   So, if we are going to get picky, the question should be if ISFPs value beautiful objects more than spiritual, intellectual, or...
I can relate to a lot of what others have said here.  I had one friend that I have really good memories about.  I enjoyed being with her because she was my first friend that I could spend 24 hours...
I have only really been in love once, and I am married to that guy.  The love I feel now is quite a bit different than when I first met him.  In the beginning, it was like an incredible rush every...
My husband complains that I speak too quietly and tend to mumble.  Then when I try to project my voice to answer his question, he accuses me of yelling at him. Can't win. lol.  Both my older sisters...
I have at least one friend that really enjoys his cannabis. I'm not about to hold that against him.  He's a pretty good guy.  I just wanted to represent a different side.  (In other words, I like...
I have a problem with this too.  It just happened to me last night.  I haven't found out a surefire cure for it yet, but some nights I have success with getting up and doing some form of exercise. ...
For me, unless I have had a really, really bad day, I default to the gentle, understanding side.  Which if I am not careful, can turn me more into an enabler than anything else.  I have had to ask...
I still make lists, but I am getting smarter about it.  I don't spend all day doing it.  I don't make lists that cover more than one day.  And, I am finding that a list of about 3 things is just...
I also agree with RyRyMini.  I think the strength lies in knowing when to act and when to step back.
The only drugs I've used are caffeine and alcohol.  I can get a pretty good psychedelic experience by closing my eyelids and looking at the pretty patterns.  I can also get a pretty decent high when...
I am a night owl, and like to sleep in.  I usually sleep on my side near the edge of the bed.  Hugging a pillow is nice. :) I have to have the blankets down by my feet loose.  I can't stand having...
I am often attracted to Extroverted people, because I feed off of their energy in social situations (I just made myself sound like a parasite. haha.)  I am a completely different person depending on...
I never thought of that possibility.  That is really freaky.  Now I am going to have to find a way to forget about it. lol.
Yes, the only solution that I can think of for me to be really organized would be to get rid of the unnecessary stuff I don't want to deal with.  But, I haven't figured out how to keep the stuff from...
The older I get the more I look up to my father.  He is not a perfect man by any means, but I can look back and appreciate his (and my mom's) decisions on how to raise my sisters and I.  They were...
I don't mind that you talk about yourself.  It was interesting that you mentioned that ENTP's thought of themselves as machines, because my ENTP husband says that about himself often and he takes it...
My husband has this amazing potential that is mixed in with some pretty strong self-defeating behaviors. He has an incredible vision in his life, but doesn't always take into account other important...
Just me again.  I just found this bit of verse.  (edit to add that I found it at infj.com) My husband tends to take the fixing attitude about life, I tend to take the serving attitude.  I have some...
I have noticed that I am one of the few people that is immune to his charming ways when it comes to influence (though I am probably not as immune as I think. lol.).  He has amazing powers of...
I see a lot of my husband and me in SphereOfSilence's post above.   I am 35. I started dating my husband (ENTP) the end of our junior year of high school. We had a rocky romance through college...
Wow. I started out in the ISFP forum and started a thread about organizing.  It was politely ignored. lol.  I let the ENTP in our house do the mopping.  He is much better at it than I am.
If I have typed my husband and myself correctly, I am an ISFP married to an ENTP.  We have been together since 1992 ( I am too lazy to do the math at the moment).  I would not call it an easy...
When I first took the personality test, I tested as INFP.  I guess I may be one, but it didn't seem to fit me. ANd the funny thing, like HandiAce wrote, I have some sort of need to be in the...
My husband is an ENTP. The genders are switched here, but maybe this will help... We met in high school. He pursued me (which was an abosolute thrill. he once ran 3 miles to my house because his...
I can relate to a bit of what you are saying.   I worry a lot about things that I cannot do anything about.  It will cause insomnia to the point where I am still awake at 7 am and I started to worry...
I have a tendency to want to do everything myself, too.  I do not work well in groups.  I often take over the project and micro manage things.  It may be that I do not trust others to do it up to my...
:laughing::laughing::laughing::laughing::laughing:
For me, I just like things to be a certain way.  If they aren't in that certain way, I get a little obsessed over it.  I don't do this for everything, just certain things.  I think I am more...
When I first met my ENTP husband in high school, he was an overly honest person. He was fearless when it came to telling the truth, and would often use it to shock people almost to the point where...
I used to pride myself on my abnormalities, I am slowly working my way back to that peaceful existence.  I think preferring books and tv shows over people is definitely an introverted thing.  I...
My grandparents used to live in the middle of nowhere.  When they moved to a new house, my grandma packed up all the things that she liked and wanted to keep.  Then they left everything they didn't...'"


386: Mouthwash Gasoline Yes, keep trying.  You don't sound very happy being with this person... I suppose if the relationship doesn't start taking a new direction with this person you might want to be...
Welcome to the forum mouthwash gasoline.  As to making your relationship more interesting why don't you and your partner get involved with different activities you like doing eg bowling or ice...
Hi Dear Sigmund!  About the personality test section being moved, I only found this out later on in the thread and you initially said that it's slow to load although you're administrator and perhaps...
Yes, it still isn't loaded from my end but I can access it using the link.
Hi there, I noticed the Personality Test section, the internet's #1 place to post personality tests, is currently not up.  I was wondering if that's due to maintenance issues?  I've posted threads...
White and gold!
Penguin's Poems for Love
What Poetry Book Would You Read?  https://www.playbuzz.com/angelgirl10/which-of-these-poetry-books-would-you-read
No problem, hope that was helpful.
First of all do not take the results of a personality test too personally.  The results are not accurate for everyone so it is no indication.  If it really bothers you, avoid the tests that assume to..."


393: 'if we're all going to die and there's no afterlife then what you do while you're alive is the only thing that matters.
Saw a Tesla on the road today, and... It actually looks like a sports car... It's different irl than in pictures/videos, looks much nicer than you'd think
If I had to pick you between 4 and 6 I would probably say 4. 4w5 sp sx. I'm usually pretty accurate, but I haven't really thought about it. Ignore it if you want, I just thought I'd say something...
708818
oh my god, why is the english dub for initial d so horrible!?!?
Intp
If you delete spam world then this thread will never have existed therefore you did not delete spam world in the first place  Don't think it
Ever get that that thought process where your Ni comes up with some awesome idea, then your Te points out all the reasons why it's stupid and won't work, then your Fi is like it doesn't matter,...
Hello :proud: Its Mostly true. We definitely don't talk much. And our reaction too cold behavior depends on our mood and the person is coming from
Welcome to Introverted Feeling.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TDC9s-Kt-8 i cant believe i haven't noticed this before, im dying :laughing:
Im just a 2, lol
I was at the bottom of the stairs in my house, I was staring towards the top of the stairs. after that I don't remember, I think my mom walked in from the bedroom... My guess is she picked me up and...
Mbti is more useful.  Enneagram is good if you fit into one of the 9 types if you dont then theres wings which gives you 27 choices, it's not as helpful, but it still works. But if you dont fit...
More like pineapple on pizza
First they say too much water can kill you now they're saying too much oxygen can kill you!? Fucking scientists, I bet they'll try to tell us 'eating too many bananas can kill you' or something...
I dont think you understand why people like this show, but why would  that matter anyway? These people aren't hurting anybody by liking it so why would you need to tell them they're wrong for liking...
Im guessing most of the audience is Ni. The show has virtually everything that would appeal to Ni users (dark humor, philosophy, theories, science shit, pickles) What else could you want  Sent...
Im an isfp and my best friend is an infp.
http://personalitycafe.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=703002&stc=1
i know an introverted enfp
tried to extend my my pickle rick.gif avatar but i couldn't get it to a low enough file size without it being too small to see example: 702785  i had to record the gif, which ends up being 30 mb,...
i knew it. People these days are so clueless
You do know people taste things differently, right?
Ouch
nah, i'm not in denial.
I spent like 2 hours getting this to a small enough file size  (7mb to 188kb)  What do you guys think? I might need to brighten it a bit
The red spirit  which is better?  original:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6XMuUVw7TOM   With Eurobeat:
if you left your avatar blank and just change your avatar depending on the content of your post. for example how some games with pop up text boxes have the character sprite change depending on what...
yup
fashion i guess... also to keep me from stabbing myself if the eyes somehow... also i'm nearsighted (astigmatism)
fe. when its good it can actually be nice. but when its bad its really bad...   ^that wasn't a very good explanation...  ok, so think of a sweet isfj mom stereotype (nice fe) and think of a bitchy...
The red spirit I saw on youtube some company put an electric motor in a corvette, an unforgivable sin, but it was extremely quick
*only beats a tesla by 0.1 second*  Methinks the demon is more efficient at full speed too
last week
The red spirit istp now?
That's what I was going to do, I just couldn't decide what to wear first.  Also, that's kind of what I just did. http://personalitycafe.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=700601&stc=1 The shoe on...
i know, i love it! :kitteh:
New shoes! Should I use black or white laces? http://personalitycafe.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=700561&stc=1 http://personalitycafe.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=700569&stc=1...
http://personalitycafe.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=700306&stc=1
Your fine.    That's nocebo^
She probably felt that you knew her well enough to know why you upset her, you must have broken her trust by not knowing. I don't think you would have a chance unless you figured out how you upset...
congrats!:tongue:
it wasn't a breaking drift if that's what you mean. the front tires weren't in a drift so there are only skid marks for the back, though you can probably see the front fire tracks if you look hard...
http://personalitycafe.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=699738&stc=1 Power parking :proud:
I thought you were going to say cats
So I slept really well, I don't know why but my dreams were so much more vivid, and I woke up feeling so much better than usual, maybe it's because I got up so early? Idk.  I can't remember most of...
If we're at the point where we can grow meat in a lab, then why don't we just make something to replace meat altogether
Because it reminded me of you
The red spirit  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q38Y5FLK63k'"


403: 'I am a native speaker in English and French and i've been learning Dutch for the last 3 years.
I would never be anything else than an ISFP ! But i'll admit that i sometimes wish that i could have the people skills of an ENFJ or the efficency of an ESTJ but at the end of the day i love myself...
ESTJ's, do you get more frustrated with Ti, Fe or Fi?
Exactly what i was about to say. Just because a function is is shadowed doesn't mean it is suppresed. EVERYONE uses Fe, Ni, Te,... regardless of function order, it's just that the four first are most...
ISFJ  Most likely to be liked
ISFP's can be mysterious in their intentions because they don't always analyze their relationships as much as some IxFJ's do which can be confusing for other types. If i were you, i wouldn't question...
I don't see how this could be an indication of Fe. Do you mean when he says he wants to be part of a family? Or how he wants to see his mother's family again? At best this could show signs of Fe but...
The fact that OP cares about being popular may simply have to do with being an extrovert or not. I have met several ExFP's who cared about social status just as much as a stereotypical xxFJ would.  ...
I found Ne really obvious too. For fi, i could show numerous example but the most striking one (for me anyway) seems to be this one: I also have strong believes, and I usually stick to my guns and I...
ACTUALLY. I used to think that a lot but then i realized that ExFP's can look a LOT like Fe doms because some of them always care about making others feel comfortable, at ease,... which tends to be...
To be free from school. Forever.
Yeah, i don't really get along with them (in general); but i think that the biggest issue between the two types is Fe vs Fi. I've experienced this with my INFJ friend who, despite her great...
Infp :)
I love Ni but i have a lot of difficulties understanding.Unlike my other functions, i never imediatly realize i'm using it.
I suppose some of you may have been surprised when seeing the title since these are two very different types. Yet, i can relate extremely well to both.  Here are my arguments for each:  Type 2w1...
I think the biggest difference is that Fe accuses Fi of being uncooperative and unsympathetic while Fi accuses Fe of being unauthentic and hypocritical.
Aphrodite was very attracted to beautiful things (and people) which is more of an xSxP thing i guess. She doesn't really seem to use Ti so i vote for xSFP
I started typing with MBTI a week after taking the test but at first i was only basing myself on the four preferences and it took me a month to fully understand the cognitive process. I haven't tried...
Hi! I was wondering if you could list again all the types you just mentioned and write the reasons on why you could be one of these types. Good luck :)
I think it could work well but i've heard that Fi tends to wear off Ti users (of course it's not always the case). In my experience Ne and Se users work well together but you're extroverted side may...
Maybe you should try to find the root of your mental issues (unless you already know it?). In one of your previous threads, you mention being teased. Is that what made you feel depressed? If you have...
I'd like to start first  by saying that i am so sorry for you (break ups are always hard). I completely understand how you're feeling, but if there's anything i've learned in life is that you can be...
ISFP  Fi The dominant function of ISFP's, Fi is based on internal values and acts on their own desires.  Se The auxiliary function of ISFP's, Se is very aware of their surroundings, lives in...
Welcome :) ! Just wondering, have you taken the cognitive function test ?
USA:Depends on which state but mostly xSxJ Canada:xSFJ Mexico:ISFJ UK:IxTJ Ireland:ENFP Australia:ESTP New Zealand:ISFJ France:ENTP Switzerland:INTP Germany:ESTP
Now that you mentioned it, i kinda see it too but i really feel like he's a Fe user.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHOS4bhNGJw  Definitely a Se user (most likely xSTP)
Young Regina has very strong inner values and is often in touch with her own feelings. Again, this is just a vibe that i got from her which i could be mistaking for Si (Si can easily be mistyped as...
1) What is your MBTI type? ISFP  2) What is your gender? Male  3) What type(s) do you admire/respect the most? (Why?) ENFJ: Very smart people, great achievers and very charismatic ESTJ: One...
Also her need for approval and ability to read people well is very Fe-like. At some point in the show she was so desperate to be loved that she was willing to throw a spell at henry to make him love...
Here are the people i consider to be ESFJ's:  -Oprah (could also be an ENFJ) -Channing Tatum -Hugh Jackman -Halle Berry -SJP -Possibly Zac Efrom -Woody from Toy Story -Snow White
In a relationship, ESTJ's can be reluctant to change opinions and views they have fixated in the past. But as the relationship becomes deeper and trusting, they may be open to new ideas they have...
I think it has to do with Te being the auxiliary function and Si the dominant one. The auxilary function is usually held back by the dominant one and tends to process things more internally. Of...
As an outsider to other people's conflicts, i am very objective and can help in a logical and practical way. In an argument, i'll start panicking, especially when this person has an in your face...
ESxP:Mdma/Alcohol IxTP:Weed IxFP:Heroin/Weed ISxJ:Morphine/Cocaine ENxP:Lsd/Shrooms ExTJ:Meth ExFJ:Alcohol/Cigarettes INxJ:Heroin
3w2 (i'm a 2w1)
Welcome :) INFP's and ISFP's can be extremely similar on the surface due to Fi being their dominant function. Assuming that you're new to this, Fi or introverted feeling is  the dominant function in...
She is definitely ISxJ. I can't even imagine her being an INFJ. Her Si is so dominant that the only way for her to move on was to runaway from Arendelle and cut loose with everything in relation to...
Healthy ENFJ's :( They are kind but not too sensitive, smart but not arrogant, organized but not controlling, social but not needy,etc... Of course these are stereotypes but literally every ENFJ i've...
F I S P but i absolutely hate my I
I completely understand how you feel but i'm almost sure that your friend didn't mean to hurt your feelings in any way. Maybe you should try talking to him? Us, ISFP's don't always make our feelings...
I'm surprised that an INFP could be mistyped as an INFJ since these types have zero functions in common (Fi-Ne-Si-Te vs Ni-Fe-Ti-Se). I think that the most likely mistype is an INFJ who is actually...
Yay! Another ISFP :) Welcome.
I don't know for sure...It would sound too cliche to go for freedom so i'm going to chose the money :D
A few months ago, i used to think i was INFP until i read about the functions and i realized i didn't really relate to Ne. Se and Ni on the other hand, described me more accurately.
I love XNFP's ! They're so soft spoken and passionate. Even though ENFP's can be insensitive and INFP's a bit unaware of others, they never stop mesmerizing me!
Thank you so much :D  No more gushiness! I promise :tongue:
Thanks a lot! I'm still not 100% sure but i definitely will take your point in consideration.
I checked your link out and i could relate to this :  I sometimes feel like i deserve more credit than i get but i usually don't care, if someone didn't appreciate my help, i'll be offended for...
Welcome! :)'"


405: 'Warm Spring - Soft Autumn overlap.   My hair color is somewhere between strawberry blonde and auburn (like Amy Adams or Adele). Lots of people simplify and call me a redhead, but I've got a lot of...
I don't look for them when they're not there. But I appreciate meanings. I do pick up on patterns. Se>Ni to me looks like... memorizing every start in the sky and as you memorize them, you start...
Could work. Can't see how it would be any more train-wrecky than nearly any other type combination. Depends on how insistent the ESTP was to go out and do extraverted things, and how much of a...
Personal responsibility.   Human dignity.  [Others too personal to share]
I've....never found Fi to be fragile. My husband is INFJ and his brand of feeling is far more chaotic than mine.   I personally relate to Sia's song: I've got thick skin and an elastic heart. I...
Social introvert.   Yeah, probably, if these were the only options. I actually really enjoy spending time with friends. I'll carve out plenty of time to visit them, and if they say even in passing,...
Can be. I tend to type others by looking for cognitive functions. Since Fi is decidedly nonverbal and usually not outwardly expressed, and thinking types are fully capable of being amiable enough...
I definitely fall into this category. I love to learn. I just don't learn well with someone shoving information into my face. I learn on my own terms.  Psychology, herbalism, people, history,...
Whaa? Manipulative ISFP? I've been accused of being manipulative by a paranoid INFP, but that spoke more about him than of me. The depth of conspiracy he accused me of was completely off-the-wall and...
The door is only closed if she's replaced that opportunity with an exclusive, permanent relationship. She seemed interested at the time, and nothing seems to have permanently damaged that. If she's...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPQVj0TCmBQ   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeGMVEuly-Y  Posted this crap 7 months ago, which means it's already ancient. :tongue:
Originally mistyped as ISFJ due to inferior Te disguised as a J preference.
In short, good. My husband is INFJ, as are the majority of my friends. They definitely all express their own variety of INFJ, though...
1. Yes. We sacrifice breadth for depth as far as emotion goes.   2. They're cute. My experience is that they're really out of touch with reality, and I'm usually having to hold their hands in...
The nomadic renaissance (wo)man. Always seeking a new experience and new inspiration for their art. Might sing or play their instrument on a street corner. Utilizes creative ways of getting around....
I'm a stay-at-home mom. I have a lot of experiences I'd like to have someday, but I'm currently studying to become a birth doula.
We don't like our time wasted with emotional games. We value sincerity from the beginning, and if we think the person may not be consistent in their intentions or feelings, we will either jump ship...
Math and science were the subject I did the worst at, but that's not saying much. I was an A student. All it meant was that I was probably a B-average in those subjects. :-P  I had a habit of not...
My husband is an underdeveloped INFJ (he grew up in a suppressive home), so he has a lot of random ISTP-ish spurts. But I've spent a ridiculous amount of time talking with INTJs over the last year...
Well, yes and no.  As a highly sensual person, I find meaning and a degree of intimacy in physical touch, even more playful touch. I only initiate hugs with people I actually feel very close to....
It's interesting because I think I go back and forth with Te and Fe. I'm very uncomfortable with abandoning objective reasoning/fiscal responsibility/resource efficiency for the sake of pandering to...
Totally, but it's more of an imagining of potential conversations/interactions.
Definitely cognitive function research. Before then, I was split between ISFP and ISFJ. I was raised by a mom who is ISTJ, so I was put in a position to use Te a lot earlier in life, but Ne is my...
My take:  Sheldon: INTP with aspergers. His regimented nature often appears to be a J trait, but these are really ticks associated with aspergers. When you remove the ticks, he has all the earmarks...
Yup. I saw that one the other day. I was disappointed with its lack of ... depth. :)
There's a serious absence of ISFP videos out there. So I made one or two. True to form, I haven't even watched them myself. I just can't.   Fair warning. I talk a lot.  ...
Brennan: INTJ. She's often quoted as ISTJ because she seeks absolute facts and doesn't have patience for anything less. But that's the exact function of Ni-Te. If we were talking about Ne, that'd be...
infj?
I cried when I heard my son's voice for the first time. That was an overwhelmed/joyous cry. I cry when the feelings of worthlessness reach a tipping point. That doesn't happen often, but there it is....
I speak more with actions. My husband is an INFJ and is currently at sea (Navy), so when he asked me for some affectionate words, I had to get back to him so I could get into a state of mind where I...
I have had the unique experience of being dumped by an INFP almost-lover. And that pretty much summed the conversation. For the last three years I was convinced you were the one I was going to...
OMG. This was pretty much how my husband (INFJ) and I started flirting. I was unbelievably conflicted. He *noticed* me, and I was super attracted to him, but was actually mad that he liked me. He, on...
Entp
OMG. That second one. I'm cracking up! I can't get the image of a dancing robot out of my head.
You could tell them they should be more aware of their surroundings. ;)
Mine is, but that's because I had to renew it before going to Europe three years go. Now, I can't find the darned thing, so it's useless at the moment. :-P
Eeexactly. I had an INTP friend there on the trip with me, and he and I would wander around looking for the hidden gems. Neither of us liked the crowds.
I feel the same way about clutter. I think she feels the same way, though. The clutter is really stressful for her, but she doesn't seem to do anything about it. Though, I think she may be a rather...
Very nice! I miss it so bad. I totally get what you mean about the shallow/fake stuff. The next day it was the first day of Spring Break and it was drowning in tourists.   95403 95404 95405...
For being the most rare type, I have a boat load of INFJ friends, including my husband. This is probably the most common type among my friends.  Also included are a few INFPs, a couple ENFJs, one...
I can't do advanced math, and growing up I never really understood a mathematical concept until the next year during review, but I still got better-than-average grade. We *do* have Ni/Te in our...
Well, I only really know two INTJs in my friendships. Both are pretty awesome. I've never gotten into an argument with either of them. I think they both bring out the rationality in me, which isn't...
I went to Prague a few years ago, and I arrived at Town Square on a quiet Sunday evening. It was sensory overload in the very best way possible.   Visited St Vitus Cathedral the next day and it was...
I don't think ISFPs are ditzy at all! In my experience, I feel like we're the more hardcore version of INFPs. :-P  Dislike of dark humor or subjects? Certainly not. I've got rather morbid...
I speak more clearly in written conversation, but I'm often more talkative in person in comfortable company. With people I'm not extremely comfortable with, I tend to be more talkative online.
My style is a mix of vintage/edgy/world-bohemian, but I don't have much money to support it! Oh, and it's also got to be comfortable and, at the moment, breastfeeding-friendly.
People and relationships are the subject of your values, and you get upset when those values are insulted. And you can't possibly understand when someone else's values are something else...
When you make a plan for the week, but as the days go on, you keep rescheduling everything seemingly on a whim.  When you making appointments with people makes you rather anxious.  When you don't...
When you get a thrill from cancelled plans.
...When you feel particularly affected by nature.'"


509: 'I'm hoping to get some help, as this is causing me some serious trouble. I'm dating an infj. We are head over heels in love! Things are seriously great, except he tends to be hot or cold with me....
I'm hoping to get some help, as this is causing me some serious trouble. I'm dating an infj. We are head over heels in love! Things are seriously great, except he tends to be hot or cold with me....
I'm hoping to get some help, as this is causing me some serious trouble. I'm dating an infj. We are head over heels in love! Things are seriously great, except he tends to be hot or cold with me....
Thanks for responding. :) I know we're not high on the list anymore. I just can't figure out why. I just kee thinking there has to be more to it than that. I forgot to mention the part about when my...
Hi! I'm hoping someone can help me. Here's my story:  I have a sister-in-law who is an ESTJ. Last year, she had a baby. We got along fine up until then. I did get annoyed/hurt sometimes by her...
Hi! I'm hoping someone can help me. Here's my story:   I have a sister-in-law who is an ESTJ. Last year, she had a baby. We got along fine up until then. I did get annoyed/hurt sometimes by her...
Why thank you! i hope someone can help us out here.  But I think INFJ is a very good guess.  INFJ  INFJs take their energy from the inner world of thoughts and ideas. They prefer dealing with...
I am a huge fan of James Blake. I find his music moving and deeply emotional. (And I might have a slight crush on him .)  After watching several interviews of him, I find myself trying to decipher...
oh... and you can see him interviewed   here Sooner: James Blake Interview -  and here  BBC - Music Showcase  and also here  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eUXeYGGWbg
I am a huge fan of James Blake. I find his music moving and deeply emotional. (And I might have a slight crush on him :blushed:.)  After watching several interviews of him, I find myself trying to...
my word, james blake is a genius. first time i listened to his album, it was meh. second time, i got chills. oh my that boy is incredible. step aside, kid a.   and if you like the wilhelm scream,...
awww now i'm kinda sad for you. :(
Exactly. While I'm not a completely realistic person, the majority of my mind's wanderings are based in reality. 95 percent of the time. I don't think I knew about the music thing. I have played the...
mine is incredibly intelligent and impresses everyone he works with, so we live comfortably. i am with you - i'm so glad i have someone like him to kind of take care of me, since i'm so forgetful and...
i, too was shocked. i have come to the conclusion that i am both. emotionally, i'm about 3/4 INFP. creatively, it's definitely ISFP. i'm definitely not as emo as some of the INFPs. not saying...
They have one eyebrow raised at you like the are about to say something very sarcastic about you.   Because they are.
hah! me too. and uuuugh is right. :) sometimes we are the ying to each others yang. other times we're toooo opposite. but it's all good in the end.
oh, and speaking of movies, who's excited about the Tree of Life? looks like a beautiful, artfully-done movie. and looks like the mother character is INFP, father is INTJ. i can't wait.
I realize this movie will look kind of like a matrix rip-off, but to me, it really isn't. matrix was all about machines in control of people's perceptions of reality. this seems to be more about...
most definitely! if music doesn't make me feel, i don't get into it. i'm curious, do you also listen to certain music during certain seasons? i do that. i have certain music i pull out during...
I really think I will appreciate her more now that I know her personality type . INTJs fascinate me, especially being married to one and having one for a father (how's that for freudian haha) and a...
i'm so glad i found this thread! i'm kind of confused as to which type i am.   i re-take the MBTI test sometimes, and a couple of times i have gotten ISFP. Every other time, it's been INFP.   So...
Ok, so i re-take the MBTI test sometimes, and a couple of times i have gotten ISFP. Every other time, it's been INFP.   So it has me doubting, for a few reasons/  Here are my strong ISFP...
...Correct me if I'm wrong (INTJs don't have a problem with that haha) but basically you're saying that you don't feel the need to be acknowledged or praised for anything that you do? I just find...
i couldn't have said it better. :happy:
Despite working in an office, I do work alone most of the time. Thankfully, my current job allows me to plug in the headphones and listen to music or watch TV shows while I work, tuning out most of...
oh you're right - he acts totally shocked whenever i get upset over it. he does love to fix things; he lives to work, so that's probably great advice. i understand that INTJs don't bother with people...
So, does anyone else watch this phenomenal show? Love it! I tear up every week.:crying: it's just so relatable. all those complex characters.   So who has what personality type, do you think? I've...
i find it fascinating that an INTJ (Jane Austen) would write romance. Maybe it was the day in which she lived? All of the societal pressure to get married. It was a subject every woman had to...
when i'm talking to someone, i look at their face, not their eyes. it is only comfortable for me to maintain eye contact for more than about 10 seconds. then it feels too personal, or something. i...
I absolutely feel that way. The circumstances have to be right and it has to be with the right people for me to come out of my shell too. And it has to be both. I was fairly sociable at work when...
this makes so much sense, and saying So telling a person you shouldn't need compliments because I don't need compliments is like saying your psychological needs should be the same as my...
Well, uh, the reasoning behind it all sounds very clinical to me.   But you know what? you started out your comment with a compliment on the thread i created! so whatever you're doing has worked....
hahaha! i didn't even realize I typed that. but i like it better as Myers Briggs Personality Typer. it has a good (unintended) pun on the end. :tongue: oh geez...:blushed:
I love a good, clean comedian. They are so very rare. Don't get me wrong, I have been known to chuckle at the dirty ones. But it's just so refreshing sometimes not to hear crudeness. I definitely...
love this list.:laughing:
best. song. ever.  i just listened to this. i love this man, and his quiet emotion in this clip. made me tear up. he's also an INFP, coincidentally.  Mister Rogers awarded 20 million after...
awwwwwwww!
Top 5 songs: Lakes of Canada - Innocence Mission Sing - Travis Exit Music - Radiohead Aeroplane over the Sea - Neutral Milk Hotel America - Simon and Garfunkel  Top 5 Artists:...
this is the second post about this that i've read from you, and you just sound like you are going to burst if you don't do something to change your current setting. you can't live life like that! i...
i love to have fun with my clothes! it's definitely part of who i am. feminine vintage and retro fashions are my very favorite, especially stuff from/like the 50s, 60s and 70s. like the author of the...
infpblog, i'm in awe of how you have made your relationship with your INTJ so harmonious. it's inspiring. i don't even know where to start commenting! i do see some similarities in your narrative....
HAAAH! i've never seen this guy!   confused people are hilarious. :)
HAAAH! i've never seen this guy!   confused people are hilarious. :)
goofy, inappropriate humor. also i find things funny that no one else in the room does.   the farting preacher - HILARIOUS!!  Russell Peters - he is the funniest comedian I have heard in years. ...
I know what you mean! i didn't think i'd ever met another INFP. then i asked the guy who sits next to me at work yesterday if he'd ever taken the MBPT and he said yes, i'm an INFP! and i would have...
most definitely. trees are so important to me. i will never live in one of those cookie-cutter neighborhoods that are devoid of trees. i even had a favorite tree in college on campus that i would sit...
so it seems that you also maybe feel that your ISFJ kind of had this patient quality of taking care of you, of bolstering you when you got too emotional to handle something yourself. that's the...
it's because if something ingenious or insightful (at least to us INFPs) pops in to our head, even if it's off topic, we HAVE to get it out or we will totally forget how we want to word it, or we'll...
I am just fascinated to find out that two of my best friends, as well as my mother, are ISFJs. I just love them to death! They are caring, thoughtful, always remember things like birthdays, and do so...'"


510: 'Yea, I got up enough courage to ask him about that, and he said that was the reason. I guess its because when he does say ookay, its about the subject we are talking about, and that's when I try to...
I'm just scared that I will lose him. I really do love him, I just don't want to become obsessed with him, because that in my opinion would be a major turnoff. And I hope that he loves me too, but he...
Lately I have been getting really weird acting towards my boyfriend (INTP), and I feel like I am getting on his nerves. like when we are talking over the phone, and computer, I keep getting these...
http://www.veryfunnycats.info/wp-content/uploads/2007/02/funny-cute-cats-1.jpg
Humans are not meant to have liters of children, and I hope nobody follows this lady's example, unless they are in a good enough position to support them. But I asked my mother on this and she said...
My two favorites are like classics, Monty Python and the Holy grail, and Dracula Dead and Lovin it!
I want to be that creepy guy in the family that family doesn't like to talk about! Or maybe the crazy granny!:proud:
Flaws: Clingy, paranoid, slow minded, overly emotional, can be a brat sometimes :frustrating:  Strength: Artistic, loyal, good listener, accepting :proud:
I feel like I can relate to the girl in the song, But then again, everyone has had a moment in their life where they felt like nobody cared about them, To me this is one of those songs that everybody...
Can't get enough of it, can ya? :happy:
I know right!! I heard this song a year ago, and I still love to listen to it. :proud:
I LOVE sad songs! <3                               YouTube - Everything Burns (Anastacia ft.Ben Moody) OFFICIAL VERSION                                                                            ...
hmm... let me see...  1. I am very clingy to guys I really love. 2. For some odd reason attracted to sadness  3. Never kissed a guy on the lips  4. Have been hospitalized before. 5. I dropped...
:shocked: I did not know that! (I'm not very smart as you can see)
Hitler could paint?
I like to draw anime!! :happy:  94  93  95
I don't receive many compliments, But I do like it when people find me interesting, instead of weird. :laughing: And I like it when guys give me attention. :blushed: But I get boxes full of...
Thanks everyone, things have worked out great! I am so happy! :happy: It turned out he really needed someone to talk to.
YouTube - Skillet - The Last Night video   Wootz!!
Sounds like an awesome idea! x3
Thanks, You have awesome drawings as well! I really like your way of shading. =3
Well, I'm not quite sure how to explain it, but I will try to do my best, I feel like they judge my actions, the way I look, and mostly what I'm wearing. I am much paler then the other teens who have...
He says he is going to isolate himself from everybody. Yes, Its definitely depression. At the moment, I just leave him messages, and hope he reads them. @_@  I will mention to him about seeing a...
Thank you!! ^_^ i do want to be social, but in social situations, i tend to sit away from everyone, and shy away when someone starts talking to me.
Thank you cryptonia, I really like your idea, but it is very risky, but we are both home schooled, he lives on a base, we are both kinda recluses. The only way I can see actually being able to see...
Ah, I love anime. I always wanted to make my own story, if only i wouldn't get so bored with it after a couple of days. @_@  But yea, anything to do with drawing has interested me. But I have only...
Thanks, yea i try to hard lolz
Thank you for understanding. =3 Its good to get advice from people who understand the situation. ^_^
Ah thank you!!! x3 But may i ask how do I pursue my dream without the proper education?
30  31  32  33  34
WAHH YOUR SO GOOD x3 I like to draw the japanese style of cartoons =3 The detail i admire, your hands are awesome x3 and teh eyes are beautifful. :happy:
I am currently being home schooled, which I have found to be a very bad idea. I was in high school, and at any chance i could, would go to the guidance office. I have panic attacks, that are starting...
Yes, he said he didn't want to hurt people anymore, As if we were suffocating because of him. I believe that being a recluse can cause damage your mental health.  I feel like, if i lose him, then i...
The conversation was over a messenger, and yes me and him are both 16, the reason he told me that he would withdraw was because he didn't want me to blame it on myself, I guess he was trying to make...
I would be sitting on a bench, trying to draw a picture. Tis fun to draw!
A really good friend of mine has decided to shut himself from society, This was a result of some earlier events, He is a INTP, and i thought the best source was to ask a fellow INTP. He says it is...'"


585: 'I liked the movie. It was entertaining and the actors were pretty good. My main complaint is that the ending was too predictable. It was obvious that David had taken Walter's place.
Warmth 1.7
Fringe Vikings Star Trek: Enterprise Smallville Grimm Vampire Diaries Gotham AHS: Murder House Game of Thrones Merlin
I'm an ENFP and I prefer Tobey Maguire. I did not watch the movies with Andrew Garfield. Tom Holland is a good Spider-man, but Homecoming was meh.
Spiderman: Homecoming. It was fine. Tom Holland is convincing, but the movie was just ok.
Athos: ISTJ D'Artagnan: ESFP Porthos: XSFP Aramis: ESTP Constance: ESFJ Milady: ESTP Cardinal Richelieu: INTJ
I don't know if they have already been mentioned, but I think that Luke Skywalker and Rey from Star Wars, Thea Queen from Arrow and Jeremy Gilbert from The Vampire Diaries are ISFPs.
No, I have never been arrested and I hope it will never happen to me.
Mum: ISFJ Dad: ESFP
Thank you everyone!
Happy New Year everyone! :wink:  My name is Audrey, I'm 25 and I'm an ISFP. I love personality tests, science-fiction (Star Wars), fantasy (Tolkien) and books.
Charles Xavier (X-Men)- Enfj  Luke Skywalker (Star Wars)- Isfp  Lois Lane (DCEU)-Enfp  Lois Lane (Smallville)-Estp  Obi Wan Kenobi- Infj
Alternate Olivia Dunham (Fringe) Ginny Weasley (Harry Potter) Meg Masters (Supernatural) Selina Kyle (Gotham. She might be an ISTP) Sydney Fox (Relic Hunter) Jenny Mills (Sleepy Hollow)
She is an ESTJ.
1/Belle 2/Elsa 3/Mulan
INFP and true neutral.
Hi!  Grimm Fringe Merlin E.R. Rome The Librarians My Mad Fat Diary The Musketeers
I took the test three times and I got Entj everytime. It's a surprising result for me, because I usually type as Entp or Intp.
39% intp  18% enfp  14% istp  12% entp  7% infp
Shingeki no Kyojin, One Piece, Junjou Romantica.
Pleased to meet you too Clyme :happy:.
Thanks for the warning :wink: and thank you for the welcome post :-).
Bonjour everyone :happy:.    I'm Audrey and I think I'm an Infp (not sure yet :rolleyes:). I've joined Personality Cafe to discover more about my type and about other types.    PS: Please...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpVV9jShEzU
Introverted: 82%/ Extraverted: 19%  Sensing: 64%/ Intuitive: 36%  Thinking: 50%/ Feeling: 50%  Judging: 68%/ Perceiving: 32%
Istj, Slytherin.
Mom: Isfj Dad: Isfp
I think she is an Istp.
Istj
Type 1: 32  Type 2: 7  Type 3: 15  Type 4: 24  Type 5: 37
1/Amelie 2/V for Vendetta 3/The Colour Purple 4//Lord of the Rings trilogy 5/The Curious Case of Benjamin Button 6/Kill Bill vol.1 7/Grave of the Fireflies 8/Man of Steel 9/Star Wars movies
14 per minute.
E: 2 I: 21   S:9 N:14   T:20 F:4
INTP, type5, only child.
Neutral good.
I'm an Intp and a Leo.
Ideal type:  Estj; Real type: Intp
Hello everyone.  My name is Audrey and I'm 22. After hours and hours of research, I've decided that I am an INTP (not entirely sure though).  I'm almost always in my head, thinking about various...
Hufflepuff.
INFJ, blue eyes
I'm a considerate thinker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nT5deeGfC8o
My eyes are blue and I am an INFJ. I have central heterochromia (blue and green)
The MegalomaniacAmbitious, Intelligent, Calculating  http://cdn.okcimg.com/php/load_okc_image.php/images/0x0/0x0/0/8374314928934135453.jpeg___1_500_1_500_cb94de6a_.pngThe Megalomaniac is the most...
22
I'm a Leo and an INFJ
Hello! Welcome ^^
-People who don't knock before getting in my room  -Injustice -People who don't accept that people don't agree with them. -People asking me why I am so calm and why I am so introverted.  People who...
Hi! Welcome :-)
French version: Voilà, ma petite Amélie, vous n'avez pas des os en verre. Vous pouvez vous cogner à la vie. Si vous laissez passer cette chance, alors avec le temps, c'est votre cx9cur qui va devenir...'"


733: 'He sounds confused about his sexuality, and possibly ashamed. I think you should tell him how you feel, and then see how he reacts. Maybe give him a certain amount of time to figure stuff out, and...
Sure, I'd say invite him:wink: Dunno how long have you known him...meeting the family would make me personally kinda nervous and apprehensive...but depends on how well I'd know you.  If it was me,...
I think most people have felt alone at one point or another, so that's already something that you have in common with humanity :happy: But I understand, feeling like that every day sucks.  Trying to...
Thanks, Bear.  One of my biggest fears is being a nothing, or being unimportant to someone I care about. Ironically, I make it come true on my own.  My defence is withdrawal from everything,...
What do you think is the hardest thing to overcome for your type? Other types? How do you see yourself when you're at your best?   For the first question, I'm a 9 and for me it would be:  being...
I watched Amelie Luck is like the Tour de France. You wait, and it flashes past you. You have to catch it while you can.  *Sigh* :proud:  Funny movie, and I could find similarities with...
I was just wondering why do people get uncomfortable when there's silence...why does silence have to be awkward? I mean, I understand, when there's too much of it, you don't really get to understand...
Is there such a thing as kynesthetic intelligence? Or intelligence in action?  I value emotional the most, especially in myself, am impressed with mental, and am a bit indifferent about...
Nice song, Silhouetree!  YouTube - Bat For Lashes - Whats a Girl To Do YouTube - Garbage - Cherry Lips
I wanted to sing opera. I auditioned at home constantly, when no one was there. (I still do, just in the shower:crazy:)
If the aliens ever come to Earth, they will probably go to the U.S. first.
I still don't really know what's my type precisely, but learning about MBTI in general is interesting. I wouldn't say it's been majorly useful for me, mainly because there are a lot of underlying...
YouTube - Sakamoto Ryuichi - Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence (Live)
This song plays with my insides. :) Well, a lot of songs do, but this does majorly. Not even the words of the song, but the whole background, it's just ideally designed to play with your insides,...
Her voice is beautiful, close to perfect I'd say, if there is such a thing :wink: YouTube - Andain - You once told me YouTube - Andain - Beautiful Things
Saw Sin Nombre. Was really really good! Me recommends!
YouTube - Russell Peters - Beating Your Kids
I got into a long and pretty strong argument today. What I realized is how freeing it can be. Pretty contradictory, no? But it's true. I'm pretty proud of myself too cos I stood my ground, and didn't...
Shoot, I knew it was 48!  Understand life in general and its purpose? Understand yourself? Understand people?  Why Mongolia?
Haha...Cheater!! :D 1. Nope. But good try. 2. Nope. I lived there for a while though.  3. Yes. 4. Get outta my head!  5. Nah, it's about a shepherd who goes on all kinds of adventures in hopes...
Release thy powers! :laughing: What's my favorite thing to do? Where did I grow up? What sport could I 100% beat all members on here at? Ha! :D What kind of pet am I thinking about getting?...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGv7BXBW9S4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yF-GvT8Clnk
:crazy:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJc64xncBt4
Hmm... I know that for me the more I pressure myself, the less I actually talk, because I freeze up and my mind goes into mumble jumble.  What helps me is to focus just on one thing: the...
Been listening to this song a million times   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psHGKVVcHa8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzP5_Ey77dc   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIG9gIlsBM4
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwTNT6J2v94  Never mind the clip^    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sh08XGBE8qc&feature=related
..True....
I like the last one the best. I draw people too, just from real-life, and more photorealistically.
I'm no guard, but I value it too. :)   Sincerely,  The Pokemon
I dunno what the hell nice guy means...I'd suggest you to not put yourself into some bullshit labels. But I can tell you 100% that being good-hearted and respectful to any woman who has some...
Pretty cool, Deadhorace! Are they from your imagination or are they real people?
I havde a miilion things, but first anf foermosr-  lesarn love myselt fuLLy!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knraWGPkikE pretty cool, no?
I think it's the best thing that's ever been on TV. Can't wait for the one that comes out in April in theatres.  Just wanted to share :)
My head has already been on fire for years now, so, I'd rather have something more cool and soothing.  And I already started thinking when I was in my diapers.
Thanks a lot, cryptonia! That was very helpful! I didn't mean to imply that Ti and Te are similar. I know Fe and Fi is very different, from my point of view, so I always figured that Ti/Te should be...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEApf_FT25M
Advice?  Also, how would you, xxTx's, describe your Te/Ti function?  I know that not taking things personally is one suggestion...but how? How do you do that? The only thing that I have found...
When I first learned about MBTI, I kinda got excited about it, and tried to tell people I know, but no one seems to be interested.  Maybe it's good that not all people get into it.
I thought NT's would like to live in Roman Empire times :happy:. What would you think you'd do there? Maybe even Ancient Greece would be even more of an NT idealized place, especially INTP...or maybe...
Carrot juice makes me sick, just for the reason that I associate it with some negative experiences. I tried to do an experiment on myself a few times, and see if I still get sick from it, and I do....
Sorry you had tough times... Yes...the last time I moved was about a year ago actually. From the West coast to the East coast of US.  Do you think you associate your surroundings with your...
Hmm...do you think, in a more global sense, that the past was better or today is better? I mean, would you rather live, for example in the Roman Empire times, or today....or in the future?
Sometimes I run, yes...but I can't run forever, usually I just run into a brick wall, which forces me to deal with some things that I'd rather not deal with.  Mostly though, I don't run...It's...
I was thinking today...Was going through some old pictures, which brought up memories and I realized that I have a negative view of the past. I rarely, if ever, get sentimental about the good old...
One of my best friends is ISFJ, and she's awesome. Very, very warm, accepting of me, good listener, and we have a lot of fun together. We get really silly around each other, that happens with me and...
*walks in, sees some peltless naked bears running around and doing belly dancing. Almost faints and runs* :laughing:
http://www.hulu.com/watch/19272/saturday-night-live-two-a-holes-buying-a-christmas-tree
I was just browsing the net, trying to find ISFP-specific forums, but there seem to not be any. Anyone know what's the dilly with that? :happy: I'm actually not surprised if ISFP's actually don't...
To be the best that I can be, and be happy about little things. Sounds kinda corny I guess :proud:, but it's actually pretty meaningful to me.'"


736: 'If you have other questions that could help you figure out my type then feel free to ask  Barbara in my username is because I like Barbie and her real name is Barbara , and I like electronic music...
I wrote wrong , I act like it doesn ' t bother me , sorry
my adobe flash player doesn ' t work
673314  673338   673346  673330
you are the kind of person who helps others without noticing it .
thank you very much : ) it ' s really helpfull
a ) I like harmony and notice immediately the dynamics in relationships between people . As an example , in my last job in a call center a girl smoked and had really bad teeth , I talked to people...
thank you I didn ' t know sorry
Strange test . My result was :   673154
why ? Is it possible to know why ? I hope it wasn ' t because of the discussion about spamming and entj
I always balanced with material things like smoking . As a smoker , I would study and smoke and so on . Then , as I stopped smoking , I would eat comfort foods out of stress . I used also to have...
I stayed in my city instead of moving away and stopped smoking and my health improved , I wouldn ' t have stopped if I decided to move away I think   Sometimes funny coincidences happen to me , an...
I would not expect to hear :  you really worked hard , you gave up all fun and relax in order to do this , it was hard but it brought great results , congrats 
people always told me to be more quiet while speaking , maybe because of misophonia
because I like it , and because in Italy the other subjects in my city aren ' t appealing to me , I would have had to move in another city and pay the rent if I had choosen translation . I would have...
in Italy there are a lot of lawyers and most of them have relatives that can help them so no , you can ' t make a lot of money from that in Italy , except you sacrifice everything to study it in a...
I like it , but I prefer other types of music .
What are the things which you would not expect to hear said to you , things that would be extremely rare or just never are told to you ?  I copied this from the infp forum :...
I think I ' m isfp but there ' s also the possibility I ' m infp . I had both results in online tests , among other results .  Anyways I would not expect to hear :  you really worked hard , you...
I use to think about funny coincidences in language . Example , on a diet forum the girls often write  I think  and I think about the word thin which is contained in  I think  lol . It ' s maybe...
thanks because of the grammar correction  I meant you study mbti very good and seem at least emotionally involved in school and write a lot about it and mentioned your teachers in one post so I...
feel free to ask questions thank in advance
entj because writing short posts is not spamming and you ' r acting like a policeman moderator without legitimacy . Also because you like to study things and give people directions about what do to...
other isfp ' s or dreamers and creative people I think
strong feelings and emotions . And calling more than once a day . Even once a day is too much .
Lazyyyyyyy .
I think by taking action and do things in time , not procrastinating and be more active .
I just think sometimes it ' s also health related . The isfp type might let people stress them out to much without noticing it , and they should go for walks or take more care of their physical...
Every day , we think our lives pass before our eyes without seeing how our thoughts influence our reality all the time . While thinking we don ' t live enough , we already live in the meanwhile . It...
I usually use this informing style when I don ' t know what to say , maybe he just wanted to talk or wanted you to tell him to buy the bread together , or he wanted you to tell him to buy the bread...
I like asking questions instead of answering them , and often small talk doesn ' t bother me . I like people who make me laugh .
I don ' t draw much even if I think it ' s funny . I write sometimes . Anyways I wanted to say there are real good artworks here .
it ' s gorgeous
I think some isfp ' s aren' t artist in the conventional way , they might be creative in their thoughts without expressing themselves that much in real life
I know what to avoid : call center , selling things , trying to convince people to buy something you don' t like that much .  Anything independent is good .
I answer generally that it changes during time , I was used to accept one night stands and relationships bored me , but then I stopped wanting physical contact years long
I see people saw you as an intj in the mistyping game lol funny coincidence , it ' s similar to the type I mistyped
enfp
trying to change them by giving the good example , often without success  ignoring them and their sounds    what is difficult is to not show them you have a problem and being fake , I ' m not...
I personally think it ' s so mean that it ' s really good sarcasm . The path of symbols , as I thought was meant , could be the attitude the isfp has when dealing with other people and taking for...
I just found this  : http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/1032586-what-each-myers-briggs-personality-type-has-trouble-admitting-themselves.html ,  I think this quote might apply to me :  ...
what ' s the type in your opinion ?
thanks that ' s nice from you : ) thanks for typing me  yes I ' m a little obsessed but now I stopped dangerous behaviours I had thanks to an online community about eating disorders and my weight is...
thank you that makes sense lol :D
Thanks that ' s really helpfull , I think both have aspects that are similar to the aspects of how I feel , it will be difficult to decide : D
I had the isfp result and then infp in another test , the first one through 16personalities.com , the second one through  Keys to cognition  , does anyone else had both results ?
Cool that ' s one subject I was not very good at in school . Why not the sight ?
Cool that ' s one subject I was not very good at in school . Why not the sight ?
I had :   Summary Analysis of Profile By focusing on the strongest configuration of cognitive processes, your pattern of responses most closely matches individuals of this type: INFP  ,  Lead...
the thing about seeing bigger picture is part of the default  anyways I would like you to type me if you have questions , maybe I ' m not any of them but something else'"


744: 'I am appalling at art. I enjoy looking at some art...particularly photography and very...real art. Like...portraits and nature and that sort of thing. Photography is the best though :) I take...
I'm like that :P Though what I find hilarious is that say I have a t-shirt or something that has really good memories...I keep it forever....my mum gets annoyed and secretly throws it out. I am...
Yes INFPs have dominant Fi like ISFPs :P   I do that too XD I have boxes of old school books and drawings from the 90s. So good XD
As in...you keep stuff that had meaning 10 years ago? Spend a lot of time reminiscing? Freak out at the thought of moving house because of all the memories you'll leave behind? Have boxes/piles/etc...
I often find I'm attracted to (romantically?) extroverts. Or at least...extroverted in the popular sense which 9 times out of 10 translates to MBTI extroversion.   Most of the guys I have liked...
I literally just started the book (still very near the opening...) but Valjean is definitely as SJ of some sort. I'm tempted to say he could be a T...not sure though. It'd be interesting if he was an...
I had a question like this a while back. It's so interesting to see what people post :D  I like all kinds of characters...but I tend to prefer characters who are really depressed/angry/evil/morally...
I was going to start this thread months ago but I figured I'd wait till the movie came out so that a wider group of people know what I'm on about :) I can't believe I couldn't find a thread on it. ...
I find it fascinating that so many intuitives and sensors say that they don't relate and stuff. Sensors getting irritated with intuitives and vice-versa. I've never found that a problem. I've never...
I really don't know. But (from the movie...it's been years since I've read the book) he struggles in some ways to really understand Leslie at first.  He has no issue with the imagining but he...
I don't honestly know a lot about the guy...but he's definitely Fi dom and some kind of enneagram 4. I think that 4ness would make him appear more like an INFP.  Just cause he was in a band...
What types are the characters from Bridge to Terabithia? It's such a great book/movie :)  My guesses:  Leslie: ENFP  Jess: IxFx - I've seen a lot of people say INFP but I dunno...I need some...
I disagree actually. You did say most but Hermione (a typical ISTJ) was nearly a hat stall...she was very close to both Ravenclaw and Gryffindor. Mcgonagall was a hat stall - tied between...
Hahaha that's awesome :)  I always find it interesting how fiction can (most of the time) be so good that people can debate no the best characters etc. How people can feel really strongly about it...
Are the characters you are drawn to similar to you (ISFPs perhaps?) or completely different. Why? Just for my own/others curiosity.  For example, I find myself often liking characters that are...
After watching the movie and re-reading sections....Charlie is an INFJ.  He thinks more about others than himself. He's been through a lot and I think an INFP (Or Fi dom in general...I know I'm...
The thing about Hogwarts houses is that anyone can go anywhere really. There'd probably be fewer of some types in some houses but the types don't correlate very well with houses :(   Shame really....
Interesting one. I hope someone comes up with a good answer. I found this though http://personalitycafe.com/isfp-forum-artists/110160-can-someone-help-me-nifi-loops.html if that is of any help. It...
Haha I am often criticised on my impracticality and ideas. My parents/family are constantly telling me to stop with my stupid ideas about the world...that I live in a fantasy world and need to get...
I'm re-reading the book...still only in the first few chapters but the way Jane acts really is very INFJ. Funny I never noticed it before. Anyway. Jane is an INFJ.  I can't decide on Helen. She...
I've been trying to type them for a while...and I'm procrastinating three exams so here we go.  My current guesses are:  Mum: ENFJ...also probably a enneagram type 2 of some sort. Dad: INTJ...
Perks is such a good book :)  Charlie: INFP? He's a tough one I think. Sam: I actually have no idea. ESFx? Not sure what she is actually.  Good thread. Hopefully someone really good at typing...
Hahaha Luanne that was the funniest thing I've read for a while XD   Yeah the lines are always blurry. The monster placing us in boxes has failed to realise that the boxes are next to each other,...
I am in the exact same situation. I test as a sensor, but feel more like an NF.   But remember...the type descriptions are pretty much irrelevant - it is more about functions/etc. than anything...
A little right...but depends. Problem is that the line is so blurred these days. Politicians rarely seem to stick to left or right. Either way politics sucks (at least it does where I live...)
I hang with heaps of intuitives...and to be perfectly honest I've never felt different from them. I guess at times they explain things that I don't get...but then a lot of sensors explain stuff to me...
Haha interesting thread. I love heaps of different movies. Always been very attracted to fantasy...as a kid I was 394% obsessed with Harry Potter. Nothing changes really XD But I like other stuff....
As a general rule the bad-guy always just needs a hug :D  Do you have any ideas about other characters?  I was thinking about Frodo...could be an INFJ I guess...though I don't see him as being...
Jane: I thought she would be an INFP? Rochester: ENTJ? Or maybe ENTP? Strikes me as an ENTx of some kind. You could make an argument for a damaged/depressed F? St John: IxTJ. Probably S.   Don't...
Faramir is definitely a favourite of mine...and I always related to him so I'd definitely say an Fi dom. INFP seems right...possibly an ISFP (it would be nice to have an awesome character...) but...
liza_200 the strange gap is caused by closed minded people. And they can be of any type. Differences are a part of people...imagine how boring it'd be if we were all the same? But anyway. Many of...
liza_200 I can see your point...but doesn't that imply that many sensors who don't know about MBTI will ostracise Ns? I suppose I can see that point of view.  I don't know if this is going to be...
I wouldn't even know where to begin in terms of actually helping you. I'm terrible at this sort of thing :S But if nothing else...remember you aren't alone. I for one look at that list and see at...
There's probably already a thread but I couldn't find one so anyway. What types are the Lord of the Rings/Hobbit characters? Based off the book, but the characters were pretty much the same in the...
Hahaha yes Wizards are cool. And witches. :) And of course they're all real.
Very true :P But none of us are Unicorns...because as unfortunate as it is, they don't exist. But there are birds, tigers, cats, dogs, lions, guianan cock-of-the-rocks and ants. :)
liza_200 there is no problem with the descriptions you said at the beginning. It is just irritating to see typing going on based on things like intelligence, creativity etc. It is just the...
ouroboros you get it :) I guess it was more me getting irritated at the stereotypes. Of course the statistics come into it and tht's why the stereotypes happen in the first place. No type is better...
My point in a nutshell. Thank you my friend.
Maybe an I?? He seems more I than E. That would make him an ISFJ I suppose.
You totally hit the nail on the head. By what reckful is saying, it is as if the statistics are more important than the actual MBTI theory in itself. Does that imply I'm an N and reckful is an S? ...
I re-read the book the other week and I agree - ESTP. I initially thought perhaps ESFP - he's very confident and bubbly, but he seems to definitely be more of a T than an F based on how he makes his...
I went through that myself. I was initially really keen when I found out my type, I thought it fitted me pretty well. Too much reading on PerC caused me to question that, and I then fell into the I...
I guess these are all the cool people on PerC :P It is bizarre how MBTI has so many people stereotyping. Maybe that's why many people who don't know much about it think it's so stupid?  I agree...
Basically everything I've been irritated with. I find it strange that people think like this because if you type (or attempt to type) people in real life...you see that no type is better than...
Yeah I really do get that impression. A lot of people in the ISFP forum don't really seem much like ISFPs...they're just artistic and therefore decide they're ISFP. I assume it's the same in a lot...
I'm just genuinely curious...why is there so much talk in typing with the stereotypes of N and S rather than what it actually is?   It's about how you take in information right?  So why all...
I'm new to typing but....just gonna throw this out there....I always saw him as more an Fi kinda guy?
I was wondering...what does everyone think of Haymitch???   I'm tossing up between ISTP/INTP.   Definitely a T. Probably an I...Could be an E but he's obviously totally damaged from his time in...
Thanks guys. I guess I have to resign myself to the fact that I don't fit it perfectly lol. But yeah.  ISFP is good. Just a lot of the really sensory stuff confuses me a bit. And the annoying...'"


888: 'lol I saw another video where a girl put a knife in her friend's mouth. Talk about crazy..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzjU7p7O3d8&amp;index=9&amp;list=LL8LoxyF7BEOuBo96  L5ae6-Q  First 21 seconds: I think the girl on the right is xSTP leaning towards I.  Girl in the middle is ISFP.  Dont...
My ISTP friend always spoke to me in the past of this recurring nightmare he has about some demonic being dragging him down three flights of stairs in his house into the first floor bathroom and then...
My body constantly fidgets. They're the really violent kinds with rapid movement over and over. Its truly a bad habit for me. If my legs, feet, toes, arms aren't moving I need something in my hand....
All you can eat buffet.
This might be my first and last time using an analogy. I think it really fits the situation you're in though. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink..............unless you're an...
*reads all posts by theMindReader*...  Dude...what the f...?
When instead of turning on the fan/AC you just stare at it with a blank face. Then when you get up to do something, you completely forgot and missed your chance.
-When you talk I just picture myself jumping off a cliff. -I just watched a three hour special of The Cosmos on PBS. It was so short. -I feel like having a long heated debate about irrelevant...
That happens to me a lot. Its better to talk to them so you dont come off as arrogant or snobby in my opinion..unless they can tell you're shy.
-F**k music... -F**k art... -F**k visual arts in particular...
-Morals?...ethics?...LOL! The heck is wrong with you? Someone about to get slapped!!! -(sees disturbing image)They're just people. -(sees disturbing image)They're just animals. -(sees disturbing...
Sorry to hear that too. I knew an xSTP that used to cut herself so i dont think its type related.
Fe users also tend to have the most beautiful smiles no matter what gender. Their eyes will always smile with their mouth.
152946152954 Im not too happy with the first one but it was my first real experiment with gel ink and cross-hatching. Second one was gestures. You can see them better if you click on it or open in...
Yes. agreed all the way.
Yeah i fixed mine too and elaborated some more. You being hypothetically more logical is debatable. Im very grounded :P
Try telling that to the ISFP-ENTJ marriage relationships.   ENTJs are opposite in letters. INTPs are opposite in functions. None of this should even matter. Time and time again you always hear its...
Friendly? Yes Kind? Yes Passionate? yes Cocky? No  I take it you thought i was hitting on them. My only intentions were to acknowledge them if they were in my presence. Im actually pretty...
When you snort sugar into your nasal cavity. My ISTJ friend did that once in highschool. It was hilarious yet shocking.
Three of my sisters friends had a hard crush on me just because i looked at them or smiled at them or even walked by. An xSTP girl i knew liked me since the sixth grade but never made a move becuase...
I might've met one at work a long time ago. The attraction between us seemed mutual.
Thats exactly how i am word for word!
Ouch. It definitely sucks to be a 6 sometimes.
From my experience its pretty decent.
Well..for me i had to try to remember things in order to prevent my anxiety. Like what you said earlier about birthdays and being punctual. But it was more about things like jobs and other practical...
Im sure not all of us are. My memory used to be pretty good when it came to stuff that actually mattered. It might be an enneagram thing in my case. Idk what my ennegram type is anymore (used to be a...
I see. Dont worry about those people. If they dont appreciate honesty, then living in denial will blow up in their face. Reality will hit them hard sooner or later and theyll ditch the people with...
Umm..well. i think my IQ is like 101, which is nothing and i do try to be an honest person. But im trying to understand why you spoke about smiling in the moment and then not smiling and being...
What?...
Do you even lift?  lol jk
My ISTP friend is currently addicted to LOL. Everytime he texts me back every couple of hours its Yo, my bad i was playing league. This game so addicting.   He's a big gamer. Everytime we play...
When your friends and family will never know how much you actually love them. And when youre drunk, you wanna tell them, but it never comes out because Fe feels so unnatural.
Definitely :)
When it takes you a fraction of a second to know who's entering your room just by the way they open the door lol
Yeah i suspected INFP for various reasons but didnt wanna say anything to offend.
Yeah, for SPs I find it useless to plan cuz nothing ever goes accordingly. Its better to just make it up as we go. The fun part is seeing the end result and the weird thing is we excel in improvising...
Not really robotic. More like 'unorthodox' in my opinion.
I like your thinking style. Don't worry 'no commitment' is my middle name:happy:...actually I dont have one... But in seriousness I think anyone who can read can tell can tell you're very smart but...
I love you all. Hang in there @FiguringItAllOutAsAlways *worship music making me really emotional right now*
Agreed with uncertain. That unfortunate to hear about your disorder Chanceitboy1998. If you have any troubles perceiving and you believe yourself to be an ISFP i recommend viewing posts and asking...
Oh no thats awful =( Apparently the poor guy just wanted to be alone for a while. Thanks for the article I'll keep that in mind. Although heightened-paranoia comes naturally anyways lol
Oops..sorry..didnt know you responded.   But that was acutally a joke, I dont have a policy XD   Im a big fan of situational humor though!...anything really. And to be honest I may not make...
You are welcome to join me on my journey if you wish. I only have one policy. Funny jokes are required.
Only disagreed with second to last paragraph. Instead of imagining I actually plan on doing it in the near future...to be a naomad that is. I'm nearly equiped to the tee with the very minimal gear I...
My eyes! X.X
Just realized a hierarchy will always exist as universal law be it natural, or supernatural. The same can be said about balance.
For christians  Not really abstract, but sometimes I wonder how the fallen angels must've looked like before they were casted out of heaven.   Also...if God is the king of kings, lord of lords,...
Kay.. :sad:
Yeah, agreed with everything too. Also Ferroequinologist is very knowledgeable about being in the grips and linked an article which unfortunately due to heavy procrastination I still havent gotten...'"


928: 'My love language is quality time. So while I don't necessarily expect regular quality time with casual friends, I do expect that out of my close friends and I definitely expect it from a lover....
My very best friend is an INTP. We've been best friends since 2nd grade and we're now almost 30. She's more like my sister. But I think it's because we've grown up together, that we really know how...
My boyfriend is an ISTP. We are six months in and it has been really good since we have a lot of the same hobbies, and he is a good man, and we have strengths that really do compliment each other....
1. Small talk. If I just meet you and want to be your friend, I want to skip the month's worth of So, where were you born? What's your favorite restaurant? Blablabla. I just want to skip to the...
I have a confession to make. I farted in class, and let my 9th grade students blame each other.
I care what I wear, but I don't always follow the latest fashion trends. I like things to be a little bit whimsical. I like natural fivers and organic looking shapes, I don't like things that look...
I'd prefer face-to-face communication, or I will call. I feel like a lot of information gets lost when you communicate with just texting, and so many people rely on texting or hide behind it to...
I'm an ISFP and I hate casual sex or short term dating. I prefer to be either single or committed. Also don't like shopping for the latest fashion trends. I don't follow fashion trends, and I'd...
Elephants.   1. Elephants Are Family-Oriented. A matriarch controls each and every elephant herd; they adhere very strictly to this family unit. 2. They recognize themselves in the mirror. They...
I will take it once and awhile if I'm feeling stressed out to help me sleep. But I only take it on a Friday or Saturday night when I know I can turn off my alarm and allow my body to wake up...
Depends on the tasks you're being assigned. Even a fast food restaurant can have a professional atmosphere, it can manifest itself in being courteous to customers, keeping things clean and running...
Yikes, we're not an exclusive club, haha. The reason why MBTI can work is because no one is strictly limited to a specific type... Different rooms in a house, and you can travel to different rooms,...
Yes. I teach high school and have to be a leader for my students. It isn't a natural role for me, and my first 3 years of teaching were brutal. It took a while and I had to learn the skills needed to...
I'm 27-- Once or twice a week. With small groups of friends and/or coworkers. I hover between I/E though. When I was younger, I went out less. I'm becoming more extroverted with age, possibly because...
I only have one friend who is an ISTJ. We get along well because we enjoy doing a lot of the same stuff. He wanted to date me for the longest time before realizing it just wouldn't work, ahaha... He...
.
When people are on their phones while with company. To me this says I'd much rather talk to the people on my phone versus talking with the people who are actually present. My friends are actually...
I used to think I was an INFP for the longest time, because both my parents are Ns. But, as I moved out and became my own person it was very clear that I've always been an S. The difference was...
That sounds a lot like me. When I really have strong feelings for someone, my actions are determined by whether or not I sense they feel the same way about me. If I sense that it is unrequited, I...
It depends on the situation and how comfortable I am with the other people. For example, at my schools holiday staff party, I stayed mostly quiet. It's not that I'm not participating, I just prefer...
Usually yes, it depends on what is done. If a SO ever becomes physically abusive or cheats on me, he's gone. No second chances. I'm not enabling those choices. For arguments, those are simple, I give...
Usually when out and about with friends, I dress like a hippie with fair trade colorful things like Agan Traders and Global Mamas... But, this is my typical wear now, since I spend most of my day...
I've dated two ISTP's. One when I was very young (19) and it didn't work out because I was too emotionally immature and needed someone who could validate my feelings. I was insecure, and he was not...
Possibly INTP TMLT skip/frolic in public.
I like anything that tells a good story and makes me feel something. I've just finished reading a few books by Sherman Alexie, which I loved because his writing made me laugh and cry at the same...
I have a few friends who are female INTJs and we get along swimmingly and have the best conversations. But I've dated two, and both times it turned out disastrously. I often have a hard time...
I can relate. Our culture today highly values efficiency and an industrious work ethic. ISFP's are slow-moving creatures who like to chew on things for awhile, and often we get pegged as lazy....
Mikazaki movies. I just love the artistry that goes into hand-drawn animation like this. There is something about the fact that a human hand crafted this with traditional methods. I can see the...
Oh, I feel ya. I'm a teacher and it's so difficult for me to assign grades. I hate grading, especially since it's fine arts that I teach. How can you assign a quantity or number to art? How can you...
She's an INTP. We've been best friends since 2nd grade and we're 26/27 now, so she's more like my sister than anything.
Only 7 parents signed up to see me for parent/teacher conferences (the only time I'm okay with parents not taking art seriously as a subject) but I still had to be there for 3 hours. So I drew this....
I was bored during parent/teacher conferences. I had to sit there, but only had 7 parents show up to my booth because I'm just the art teacher. So I made this instead, I'm not finished with it yet,...
I was raking my yard the other day and found this giant oak leaf. I measured it, it was a foot long. Then I ironed it out and framed it. 428698
If you read the books it's a bit more obvious because it's written from Harry's perspective and you can read what's going on in his noggin. I would think he's either ISFP as well, or ISTP (It's kind...
With little crushes I tend to run hot and cold. One week I'll like the man, the next week he's off my radar, and then back again... If I have deep feelings for a man, I will not make a move... I will...
My dad's an ISFJ... It's a very long story, but here are a few contributing factors:  1. He had a stroke two years ago. He still hasn't quite regained all his strength. 2. He's just hit 60, and is...
I felt like that all last year!!! I still feel like this sometimes. Brain fog I call it. I found out it was because I was basically running anemic, because I went to donate blood and couldn't...
1. Yeah, this sounds quite familiar :)  2. Growth. I love seeing things grow and change. I work as a teacher, because I love watching my students grow as artists. I love to garden, because I love...
I thought I was an INFP for the longest time. I guess one of the biggest telling clues is that ISFPs tend to be very concrete thinkers. Even in my art, I have a hard time breaking away into abstract...
When I experience something really negative, I will usually give myself a time limit for how long I can wallow. It's okay to feel sad when bad things happen. If you try and stifle your feelings you...
Who put a stick up your ass? First off, MBTI is not a definitive answer to everything. It's just something fun and interesting to think about, how everyone sees and interacts with the world a little...
SP with ADD and I am a teacher. I can confirm this. Although I never struggled with hyperactivity, I do find I can connect more easily with students who have attention problems. It also helps them...
ISFP with ADD diagnosis. Never struggled with the H. I've gotten better with managing it as I've gotten older, but it's still a struggle particularly when my students are acting squirrelly (half of...
I thought it was just me! I definitely have this problem. My problem is that I tend to go for what is in front of me at the moment. I have  a hard time with online dating, because it just doesn't...
Girls are people too. They have anxieties and fears just like you do. When talking to a girl, you are talking to someone who has stories from her childhood, who has good days and bad days, who has...
The reason I went into art education instead of freelance art is, even as a freelance artist, in order to make a profit you still have to make what other people want. There are two kinds of art: Art...
I don't think gender has anything to do with how good a person is as a leader. I've had an even split of female and male bosses.  Females: First one was okay. Second one was mean and nasty. We...
If I am stressed out, my F just kind of takes over and I'm incapable of making rational decisions. I go into avoidance mode. I get all emotional and overwhelmed and I won't know what to do. I don't...
I'm not much of a poet either. I'm a very concrete, hands-on artist, and poetry is something that is often very metaphorical. I do enjoy poetry though. I love Robert Frost and Edna St. Vincent Millay.
I will answer by quoting one of the wisest fictional characters of all time.  x93Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to...'"


955: 'i just finished his route today, and WOW do you miss out on a lot about him when you're not doing his route, lmao. hes so sweet!! i could be wrong, but im thinking rather than ISFJ using Ne in...
yep! my art blog (i rarely update it so most of the stuff is pretty old haha) is here! and i dont write as often as i'd like to but i do enjoy it :)   someone else on tumblr had said IXFP for him...
no worries! :) what you said makes a lot of sense, though! ill keep it in mind.   i know EXACTLY what you mean, oh my god. im so glad someone else thinks this way!! when i try to pick types for...
i don't think performance in school is necessarily indicative of type? i'm isfp and i got straight As through all of elementary school and didn't get my first C until around 7th grade. my grades in...
i just started this game recently and zen's route is the only one ive finished! here are my thoughts so far:   707 - ENTP  yoosung - INFP without a doubt  zen - ESFP (but i'd consider EXFJ as...
i'd love to read them!! (im on tumblr too, haha!)
hey! i think you're definitely right on allura. i knew she was obviously high Si, but wasn't sure if it was Te or Fe i was seeing from her. your explanation makes a lot of sense!  for shiro, i'll...
i had another thread for this, but i keep changing my mind on their types! id love to hear what you guys think since ive been having some trouble with a few of them!    shiro - INFJ  hunk - EXFX....
can you explain how he's an aux Fi user?
life is strange - nathan prescott  criminal minds - derek morgan  haikyuu - tanaka ryuunosuke  total drama island - duncan  malcolm in the middle - reese wilkerson
i'm still a bit new to the game and havent played everyone, so here are the characters i know enough about to type!   d.va: ESFP  hanzo: ISTJ  junkrat: EXTP  lúcio: ESFP 729 ♥  mccree: ISTP ...
all sensing types share cognitive functions with two intuitive types, and vice versa (ISTJ/ESTJ share functions with INFP/ENFP, ISTP/ESTP share functions with INFJ/ENFJ, etc.)
after finishing the series, i think the only ones i want to change are    lance - ESXP  hunk - ESFP  allura - ESXJ
i've been so pumped for this to come out!!! i'm not too far into it yet but i HAVE to type them    shiro - INFJ  hunk - ESFJ? would love to hear what you guys think about him! he's described like...
i cant think of any specific details that made me think calla was ESTX (ESTP mainly), but i think it was just that she reminded me of a lot of other ESTP characters. i could see ENFP for her, though!...
im halfway through dream thieves right now, so these might change!    blue - XXFP, but probably not ENFP  gansey - ENFJ  adam - INTJ, possibly in a Ni-Fi loop  ronan - ISTP  noah - ISFP ...
ENTJ - Azula (Avatar: The Last Airbender) INTJ - Adam Parrish (The Raven Cycle) ESFP - Bokuto Koutarou (Haikyuu!!), Andy Dwyer (Parks and Recreation) ISFP - Amethyst (Steven Universe)  ESTJ -...
really sorry if there's already a thread on this but i couldnt find one (i actually couldnt find a good list on other sites, either!)  so im wondering, what do you guys do when you have free time?...
Finn: EXFP or ESFJ Rey: IXTP or ISTJ (i can see both Si and Se in her. definite thinker tho) Poe: ESTP? we didnt see much of him -- i was so disappointed! Kylo Ren: ISFP General Hux: ESTJ Maz...
can you explain how he's Fe dom? :0 i had a lot of trouble typing him and didnt feel like estj quite fit so id love to hear why you think that!!
i just finished the lion, the witch, and the wardrobe. gorgeous movie! lucy - INFP or ENFJ peter - ESTJ susan - ISTJ edmund - INXP!! his low Si is so obvious that i was considering istj for the...
that makes sense!! thanks for taking the time to explain it!  ill have to keep a closer eye on ichimatsu as i continue watching. i knew he had Fi in there somewhere, so istj would definitely work!...
aww thanks!!!  can you explain how choromatsu is isfj? ive seen other ppl type him as that before but ive never understood why! (then again i didnt pay much attention to him other than the nyaa...
i dont know the minor characters well enough to type them but ill take a crack at the sextuplets!    osomatsu - EXTP   jyushimatsu - EXFP? 7?  choromatsu - INFJ 1w2  karamatsu - ESFP? ...
i recently finished watching two walkthroughs of the new game firewatch and the characters were pretty hard for me to type! i know there aren't many and that we dont actually ever meet some of them...
Can you change my name to bokuto?
im not too far into this show yet but i have a few ideas for the types of the main characters so i thought id share!    DJ - ESFJ 100%. so much Fe  Stephanie - ESTP  Kimmy - ENTP? not sure! ...
max - INFP chloe - ESXP (im leaning ESFP) kate - ISFJ warren - ENTP nathan - ESTP victoria - ESTJ  joyce - ESFJ for sure david - ISTJ frank - ISTP jefferson - ENFJ, uses Fe to manipulate...
honestly i've never come out of a game with no idea on the types on any characters like this! it's still a pretty new game so i dont expect to get a ton of responses, but i'd love to hear what you...
i've seen a couple threads about life is strange on various websites, but none of them have really had good explanations on the types given to these characters. here are some questions i have:   ...
any thoughts on principal wells? istp?
personally, my mom is enfj and i know an enfj teacher at my school! i don't know the teacher very well but i know my mom and i don't think she's particularly manipulative! and even if she did...
you talk a lot about your desire to help people and general focus on others' needs here, which seem very Fe to me! i think you're probably infj or enfj, but i could be wrong. good luck!
can anyone explain why sapphire is infj and not isfj/istj?
i've always heavily identified with everything about isfp. i've never seen myself as an extrovert and looking into the differences between isfp and esfp, i really lean more towards isfp.   i took a...
okay! i think i agree now! i was pretty sure he was istj before but you've convinced me! :)   those were just guesses! my memory isnt very good and i couldnt really remember their personalities...
True! She's very considerate about MY feelings. I meant literally every other person on the planet when I said that.    I can still try!
I recently had my friend take a cognitive functions test because I was interested in what she'd get. We were pretty sure she was ISTJ before this, but now I don't know. I'll describe a few things...
isfp - acts of service (STRONGLY first) - quality time - physical touch and gifts (tied) - words of affirmation  honestly people complimenting/reassuring/etc me makes me really, really...
why do you think kageyama is an extrovert? and could you explain why you think kuroo is an estp? i can totally see it, i just want to hear your reasoning for it!
burgerpants - istp?
i don't think i've seen a haikyuu-specific thread yet, so here goes! these are just my guesses so a lot are probably off  karasuno hinata shouyou - exfp kageyama tobio - intj sawamura daichi -...
they're very intimidating, honestly!
this is the best thing ive ever read probably. thank you!!!!
ok i don't know a WHOLE lot abt enneagram but here's an update on my guesses  bokuto - ESFP 3w4, maybe 4w3 akaashi - ISTJ 1w9 or 5w6
I know they're pretty minor characters, but im really interested in their types! ive heard a few different opinions on both (enfp, esfj, estp for bokuto and istj/intj for akaashi), but few had...
why do you think he's istp? just wondering!
i'm really interested in hearing other opinions on the undertale character's types!! here are the characters i have a somewhat of an idea on undyne - ESTX? alphys - INXX papyrus - ESFJ sans -...
i'm very surprised how little mbti stuff ive found for total drama island! what do you guys think the characters types are? here are my guesses! Chris Mclean - ENTP Heather - ENTJ/INTJ?  Lindsay...
the ENFP seems to love all animals. she loves all the science surrounding animals and her favorite seems to be big cats (lions, tigers, etc.). she loves domestic cats as well and taking care of them...'"


961: 'Pretty much the same:  - Stuff I've forgot to do or have been procrastinating too long - A song that's playing in my head on repeat very loudly, especially if I don't remember all the lyrics and...
For me is black and white. If I can do it right away, I must do it right away. Otherwise, I end up procrastinating until the last minute and then I have to do it in a hurry (which I hate) plus get a...
It depends on the energy of the situation. If I get the feeling that the person is being talkative but kind and doesn't invade my personal space, then it's fine and I'm comfortable with it. It's...
Do you sometimes think you've sent someone a text message or had a conversation because you think it in your head and actually haven't sent it/had it? Yes, definitely. It's sometimes a little...
You might be walking a little dangerous road here. It's just, questions like Did you miss me? or Do you still love me? get us easily off-balance (don't know if you do this). Those kind of...
Sorry for being such an ISFP but I don't understand the question here :) How would you like her to talk about her feelings?  Just like uncertain said, we are non-verbal. So all the cuddling and...
1. Importance of music: 8 2. Lyrics vs. melody: 6. Lyrics are important, because I want to know what the song is about. But a great song has also good melody/skillfully played instruments. 3....
https://www.motorola.com/on/demandware.store/Sites-Motorola_US-Site/en_US/CONF_SVC_RedirectToAssetImage-Service?rear-color=OP102050&front-color=color-black&accent-color=OP102073&wallpaper=82PA00000115...
Good point there. If being sociable means social skills, for example being friendly, dealing with all kinds of people or solving conflicts successfully, it has nothing to do with being extrovert or...
Yes. This. :proud:  When I started to study MBTI, I thought I was an extrovert, probably esfp. The esfp descriptions never suited me that well but I thought that's because those are rough...
I can definitely relate this point across with confidence -part. Like The Sonderer said, it's very different situation when I'm with people who I know well. With them, I'm relaxed and rather...
This quite old topic caught my eye because I feel that I'm definitely idealistic. I feel very strongly about human and animal rights and environmental issues. I've become very critical when it comes...
This happens for me too. I also may start avoiding those people because I don't want to face them knowing they know too much. It's just too awkward.
Bees. I'm convinced that I'm allergic and if a bee stings me I'm going to die. That has never happened, obviously, because I'm still alive.  Yeah, I know... :crazy:
If this is the case, I wouldn't want my partner to bring my motives to the run into a discussion. I mean, if it's just a thought that passes. But if that male friend really starts bother the partner,...
I was just about to start a thread: Is it typical for ISFPs to sense common awkwardness like it's electricity in social settings? Because I recently went to the party where I didn't know...
I somehow managed to miss this interesting conversation but here's my thoughts:   I'm not an artist but this is true for me in every aspect of creative work.   I find photography to be my...
My thoughts exactly.  On the video he claims several times that ISFPs should turn to their friends for advice how to behave appropriate at social situations. Well... I can be polite and hold my...
You are such a cold and cruel person.  That's what my mom said to me about 15 years ago after we had a fight about some teenage stuff. Yes I remember that still.
Maybe it's the ideals for me too. It feels like completely waste of life to stay in an environment that doesn't match with my ideals.    Exactly. I'm very loyal for those that I love and value. ...
I have this tendency to disappear without an decent explanation when situation turns out to be uncomfortable. It's very difficult for me to tell other people how I'd like the situation to be...
I'm really not sure but I think my mom is Fe-dom (probably ESFJ) and my dad Si-dom (probably ISTJ).  We had troubled times with my mom when I was a teenager. I was quite rebellious and very...
I'm not INFP but I've been reading this topic and for some reason I caught up thinking about your situation a lot. So hope you don't mind if I share my thoughts a little.   So he thinks that in a...
Maybe you should first find out what your dominant cognitive function is. ISFP and INFP share the same dominant function which is Introverted Feeling (Fi). ESFJ's dominant function is Extraverted...
I know that it might seem that I'm not interested in people or that I dislike them. Sometimes that's true but especially with new acquaintances I want to stay a little distant first and observe the...
I feel comfortable around here. Maybe it's the ISFP communication style that I feel is accepting and friendly. Some other types have so straightforward or sarcastic communication style that it makes...
I make plans at some level but I'm not interested in details. I see my plans as options to choose from along the way. And if it's necessary, there's always room for improvising! :wink:  When I'm...
I feel slightly embarrassed but here we go...   - I'm preschool teacher and I can relate to this. At least this is my ideal. So you really CAN and you SHOULD be proud of that! I'm sure that kids...
Your power comes from an ability to sense how things might be and to proclaim this possibility with a great force and willingness to act. You have a tendency to be romantic, and can be an idealist....
I can also relate. I met my husband when I was 19. I think it was relatively easy for me to let him be part of my life. Maybe it was the age, we practically grew up adults together. Or maybe it was...
I'm ISFP, and I believe my mom is ESFJ and dad ISTJ. My parents have been married for 35 years and I think they are quite happy together.  My relationship with my mom has been a rollercoaster ride....
I'm scared when someone pushes me to talk when I feel I have nothing to say. In that kind of situation I feel very uncomfortable and insecure and try to leave as soon as I can.  I might get hurt if...
This seems to be very accurate with me and my ISTP husband.
I think some level of restriction is inevitable in a relationship. Another thing is when it becomes an issue. I mean, you can't expect that you can live like you were single when you are married. And...
Hah, you're funny guy! :laughing:  I've been married for 2 years after 10 years of dating and 8 years of living together. For a long time my husband and I agreed not to get married at all, but we...
Hmm. My pride issues are more like sticking to my guns when debating and not be able to admit until the next day that the other person's point of view might be better than mine... Or if I have...
Personal(ity)  Name? boogel Male/female/trans? female  * What is your Myers-Briggs personality type and for how long have you been reading on personality theory? Not sure about my type....
Hah, I just joined PerC and believe I probably am ESFP so at least one of us is away from having fun and checking out the stats! :D  Seriously, I think that this forum is great because I thought I...
Hah, I just joined PerC and believe I probably am ESFP! :) So at least one of us is by a computer checking out the stats!  Seriously, this forum is great because I think I might be ISFP instead but...
Thanks for the link! Yes it's quite extreme but I definitely can relate to it. I do have a tendency to go into my head and have these thoughts that seem ridiculous the next day when I talk about them...
I'd use some help to determine my type.  MBTI tests keep giving me ESFP as a result. It seems quite ok but I'm not feeling so extrovert that ESFPs are said to be. That's why I've been thinking if...'"


989: 'I don't think sense of vision is necessarily the best approach, because you inevitably get tied up in semiology and linguistics and stuff which may not have that much to do with personality. We...
Hm. I think in terms of performing, specifically, it doesn't really matter what mood I'm in -- the most important thing is that I'm feeling something and can discharge it.  When I'm in the act of...
1.) Artistic - Yeahhh but I don't like this word and haven't ever been comfortable describing myself with it. :P I like making stuff  2.) Rebellious - As others have said: quietly.  3.) Animal...
Some things that have worked for me (cliche, maybe, but don't underestimate their effectiveness):  - Picking up a new skill/hobby  - Going camping  - Volunteering at an animal shelter  -...
^ I actually think cleaning can be pretty thrilling if messiness gets boring :3  Allow me to say something uselessly general: boredom is relative and comes in degrees. For example, sleeping in...
The majority of my close friends are/have been INFPs... the difference I notice most is that I don't have a constant air of melancholy about me (though for other types this can be hard to detect); on...
Breakups for me have typically been very long and slow from my POV and kind of jolting from my ex-partner's... breaking up seems to be less of a problem than moving on, maybe because I'm reluctant to...
I mean I think you can end up talking yourself in loops if you're so individualistic that you won't even acknowledge individualistic as a label/category of person.  But if there's one thing...
Hey. Hi. :) I'm Boxter9.  I haven't been on PerC for a while, and when I was before I was convinced I was an ENTP, which it so happens is actually a super annoying (to me) alter-ego which can...
INFP: quasi-whirlwind relationship that both began and ended far too abruptly. Struggled with closure for a looonngggg tiiimmmeeeee (sometimes I think I still am...?)  ENFP: oh god why did I date...
I've always had the most emotionally powerful relationships with ENFJs, and two in particular come to mind; one is with my father, and the other is with an ex who I lost my virginity to and still...
^^^  http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/16100000/Cute-Kittens-kittens-16124041-1280-800.jpg  No but actually. Whenever I go through something bad I try to make myself emotional and just cry...
I'm also not opposed to people smoking pot. There's no point expending tons of resources getting people to stop, and it can be good for the economy.  I myself smoke only very occasionally, and...
I agree with much of feminism, but like a lot of people I feel like I have to qualify my beliefs in order to avoid being associated with the negative connotation of the word.  One of the main...
1) What differences do you notice?  He (ISFJ) is better dressed, more emotionally serious, MUCH more organized, creates and maintains an aesthetically pleasant, harmonious living space, and only...
I second the Team of Rivals recommendation -- just be warned it's long and takes a while to really get going.  Also, Musicophilia by Oliver Sacks is an intellectual candyland.
In all honesty, I don't mind being friendzoned. Most of the time I'm not sincerely sexually interested in the other party because I have such astronomically high standards for whomever I'm...
1. A finite but ridiculously large sum of money.  2. A finite but ridiculously long life.  3. Infinite croutons. I love croutons.
I was flamboyantly bisexual and self-deprecating in grade school. =P And I skipped a grade so there was no way I ever had a shot at being alpha.  I just... chased girls and randomly kissed boys and...
Heh. This makes it sound like you already have a heart as such, which runs contrary to what the title of this thread suggested. A bit.  Well-developed Fi can give your life renewed energy; if you...
A handful of suggestions... Skill sets that are highly useful, often affordable, and can be built up as hobbies:  - Coding - Playing a musical instrument - Proficiency at a sport - 3D animation...
I'm an ENTP with an ENFP mom and an ENFJ dad. Cool.  My mom scares the crap out of me sometimes. O_O A couple years ago I matched the description of your daughter exactly -- I hated being held...
You may possibly be ENTP, though MBTI is largely applicable to healthy individuals, aka people without factors such as bipolar disorder. When I was going through a bout of severe depression a few...
A profoundly self-absorbed ENTJ with a Ph.D in Physics from Cambridge.  I don't know why, it just seems really scary
I don't like trying to force quiet people out of their shells. I always believed I was highly introverted until really very recently, and when people tried too hard to get me to open up all I felt...
I can smell ENFP from five miles away. You reek of the stuff. :P
Yay! Venting! What is there to whine about today.... oh, I really hate it when I'm hiking in the middle of the woods and have to poop. That really sucks. o.o
crazyeddie I'm not totally sure what most of the advice has been so far because I'm too lazy to read all seven freaking pages on this thread, which is a sign that you're waaay over-thinking this. You...
There are a few different brands of criticism:  1) I'm jealous of you criticism. 2) I think you're too full of yourself criticism. 3) I'm just generally in a bad mood criticism. 4) I...
Elaur make sure your daughter wants to go to an Ivy. If she's independently motivated, good things can happen, plus she would be more likely to be happy once she got there.  Also keep in mind that...
Here's basically what I think about government's involvement in homosexual marriage. Obviously the Rhodes Scholar can say it better than me:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4Z7tl7Vy8U
My dad is ten years older than my mom, and they've been happily married for over two decades. What can I say? My dad took a little longer to get his shit together and that's fine =P I'd hate to never...
A few years back I went to this totally insane party I can barely remember now... everybody was wearing swimsuits and drinking way too much  Unfortunately that was my 6-year-old birthday party and...
Ooh, I'll be a piece of lunch meat that's secretly a Russian sleeper. You won't know what hit you
INFJigsaw thank you for your empathy. :) But to be honest, the guy is still my brother and I still love him even though I haven't seen him in seven years. He has fetal alcohol spectrum from his birth...
Lucas that's an extremely good point to bring up :)  One of my lesbian friends was molested by her grandfather, and no longer feels sexually drawn to men because when she is physically approached...
affezwilling I agree with most of what you're saying, however the line between societal and religious can sometimes be so blurry that there's little point in making a distinction -- particularly...
Siggghhhh  deSouza: 1w2, 7w8, 3w2 sx/sp splashedcolors: 3w2, 5w6, 9w8 Boxter9: 3w4, 7w6, 9w8 saltare: 3w4, 7w8, 8w7 Marzipan01: 4w5, 8w9, 7w6 (sx/so/sp) O_o: 5w6, 3w4, 1w2 Agent Blackout:...
I strive for equality. I don't want to feel like a parent or a child. I find myself taking the lead in social situations though... unless she's just as conversationally adept as I am.
If it's something I'm knowledgeable about I can go pretty in-depth with criticism and compliments, as LimeDegree so skillfully conveyed. Or, out of boredom, I can just say it's fine and move on with...
I like having influence and decision-making power but also strongly value individuality; I like being able to guide a process but not exert too much control. I could definitely see myself in a...
Devin87 I've taken several online classes. If you have decent time management skills it's super convenient; you should be fine  I prefer attending classes. I don't really take notes. :P If anything...
Agent Blackout: 5w6/7w6, 9w1, 4w5, (sx/so/sp) Psyphon: 8w7, 7w8, 4w3/3w4 (sx/so/sp) Jabberbroccoli: 7w8, 3w4, 8w9 (sx/so/sp) Dark Romantic: 7w8, 8w7, 4w3/3w4 (sx/so/sp) Meritocrat: 7w8, 8w7, 4w5...
I was wait-listed by Columbia, which was my first choice, but got into a top liberal arts school with a full ride. Not really holding my breath about getting into Columbia off the list. xD  It's...
I took college-level physics in high school and really enjoyed it, at least after the trig became more intuitive (sucky trig curriculum, meh). What wasn't as fun sometimes was the people, but I...
Supposedly ENTP delight in wordplay, so I was wondering... what are some plays on words you guys have randomly come up with? If you're anything like me they just come to you like epiphanies.  A...
My younger brother is ENTJ and was molested by our older stepbrother when he was seven. My dad is ENFJ and was abused (not necessarily sexually, I don't know details) by numerous stepfathers in his...
Jawz they administered an honest-to-god IQ test for business school admission? Interesting... never heard of people doing that.  Starkindler201 I also tend to look down on IQ tests, but I do think...
Concrete Random, which tells me nothing except that I'm an experimenter. Oh, and I'm not Abstract Sequential so I must not love the world of theory and abstract thought :3  Interesting quiz,...
I'm sorry I said confuzzles. I really don't know how many threads you get from ENTP wondering if they're ESTP; I know the ENTP forum gets plenty of ESTP wondering if they're ENTP. Forgive me if all...'"


1033: 'Favorite Topics: Animals School Others' goals and aspirations and how they ended up where they are Why people do the things they do Psychology Ethics/Morals Movies and TV shows (usually...
Sometimes when I've had an argument with someone or they've just hurt my feelings, I just want to be alone for a while to think about what happened and figure stuff out and get my thoughts sorted....
I wish you could open up to at least one of your brothers, especially if they care enough to approach you when you're crying and want to help you.  I usually don't have this problem because I have...
I can cry with pretty much any intense emotions. If I feel overwhelmed or like I can't do anything right (which happens more often than I'd like); if I'm watching or listening to something that's...
I was looking for Excited today and noticed there's only one E word. Excited is pretty common, but that's how I'm feeling. I'm surprised it's not in there.
The only spotlight I really like is when I'm acting. Like performing the lead role in a play would be fun, or performing a rehearsed speech written by someone else. That I can handle, and I enjoy it....
I'm not like this either. I wear normal clothes, and I'm happy as long as they're comfortable. I don't want to wear something weird that makes me stand out; I prefer to blend in. When I was a kid I...
Haha, Frodo?! Don't you mean Gordo? :laughing: Sad that I know this. :tongue:
If I like a television show or a book, it's usually because I love most of the characters. The ones I can think of right now are: Television: Sawyer from Lost Rachel and Finn from Glee Cappie...
I thought that was an ISFJ thing. :tongue:  I don't really have trouble saying no, as long as I can come up with a good excuse.
Best: Math and English Worst: PE? :tongue:
As long as it's a safe part of town. :tongue:
Yeah, that's pretty much all you're going to get. Enneagram type is supposed to be separate from Myers-Briggs type, as far as I know.
I think it used to be 4, 9, and 6 on this forum but a lot of new members have joined since then. There are some not-so-reliable studies about the correlation between MBTI and enneagram types...
Some of my favorites were already mentioned: Twix, Reeses, M&Ms, Starburst. I also love:...
Me too! I turned 22 on the 22nd of March. :D
Especially in the clip you used, Krillin kind of seems like an ISFJ to me. But Goku is definitely an ESFP, haha!
For me it's not that I want to change my personality, it's that I want to be comfortable enough to just be myself around more people. I like who I am when I'm not nervous; when I'm around people I...
Sanguine Phlegmatic   43 Sanguine, 14 Melancholy, 7 Choleric, 71 Phlegmatic
My best friend is either an ESFJ or an ENFJ.
My favorite season will always be summer! It's the time for goofing around with friends and going to the beach and the river. A lot of my friends who went away to college visit during the summer. I...
It lists a couple of people and then any additional people are listed as others, just like on facebook. I know you only have to click on it but it seems pointless.  Are the smilies for the moods...
I prefer thanks too. I liked how it listed everyone at the bottom. Also, like reminds me of little kiddies on facebook. Thanks just sounds more mature to me. Like works for photos and statuses,...
Are moods gone too? To be honest the new layout is hurting my eyes. Hopefully I will get used to it.
Oddly enough I have become attached to my pet, even though all I ever do is feed him bon bons. :unsure:
I don't typically have this problem, but I do everything last minute and sometimes late. Forgetfulness doesn't help either.
I simply ignore them. I usually feel like I should give them food, but I never have anything with me to give them. I have heard that if you give them money, they'll probably just buy alcohol, so I...
I don't like games where you have to strategize, because I'm terrible at it. I don't mind using my brain, but I don't want to try to predict what's going to happen.  When my family comes to visit,...
I relate to a little bit of each of the types, but not completely to any one of them.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtJDy3WuUQM   Only possibly funny to you if you watch the show Avatar: The Last Airbender:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcIlpeaR48I ...
I'm not sure about the type of cotton, but there's a semi-synthetic material called rayon that I've noticed that's often in the clothes I pick. It's comfortable and soft, and doesn't seem to shrink...
Taking inspiration from others' ideas, I would say: Lizzie - ISFJ, possibly ESFJ Gordo - ISTJ Miranda - ESFP Matt - ENTP Kate - ESTJ Ethan - ESTP  Lizzie's mom - ESFJ Lizzie's dad - ESTP
Oh wait, what about Gibby?! ESFP?
Carly - ESFJ or maybe ISFJ? Freddie - ISTJ - I don't know, I can't think of anything that fits. Sam - ESTP Spencer - ENFP
I agree, alcohol is nasty stuff.  I've never been to a club; I don't think I'd like it. But I've been to dancing parties with my non-drinking friends (where I knew almost everyone), and those...
Yep, same here, especially about the weather. I love my 20-mile drive home from work when it is sunny out; the road I drive on is lined with redwood trees and it is just the most beautiful thing when...
1. Right now I'm half-time at a community college and I work part time as a tutor at a high school and part time as a cashier at a small grocery store.  2. Both, actually. Most of the time I like...
Welcome! I like animals . . . :tongue:
Yikes. Guys like that literally make me sick to my stomach.  It doesn't really sound like you're attracted to him at all.
Not a bad year, but not all that exciting either. Finding out one of my cats has Feline Leukemia, taking Multivariable Calculus -- those were the only bad parts. I gave it a 3 though; nothing...
I have similar problems. I think all you can do is keep trying, until you find someone who will eventually put as much effort into the friendship as you do.
Hello and welcome! I saw some of your posts in the ISFP forum and thought, wow she sounds a lot like me. I guess that's a given since we're both ISFPs. :tongue: Hope you have fun here! :happy:
My mom, who is an ISFJ, likes making art. She's good at it, which is funny because I'm terrible. She's also more emotional and creative than I am, at least in my eyes. She's a fantastic writer, and...
My SJ parents are like this. My dad's work is almost always outside of home so whenever I see him he's usually in play/relax mode. But when he has household business to attend to, he gets it done....
I'm actually the straight-A type, but I have been getting a little bit lazy lately. School is one of the few things I'm completely confident that I'm good at.  I don't always relate to the SP...
A guy who's sweet, funny, and easy to talk to, and of course cute, is attractive.  What disgusts me: bad hygiene, no respect, mean-spirited, etc. Nothing out of the ordinary I guess.  Oh, I'm not...
Yeah, can't really hide blushing very well either. I think that gives me away pretty often.
Well, that's a new one.
1. I'm pretty self-conscious so sometimes I just try too hard to seem aloof, when I really want to interact and be friends with someone. Kind of like what uncreative name described; I assume the...
I relate to all of this! And hooray for happy endings! :laughing:'"


1052: 'i like enfps. they're fun to play with.
im wearing this today. ive been dreaming of hobbit holes.
aw, that's sweet of you to say marktwain. thanks. :)
ravenclaw.
the quiet world by jeff mcdaniel  In an effort to get people to look into each other's eyes more,  and also to appease the mutes,  the government has decided to allot each person exactly one...
isfp here. green is the colour i like most.
this is the great american movie:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7N2Jz1en4w
I'll do it with you! :)
here i am again, being a quacker:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74dZytEqh1w  there's no sound for a little bit in the beginning. ;/
I can touch my tongue to my nose, walk into doorframes mindlessly, and sometimes I write atrocious love poems.
I like bears x 6  & I firmly believe I was buddy holly in a past life.
woo doggie, theres a cute one. boys, boys, boys. on a more serious note, i tend to think about my future, dreams, where I'm going, and how I can apply my values to my everyday life. love is on my...
i was vegetarian for six years & a vegan for roughly seven months. the diet didn't agree with my body so now i eat meat occasionally.
i've been struggling with dp 24/7 for the last six years. i really feel for you. dp cruelly attacks, and can destroy, the human spirit. you can avoid dp episodes by NOT focusing your attention on it....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luL04dSHl54
here's mine: ludosfriend  ive only recently begun to actually log onto this site after a year of completely ignoring it, heh. (also, my name isn't bronwen, it's stephanie.)
um, you can talk about your day, elephants, blue cheese, your favourite book, or a childhood memory. anything. you can just stare at the camera, dance, sing, or attempt a world record.   p.s. it's...
just say what's on your mind at the time. =D
hey isfps, i made a video.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKGNpn7VMGg meow.
wow. i'm not an enfp, but my mother is esfj and i can relate to everything you've written. it's such an awful experience to live with someone who turns nonsense into conflict. i don't have any solid...
kitties, bearded men, daydreaming, observing people on public transportation, staying up late, cartoons, the sea, waking up to the smell of bacon, walkin' everywhere and anywhere, tea, hobbit holes,...
i've been dating an introvert, an infp in fact, for almost a month now. the first few times we hung out i was extremely awkward and held back in conversations cuz i suck at articulating my musings,...
i'm not an infp, but i hope to marry one. or an enfp.
xnfp & istp.
gizmo: fluffy grey kitty who hides from strangers and is generally cautious, especially when new things are brought into the house. favourite past time is staring out the window. only wants attention...
i've been reading a book called overcoming anxiety by helen kennerley that has helped quite a bit, especially after experiencing the worst anxiety-ridden month of my life not too long ago. check it...
my bubble's reserved for a special few, particularly those who don't attempt poking & jabbing it right away. it's difficult for me to freely let people in. i need to trust you first then we can go...
hmmm, infps: they're genuinely curious about others, completely random, and are great partners to explore the unknown with. silence is rarely awkward, even between a newly met infp & i; there's like...
only initially. i'll doubt their feelings for me if they don't and probably move on. ;/
i'm a big ol cuddly grizzly bear.
ive been pursued by extraverts & i recently pursued an introvert for the first time ever. personally ive never had a relationship, mostly my fault because i appear quite aloof when under the spell of...
understand & accept i don't always vocalize my thoughts, show persistent interest, go on random adventures, and share their favourite music/movies/books with me. hehe.
My view on life: In a room full of cupcakes, eat them all! You'll likely taste a few or more dry ones, but don't let that stop ya from conquering the cupcake mountain. :D Keep on eatin' on.
Depending on the intensity, I'll often fumble my words or won't say anything in front of a crush, coming off as cold and totally uninterested when they're in fact on my mind all the time. With that...
you you you you you - the 6ths  :)
Robbie Ferrier from War of the Worlds. *sigh*  http://www.wearysloth.com/Gallery/ActorsC/57127-26663.gif
Soothing, dreamy sounds that either calm my mind or thrust me into my magical little world... Lyrics are pretty important, too, although a plethora of songs in my music collection don't have any at...
Hey guys, your advice was is much appreciated! (: I messaged him on facebook yesterday asking if we were still on for dinner, but he never responded so I've decided to keep my distance from him for...
Hey guys!  I need advice about a certain ENFP I have special feelings for! Would ya mind lending an eye (or two) and help me figure out this boy?!  Sooooo. It all started a month or so ago when...
Tod from the Fox and the Hound & the owl from Bambi! :)
Well, he bluntly expressed his attraction to me last week when we hung out, but he recently broke up with a girl he had been dating for two years, so maybe he's iffy about starting a new relationship...
I'm seriously crushing on an ENFP at the moment, but his hold and cold behaviour is driving me bananas. =/
Post-rock, ambient, folky protest songs, delta blues, 50s pop. Meh, I'll listen to anything really.
My love life is practically non-existent, mainly because of my extremely high standards. =/ Plus, I get myself into totally unconventional no-win situations; I fail at the dating game. Or has dating...
Mostly ambient music. I'm really enjoying songs from the Riot Folk collective right now as well.
Hiya Andrew. =)
That was one of the first tests I took. According to that test, I'm either an INFP or an INFJ. Just tonight I took a different test and, again, the result was INFJ. Gah. It's so frustrating! Maybe I...
Witnessing connections between strangers.  Kids. Exchanging outrageously imaginative ideas with friends.  Yep.
Aww. I hope your problems subside soon, m'dear. *hug*
More evidence proving Wordsworth's brilliance! =D'"


1062: SDS | Self Directed Search | Online Career Guidance Test   $9.95 for a single user  https://www.sokanu.com/  Free but with ads  https://eparachute.com/
Thanks for the reply and your comparison of my themes and my type. Perhaps the adaptability theme comes from your Ni, looking at something from various angles, that would require a certain mental...
How closely do you feel your themes match your MBTI type? Thanks again.
Thanks, I hope so, haha. I suppose to some degree. I don't have an in depth knowledge of MBTI, but I suppose at least going by stereotypes or the basic descriptions of the functions, there is some...
Hi, thanks for the post. I have been trying to learn more about the positive aspects of myself and what/how I can do my best work in life, so of course I came across this test and took it. Here are...
x93If you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. What isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us.x94  Agree or disagree?  Thanks for any responses.
Hi,  I hope this answer has some value for you.  I think when it comes to my Se, I do it in the typical ways. I am a huge nature and one of my favorite activities is to take in the beauty and...
Well, a member did type me as an introverted ESFP and if he is correct and just for fun, here is how I would differ:  Enjoy time alone  tend to do things at a leisurely pace  not charming ...
Hahaha, if you go by stereotypes, then I would be the worst ISTJ ever, haha.  ISTJ: We have to get this done! :worked_till_5am:  Me: Hey, look a kitty! :chat02:
Thanks for the response, yes sorting things out can be quite difficult when it comes to this journey of self knowledge. It definitely helps to get input from other people, so thank you for your...
Haha, I will have to check that out, thanks for the link.
I love your screen name and Avatar.
Thanks for the response. I will keep you updated on the exciting adventure that is me. I think a lot of people go through that. I think type is a good means to the general end of finding out what is...
Thanks for the response. That last sentence of yours hit home with me. I have met people mostly at work who seem to like me, mainly because I will entertain them. I think people perceive me as a...
Thanks for the response. I posted this question out of curiosity. If you are curious about the discussion. Here is the link. Thanks again for the response. ...
Thanks for the response. I don't necessarily consider myself an introverted ESFP. I have really been viewing it as an interesting possibility because the human condition is so malleable and varied. I...
Hi, thanks to anyone who responds. I got a couple responses to my post in the what is my type forum and one member suggested I am an introverted ESFP, have you been typed as this or can you relate?...
You know you are an ISFP when you just bought a few groceries and decided to take the longer, more round about way home because it is so much more scenic and beautiful, especially on a cloudy day,...
Thanks again, hmmm interesting statement, but it does make sense. Yeah, when I had to pick a career direction and start really planning my future I didn't handle it well, haha. I didn't get the shits...
Thanks for the response, it is great that you have embraced that part of yourself. That is still a bit of a challenge for me. I also am tempted to do many things and I think that is one of the great...
Wow, that is pretty great. I wish I planned things out that well. You should start a blog or one on personality cafe about crafting your current career path/job and how to take advantage of your...
Thanks for the reply, I did find your post helpful and not suprisingly everyone here pretty much agrees the tests are messed up. The differences you listed about how a dominant Si and Fi user will...
I must admit, What you have said about me being an introverted ESFP has been on my mind. I did check out that link you gave me and a couple other descriptions. I can definitely relate to the...
Thank you for your time and help. I appreciate the counterpoint and I did check out that link you gave me. I was suprised how much of the description I related to. I do feel like my Se is tempered...
Thank you for the kind words and the detailed analysis. I appreciate your time and your help with my introspective journey. I am a bit confusing, lol. I agree I think my enneagram influences a lot....
Hi,  Thanks to anyone who responds. I ask this question out of curiosity. On regular assessments, I score as an ISFP and on cognitive functions assessments, I typically have scored as an ISFJ. Is...
Hi,  Thanks to anyone who responds. What is your experience Fi, how does it play out in your functional stack and how do you feel it affects you as your primary function?
Thanks and thank you for the response, I enjoyed your post. I also enjoy your signatures.
So what did you find helpful to get past the influence of your immediate family?
Thanks for the response. I grew up with a similar family and yeah, it definitely has an impact on your environment. It can really lead you to devalue those parts of you. Thanks again for the reply.
Thanks for your comments! Wow, I can totally relate to what you are saying. I personally have come a long way in working on realizing who I am, dealing with conflict and really figuring out what I...
That's great, I can see how a job like that would be challenging, you kind of have to be two different people. Still that is pretty exciting. Yeah, I don't think they will be listing art director for...
Thanks for the response. That is great, isn't it when you get those results and it is already in a career direction you have chosen. So what is your current career direction? Thanks again for the...
Thanks for the kind words. It is great that you want to be a teacher. A good teacher has so much value to people. My general focus for now I suppose would be writing content. It is a huge field with...
I am tempted to say ISFP as well. From what you have written, things about learning through experience, shopping, pulling away from the main stream. Also wanting to know who you really are could tie...
I love your post and the break down and all the details you gave me, finally someone who gives me details. I really enjoyed reading your work history and analysis of it. You had some great jobs, I am...
Thanks for the response. My brother is an engineer so I can imagine what your co-workers are like. That is interesting, was there an adjustment period for your Ne, to switch over to a technical focus...
Hi, I feel I have been caught between these two types. Almost like I am a combination of them. Thanks to anyone who responds.   Typology Questionnaire 7/22/17   1. Is there anything that may...
That is what I have learned through working on myself, thanks for the kind words. Well, I do have the brownest eyes you have ever seen. Some say a soul can get lost in them. Just kidding. Thanks...
That does sound very compatible with a nine, seems like a very mature state of mind. So what are the challenges you face expressing your personal style and if you are Fi-dom, why do you think this...
I wish I had been more like that. It was the opposite for me for years, I would just want to avoid conflict even if it meant internally I was dissatisfied and not at peace. Thanks for that...
Thanks for the response. Based on what I have read about INFP stereotypes, that seems like a job out of left field. Do you feel being an INFP helps you with your work and do you engage in more INFP...
Thanks for the response, I agree with the looking back to childhood part. So what is your holland code and what specific ways has it helped you? Thanks again.
Thanks for the response. I definitely thought it was one of the better assessments out there. I also scored AIS or the Strong Interest Inventory scored me as ASE. What work have you found yourself in?
Hi, Here are my two cents. I think you could be an ENFP. I remember reading that the extraverted intuition function loves novelty and is directed at the outside world. You are 17 and already...
So do you think this is true of the other types as well?
Thanks, that makes sense. I appreciate you responding.
Hi, thanks to anyone who responds. I am a solid type nine and most of the online assessments type me as an ISFP. Nines stereotypically seem to be blank slates that just go with the flow and that...
Hi, thanks to anyone who responds. I am a solid type nine and most of the online assessments type me as an ISFP. Nines stereotypically seem to be blank slates that just go with the flow and that...
Thanks for the response, that is what I usually score as on these online assessments. Thanks again."


1064: 'Just because I think/act differently than you, it doesn't mean that either of us are wrong.  Calling me dramatic or overemotional is not helping you win me over.
That I can't just automatically flip a switch and trust you just because you're forcing me to
Pet Peeves in General : Disrespect for others, Entitled Attitudes (expecting to get something from someone without earning it or giving back), Gossip (especially in the workplace), using/taking the...
Ice skating might be fun for a winter-time date, it could be an activity you learn together or one that you could teach each other. I'm a sucker for activities that create bonding or fun memories.
I deactivated mine last Spring and I don't miss it. It just became overwhelming at times, and it seemed like most of the people I knew were merely trying to one up each other, and would make up...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zRSSfw97XY   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cvnk_DSUq3E   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_20CTa043IA  What's on my playlist today. Kajada, thought you'd...
That's seriously one of my favorite go to songs! It's actually one of the few I can replay multiple times without getting irritated.
That's exactly what's beginning to terrify me. I've grown and matured and just because he may be jealous or feel that he missed out doesn't mean that it's MY problem. I'm not compromising on these...
I think you discovered the levels of my thinking pattern regarding all this. First, I tried to figure out where he was coming from and what his pattern of thinking may be different from mine and...
ISFP and started out in Early Childhood Education, then switched to Legal studies. Received an Associate's as a Paralegal. Working at an accounting office and a group leader in an elementary level...
ferroequinologist & Ajaz  It feels like textbook narcissism right? When I first started this thread, I thought I was the one that did something wrong by having boundaries, but now as this thread...
You and I are on that same plane of confusion. He won't even give me a straight answer when I ask him directly. He's said he doesn't know, or tells me that I SHOULD KNOW or that it's something I...
In communicating, I've suggested compromising, I've tried suggesting that he approach me differently and explained how I am when it comes to logic/emotion. He immediately took it the wrong way and...
I'll have to look up that blog. I've read about healthy boundaries and I agree fully with what you've said. I didn't fully trust him yet when he started digging at me. I don't know what spurred it,...
It's nice to hear your perspective as a different personality type. I really understand what you're saying and during the beginning of all of this, I truly didn't mind telling him about my past and...
Kajada  We must have grown up in the same era. LOL Some of those are my go-to songs as well. I always said that BB and TDG need to tour together, would be the best concert ever! I also love...
I keep seeing that phrase thrown around on here. I really need to look it up to find out what it means and determine if I've been in one or am getting myself into one.
Kajada  You realize I'm going to be blasting that in my car at some point today? I'm totally a 90's brat too, been listening to a ton of Goo Goo Dolls and Matchbox 20 lately. I have to throw in a...
I wouldn't worry about that. I've never seen any of that type of red flag from him, but I'm sensing more emotional manipulation and narcissism. I'm literally on the edge of fight or flight, and...
Been so hyperemotional lately. Zoning out any time I have a quiet moment and stressing out the rest of the time. Just want some peace and quiet alone instead of catering to everyone around me.
That's the conclusion I'm getting at too. I've tried everything from my side to repair what trust may have been broken but I'm starting to realize that I was focusing on the wrong problem. I'm...
ferroequinologist  Exactly. As soon as I open up, this is what happens to me. Even though he claims not to judge my past mistakes, he's trying to take advantage of what he now knows. (Even after I...
ferroequinologist & Ajaz We talked again last night and I discovered that he's jealous of my past because I lived out some of the things that he's always wanted to. He's upset because I didn't feel...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJa2Pc1ufjI
ferroequinologist & Ajaz  You guys are probably right. Especially about the checking out without blame thing. It crossed my mind at one point too, him trying to look like the victim or something. I...
LOL, I was just agreeing with you about how most of the cars are riced out. I wasn't saying these two in particular were. I'm just partial to Mazda and Nissan. :wink:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JZRBVaAJF0  What I'm listening to currently. I love acoustic versions of songs.   ...
632154  632162  Definitely Riced out but I'd still take either of these or a GTR. Only time I can listen to any F&F soundtrack music is when I'm driving.
What sucks the most is that when we're good, we're great. But it's like ever since he started digging for dirt, it's gone downhill way too quickly and I don't think it has much to do with WHAT I told...
First, I loved the Tokyo drift soundtrack! LOL And the paint color affecting the horsepower? HAHAHAHA!!!!! Totally reminds me of those people that put the stick on vents and cheap park bench spoilers...
Thanks to everyone for their insight. I just feel at a loss now, wondering if he really wanted to get to know me or try to knock me down a few pegs. :sad:
Ultio  Well, I spent the weekend trying to talk to him and he flat out told me that he didn't care about my emotional ties to the things I had done or that my emotions guide me. Pretty much...
I used to play NFS underground 1&2 all the time. Carbon was okay too but never played the Most Wanted series.
I think a lot of the time, I deal with conflicting emotions. Kind of like the head/heart playing tug of war. Sometimes it's more than one emotion at a time which gets overwhelming, like I'm drowning...
The red spirit  Great, you've reawakened my urge to play NFS now. :smiley-cool13:
Ajaz  Like I said, I was rebelling in my youth because I didn't like having to fit into a box. I felt like I was different in a sense and was sick of everything being planned and structured for me...
ferroequinologist  What you've said has resonated with me on a core level. I'm one of those that got good grades in school because I simply memorized the important answers or the discussion points....
As an ISFP, one of our main problems is that we fear criticizing or hurting others. So it's extremely tough for me to confront any issues that I have without the crippling fear that he'll get angry...
Ajaz  I'm not saying I disagree with you. I believe in being honest too. However, when do the questions cross the line and become invasive? I can give a rounded number to the amount of people that...
You totally get me! This is exactly what I've been experiencing internally throughout this entire ordeal. I really just want to be accepted and feel fully loved, especially since I started peeling...
It isn't that I don't want to communicate with him, it's more along the lines that he seems only interested in the facts and logic of what I've revealed but refuses to discuss further when I tell him...
I can definitely see what you're getting at. Strangely, compromise comes easily to me in all other aspects of my life, but this is like being a fish out of water. Maybe if I can persuade him to read...
I really think I do, even though I've never been fully diagnosed. Doctors tend to think my diagnosis is tilted more towards depression than anxiety and I don't agree, nor do I like antidepressants. ...
I was reading about the asking/sharing theory before and I can see where it fits in here. I think directed at me, he's more of an asker but he has already volunteered information without my asking or...
As a child, my favorites consisted of Disney movies of course. :smile-new: I also remember the Disney channel original movies that they showed on the weekends.   As an adolescent, I started getting...
I'm new to the forum, but have been typed as an ISFP as long as I can remember. The main reason I decided to join and post on the forum is the hope that maybe I can get some much needed insight into...'"


1069: Ever since I was a child people would compliment my drawing skills and also fashion coordination saying I am a little ahead of my age, I believe its my talent. That's the only thing I feel happy...
2w1 likely
To create distinction
Because I dont want to be in a position where I have trouble understanding the general population
I'd rather not, I would probably have some form of asperger, and I don't want that
esfj
It's not supposed to :0, you intentionally hurt others!
I think the second is more obvious than me. I tend to care about what others might think of me
...what is wrong with people in this thread... there is nothing nice from making someone feel bad
It's really easy once you play enough, you will be familiar with type
Insecure type of people
Boiled soy milk in electric water boiler Insisted on cycling down slope and hit a huge rock so hard it left a scar on my leg to this day as the bicycle fell on me
I really relalte with the animals, I cry too easily when I am with animals or if I see one in pain. Lol I probably wouldn't survive in the wild xD
I am sometimes an organised ISFP, methodical ISFP :D
Some types are more desirable by the world than others, that is true
I think having no emotions or little emotions is some characteristic of the neurotic. Having less emotions is an issue, not the norm. T and F, it relates to how one decides.
Yeah same, other people think it's weird when I don't openly show them my sketch book
Yeah I did enroll in a club, and tried to volunteer and help out in an event, it seems like clubs consist of students who have long known each other, so I feel kind of left out. Even though I chat...
Ever since college started last year I've been faking it all. I literally have lost all contact with my most closest friends from high school because each one of us went to a different place, I see...
Me
Cocaine
We both looking confused. I think Night Huntress explained my point better than me :3
Because you've probably watched the movie
Hmm? What is forced about physics?
I just want to say being ignorant is like denying your own existence in this physical world which is very wrong, no energy already there can disappear, your physical body holds power in this universe...
I like dark colored walls, or completely white walls. I also under construction on a tiny plant garden just outside my window. I also want to raise some reptiles in glass next to my office and...
Well I avoid junk food and highly processed foods, exercise & meditate a little and that's all
Maybe you should tell people about your desire of wanting to rest and be alone, tell them you are about to get a burnout and be hurt, they will leave you alone Maybe you should minimise your plans...
Maybe you should realize no one is the right person. I initiate friendships to learn something new about my hobbies, not to keep on building the same thing
Upon taking ssri, have you noticed suicidal thoughts? Im scared of taking them at least now
What kind of medicine were you given? Are there any long term side effects on the body? Do you still have panic attacks? I've been like this since I was a kid, my first panic attack was when I was 8...
People  I always have something wrong in dealing with people, sometimes I block everyone out, sometimes I let them block me
I am sorry to hear that. Did you go to therapy for help or you've figured it out yourself?
I am talented at many things like school, art because I put my mind to it, I just dont understand why I have two completely different edges
Vinniebob I overthink stuff when I am relaxed, it's automatic
Vinniebob I think I'm having stress all the time because of anxiety all the time
Vinniebob no, I've only taken 2 pills of beta blocs ever, I've never been given anything else
Biology then social roles
I just realized I've beenfeeling somethings wrong with me the majority of my life. I get over mental illness and run into new one shortly . Sometimes two things wrong with me, one being the product...
He doesnt sound normal. maybe there is something else bothering him. maybe hes going through a hard time, offer him an ear I dont think I will skip the flight, I would like to know more about...
Thank you so much. I like to believe I got over it this time.
I have been feeling better now than when I was writing the post. However I am still feeling confusion and I am missing out on some things. I still can't feel my surroundings are real and my eyes are...
I am experiencing dissociation right now and I need help. I am scared of everything around me right now
Asmr videos are great to listen to, even for someone like me who cant feel tingles
Where is the i dont care option
maybe because you deserve to be happy
alpha beta gamma delta.. ?
I suppose it is good. congrats
Do you get along well with xSFP or is it just me?
I really like the ghibli movies also movies directed by satoshi kon. I aim for the feels"


1090: 'Fi-Ne
496
:shocked:
Seems to be, yes.
Ti
I have no idea what they're saying so based on tone/music alone. ExFP   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=up7pvPqNkuU
They were a bit unexpected but I love them so ^.^ been at home resting Although I didn't realize they were being filmed :o Aren't they the most adorbs babies ever? ❤
Ty ^.^   http://pa1.narvii.com/5692/4ab571eb2a3033994bee4409e1ddb7eb8b8f055e_hq.gif ❤
Ban Ax.
I just go with what I feel is right most times or if someone I feel knows more than me on whatever the subject is. I could find new facts that I've read too but it all depends on what the opinion is...
1) When I like a post :P or if someone said something to me and there's nothing really to respond to but I still want them to know I read it. 2) I don't really make threads on here. I just like when...
Indeed waves ^.^
INTP 9w8
I can only think of 926 reasons :sad:  and yes.
xNFJ   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-J7J_IWUhls
Steel.
ENFP 9w8
INFJ   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bAPlojfgO0
Dears
Go to settings then where it says edit profile. It'll show you the option there.
Esfj 6
ENFJ   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8yix8PZKlw
I have to be honest with myself here and say I would stay in the room. Unless I was in danger of this man and I had to fight for my life. I mean this room could be nice and you didn't say I couldn't...
1: What do you do for fun? how's your sense of humor? Music, movies, shows, chatting, daydreaming, games. Most kinds are ok with me except toilet humor but usually deadpan, memes and inside...
ENFP 4w3
INFP 4w5
Intp 8
Amass
From what I know of them yes, I do think so.
As mentioned, Harry repairs his old wand etc. and then he puts the Elder Wand back with Dumbledore in his tomb.  I think the book did it best.   Personally, I'm not sure what I would've done...
Hot cocoa ^.^    Swimming with sharks or swimming with dolphins?
Stems.
In the book he doesn't break it, he just does in the film.
Rouse.
Races.
Yes :)
State.
https://images.gr-assets.com/hostedimages/1441919946ra/16168019.gif
I relate to both ESFP & ISFP but I would say ISFP overall with a little INFP thrown in there.
Poker.   Coke or Pepsi?
Notes.
Swoon.
JT's song.   Dancing or singing?
Roses.
Ozone.
Princess Bride.   The desert or ice caves?
I'd rather visit a place like that but a fish is an interesting idea. Thanks :) will consider.
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/0a/b7/45/0ab7458aebe85ae37f260f283ad437d3.gif
Infj 5
Teddy.'"


1141: 'not a preppy kid, but I had my little group of friends that I hung out with all time.    That was good enough for me
righty, here
infj
pencil, pen and ink
yup
boiling anger, increased heartrate, heavy breathing, scattered thoughts  sharp pain, sad withdrawal, internal reflection
fuck you bitch, get the fuck out of my way! Rawr! :angry:
chilli: 1lb ground hamburger/turkey pepper onion garlic can of tomato paste/spag sauce can of black beans can of crushed tomatoes salsa, taco sauce, chili powder, cyanne  pepper..
rawr  https://fbcdn-sphotos-e-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/207240_1509847204689_8105873_n.jpg
its like being tough mooshball
sent the ISFP Child article off to my mother and asked if she saw more of me in that in contrast to the ISTJ and ISTP ones. Her reply:    Im very good with following rules and am known for...
since LeaT said they see a lot of Fi in my posts, and niss said I might be more of a feeler than I realized, I began looking up types that were Fi Dominant or Secondary and welp...it felt like a...
a difference between me and my brother (who tests as an ENFP)  The question was posed, why to you like pizza?  By bro went into this long monologue about how a perfectly crafted pizza is an art...
anyone?
Broke into two parts so its easier to deal with
I bolded what fit me:
that's helpful.... :rolleyes:  :P
well, looking into the cognitive function stuff I read these two articles: http://personalitycafe.com/istp-articles/76785-recognizing-inferior-function-istp.html...
How so? Any specifics?
What particularly gave you the Fi vibe?
so...we have votes for ISTJ, ISFJ, INTP, ENTP?, and Fi-Dominant. Yup. Still confused! :confused:
so getting vibes is an Fi trait?
dunno 'bout being a 9. Im pretty reactive and dont back down easily...  why not Ne? Why Fi over Ti?  I dont know socionics, so that alpha-delta stuff made no sense! :confused:
what precisely made me sound INTP?
you thanked my post about the type me thread, so thats why I included you.
'aww, thanks (hug)
niss, DaisyChain, and 981WA_ISTJ, do you have thoughts?
my thoughts are very fast, ya.   could you go into detail about what specifically stood out as a Pe, or Fi?
Ive made a type-me thread: http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/125835-who-am-i-what-am-i.html  all a y'alls opinions are welcome!
holy cow that was long!
I live in a fantasy world in my head. I dress plainly (tshirts and jeans), dont wear makeup or do my hair (down or ponytail, thats it!). When bored I fidget, doodle mess with things--keep my hands...
----  I zone out easily when bored; lie is so much more exciting inside my head.  Im  spatially skilled and find it easy to build things and rearrange things  to fit. Im the one that is called...
0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions?   For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life   circumstances? Other useful information includes...
Oh geeze. I did this and got ENFJ. Does that mean I must be ISTP?  I got a marginal or no preference for perceiving vs judging
boat
youre such an easy person to be around  Youre one of the most interesting people Ive met  One thing girls your age have too much of is drama. But you? There is never drama
I seem to be enchanted by SP's
someone said my name :tongue:
paper smell
oh, thanks! :)  These are some of my latest http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/39270_3223245158567_1903053640_n.jpg ...
evil minions
heh, Ive heard that joke before but its a Cowboy, an Indian and a Muslim....
http://fc08.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2012/219/1/f/oppa_gangnam_style_gif_by_kaleidoscopeeye-d5a4q6q.gif
I take it as @niss means I want instant closure. A mark of Te, if I am not mistaken. Im actually hesitant on changing or declaring a new type right now;Im still researching. But from what Ive been...
Im leaning towards ISTP, if I am any other type.....
Hmmmm, I have a habit of going all word-dump when Im in a conversation with people. Like, I wont initiate a conversation but if someone else starts one with me I go blahblahblahblahblah firing off...
well, shoot
from going back over the functions, I think I use Se over Si.....  in this chart, I definitely ID more with the Se items: http://www.psychologyfitness.com/images/Chart-Se-_-Si1.bmp  also in this...
heh, that reminds me. I used to refuse to wear skirts and, if forced, would compromise with skorts. The looked like a skirt, but since they were half shorts I could, and I quote, still climb trees....
what called out Se over Si?'"


1162: 'Now say that last line out loud :laughing:
I'm an IXFJ magnet. Close friends throughout life have been: ISFJ, ISFJ, ISFJ, INFJ, INFJ, ESTJ, and INTP  I must look like a drowning puppy with my sad Fi feels  probably the most meaningful...
I believe there is another thread where you are supposed to criticize the poster above you. The theme of this thread is the poster's type. If you get the ideas confused  you might come across as...
I could be an ENTP too, if I did the right drugs
Imagine a single INTJ father trying to raise three SF children (ESFJ, ESFP. and ISFP) who have been indoctrinated to rebel in their earlier, more influential years by a contemptful ENFP mommy ...
84907  This is supposed to be an insult, but also not?
We're all insecure INFP, I thought you were okay with that. Don't tell me you'd abandon your humanistic ideals so easily because you got mad?
84904  robots.... are cute.... :blushed::blushed::blushed:
ha, we are not typically rebellious. It just seems that way because you've only experienced their response to an SJ presence, which is universal among all other temperaments :wink:
And now the ENTP is trying to be an INFJ. I knew deep down you guys must have been hiding some insecurity :tongue:
I understand, head up a** is impairing. But I'm going to have to ask you to write your wrong and reply to the poor ISFJ above you. Being the saint that I am, I will let it slide this time.
A well rounded ENTP could profit from both, but that's not the jab I was trying to make. Who cares about sincerity? Typically people who hold a certain standard for themselves and other people. You...
That's not a very sincere attitude, you guys profit off of that kind of thing.
Apparently I'm not the only one afraid to hurt your feelings. INFP makes a post and the thread comes to a halt :rolleyes: Maybe if you would pull your head out of your sugar scented a** you would...
I never realized the true importance of that movie until now. An ISTP probably relates to him on a personal level and looks to the Grinch as a source of inspiration. So if the Grinch is an ENTP with...
INFP, I don't even want to insult you, I'm afraid you'll never get over it.  That was pathetic, I know :( but I really didn't want to (I already project Fi onto other people, that it might hold...
Wow, didn't think an ENTP could express beyond 84900  I learn new things everyday :)
ISFP compulsive nihilistic atheist, dweller and fearer of death and emptiness. I would like to believe in something, watching movies helps.
a. ENFJ b. ESFJ c. INTJ  I don't much like these options. Any feeling dominant interaction is just too much feels. I get sick of myself... but still can't stop from perpetuating the cycle. Even...
No, I don't think you could scare her away with that :) Good luck
I think SPs are programmed to live in anarchy. We might live significantly more successful lives in an apocalypse than the current, at least compared to other temperaments.
(I'm just going to make fun of your avatar instead. Cool?)  If that isn't some ridiculously complex, alienated from reality, and possibly pretentious Ni dom symbolism than you must just have...
It's up to you to make that call. Like I said, an ISFP may be overwhelmed by extravagant displays, we tend to stay on the edge of things and like to feel some measure of control over how involved we...
ya'll are cool but I think we hail from planets :wink:    It's just, I'm drawn to IxxPs because they look like me. And then I expect them to be like me, but nope hahaha
Any type that uses different functions from me. INTPs, like what? :confused:
ESTPs having fun together; the ritualistic hunting and killing displayed by pack predators. Somebody should hurry up and make a National Geographic special about you guys ;P
I live in a cave If upset I'll eat you up because I love food  :cool: ISFP :cool:
Generally ISFPs are laid back but can be overwhelmed by other people easily, consequentially getting scared off. Ease into it, it should be pretty obvious if she likes your company or not, especially...
Anybody else remember this show? I've been thinking about this all day, these are my conclusions  Malcolm -INTP or INTJ depending on occasion.  Reese- He looks like an ESxP but he isn't. Clear...
Mysterious? INTPs  also other ISFPs, for totally different reasons. I can read an ISTP like a book. It's almost scary being alone with one because I feel like there is an air of vulnerability...
Welcome Karoh! Always nice to see another SJ joining the forums, you guys can be kind of underrepresented here. If you're still trying to determine your type I suggest taking a close look at the...
Online: *trys to contribute to forums* everything I type sounds like garbled gibberish  With real people: *trys to speak* everything I say is like literal garbled gibberish  :(((
SP when asked to explain themselves:  *scoops up your girl/boyfriend bridal style, hops on the motorcycle and rides off into the sunset laughing the whole way*
I was just thinking about tropes and MBTI types. What kind of protagonist would each of the MBTI types be?  INFJs and ISTPs seem to be pretty common, so I already have a few thoughts on those...
That signature is so quintessentially ESTP :P yet ESFP for being sparkly   I'm stumped *shrugs*
ENFJ for being cryptic?
Nobody knows an ESTP better than an INFJ
ENTP for enjoying banter with an INTP :)
LGBT=rainbow=enfp
awww, tsundere. You're still ESTJing :kitteh:
ESTJ, stop your ESTJing!
ISFP  COLOUR WHEEL :blushed::blushed:  umf
@TreasureTower ENTP, because if you were ENTP that would be a very ENTP way of indirectly complimenting yourself
ISFJ for being so considerate :)
INTP for black and white avatar
You know, he kind of looks like an ENFP too (Just the avatar. I don't watch doctor who) with  the colours. So I pick that.  Am I still allowed to mistype someone as their own type? :P
CelticaNoir ISTP, because I keep wanting to say ISTP for you. It's your avatar, it looks like an ISTP protagonist
ISFJ, for double response (an effort to make everybody involved) :P
INTJ, because you had it all planned out from the beginning. :P
ESFJ because you can't type titties without the disclaimer apostrophes.'"


1178: 'If I could have it my way in real life, chasee
I just saw this reply after my post. Good on you. No point suffering your health trying to appease someone who doesn't seem to bother putting minuscule effort to raise the relationship.
Sounds like a mega soap opera.  At various points, it sounded llike he had already shut the door on you. Personally for me, I think of the words I choose to communicate online carefully because my...
Now that I'm in army conscription to protect 5.5mil people sardined in a piece of land the size of London, I can't help but daydream about my holiday to the swiss lands :crying: ...
Well damn. You seem to blow emotions up easily, like this enfp girl I know - yet I still like her
It's interesting you brought that up. I'm a 90's kid, grew up in a culture where Americana was growing to be the idealised (I'm gonna follow my former colonial's spelling) culture and lifestyle in my...
I dream on a daily basis. Though I tend to forget rather quickly. Sometimes it's eventful, sometimes bleh. Maybe I'll edit this post again to jot down em dreams haha
Food for thought 1:06-7:15, not exactly about PC though the word (and like topics discussed) is mentioned at 3:57. And, this excerpt is from a game in 2001 before the digital world intensified  ...
I mostly think about the worst-case/negativity that comes along for that very upcoming or future moment. I mostly have a practical picture in my head, but I always tend to paint it with the worst...
My first post in this thread :unsure:  http://i.imgur.com/rTxOpZL.jpg
If you live where I live, those experiences will invoke even stronger feelings and sentiments :sad:
You have easily described the type of friendship I currently have with an ISFJ female friend. And she's the only person I know/have in which I am the bouncing ball rather than the wall being bounced...
Black front because black bezels tend to blend in better with the UI. Was aiming for an overall colour scheme to match the classy Momentums :happy:  http://i62.tinypic.com/sdcv83.png...
INFP before ISFP. No other misadventured types
INTP with ISFP?   http://www.quickmeme.com/img/3d/3d2435c6fde1ef1a119472be31d6aed15ad51f9930fd96f46084d13fa205a60e.jpg
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lkhj0qXTIS1qcfdn8.gif
Dumaresq  http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-DA_aeBRGEc4/T4BLE6VmW5I/AAAAAAAADCs/ptqHK8FDeKQ/s400/3Ufig1.gif
http://cdn.gifbay.com/2013/05/greedy_hamster_loves_fat-46438.gif http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/aWZLx1n_460sa.gif http://img0.joyreactor.com/pics/post/gif-cat-high-five-guy-944468.gif ...
Very true. I have a close ENTJ male friend. We have plenty of common ideals and values. We both are aware that we both have some differing fundamentals since we are from different racial cultures,...
You should've just titled your thread to Advice from The Hedgehog :laughing:
Dear ENTJ hottie (if that dp is indeed you), there's no need to overthink things that I said. The taste (and enjoyment) of the pie is more important than the meaning/significance of pi.
Pri: Environmental Tan Sec: Crystal  interesting test
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Sn7YMKfps20/UQaUNaILhBI/AAAAAAAAKTQ/BYDr_D-wtlQ/s320/dp.jpg  Just eat the frickin pie :mellow:
I highly dislike US style of TV. Nearly everything needs to be dramatised, overly sensational and contain someone's plight story. It's too scripted and edited to the point of being predictable. Even...
Rule 1) Don't force me into small talk with you Rule 2) Don't put me in a situation where lots of small talk is needed Rule 3) If I dislike you, I won't make noise, but I'll pull away in a friendly...
Gender: M Hair Color: Natural Hair Style: No styling done Eye Shape: Asian Eye Color: Asian Glasses: Y Personal Style/Manner of Dress: T-shirt & jeans Favorite Color: No favourite Makeup:...
Putting on an extrovert's mask on for a popular youtuber   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uq3mcmpXdRY
Try living in Singapore. You'd feel so pressed being in a city with no quiet/empty places around and the government's policy of making everyone work till their deaths without retirement
I regret to inform you that the group (ISFPs) is unable to cater to your nature of request (Category: Potential Violence) mentioned above.
No
Daydreaming or solo chilling in a quiet cafe/lounge. I get bummed out after work due to all the socialising and masking I have to put on at work. Basically, lots of me-time
What does an ISFP seek from a long term relationship?  Commitment and sustaining for each other  What does being serious for someone means to an ISFP?  It means taking the relationship seriously...
Never try to match society rules with an ISFP :laughing:
You checked off 62 out of 83 scenarios!                      ...
I can relate to this as one of my good friends is an ENTJ. During early days, he was often confused as to my awkward introversion and sudden retreats. I could easily sense that he was constantly...
Best to ignore her till she comes back. And when she does, try to be warm and welcome with open arms instead of questioning why and what happened. Doing the latter would make things worse because she...
I identify alot with the points in blue. As for the point in purple, it's a combination of personal tolerance and religion teachings (in my case). Yes, my religion prohibits homosexuality, but that...
Looking good. That means she's warming up towards you. My dry humour normally comes out when I'm comfortable with being closer to my real self with someone
Single.Unwanted.NeverAttachedBefore  I try to picture it though. The only time I'd be the one doing the breaking up is if my (usually irrational) Thinking kicks in, and in the heat of the moment,...
For me personally, I wouldn't play that sort of game, let alone stroke my own ego, over a girl that I like. Reason being is that I would have too much respect for her to deter me doing that in the...
Would be easier if there's a mind reader, cause I can't find words to describe my thoughts, & there's many little details of which I can't be bothered to type for a reply :laughing:  1) Why I feel...
Personally, I don't think he has less-than-moral reasons/intentions. But I'm pointing out you the quickest and most effective way to get him to stop staring (and annoying) you. From the words in...
Because of beautiful places & music like this   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMUxpTb_wWc   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-M5ZxpVgbU
Stop thinking about what ifs and what might happen. You want it to stop, just get on with it and be direct. There's no way to be nice while clearly pointing him straight in the face that you're...
What the heck, make your mind up ENTJ lioness! Just single him out, sort it out with a straightforward chat and close this chapter. What makes you think he'd still have feelings for you after you...
INFJ. Lots of borderline values though
Warning - Random Junk May Be Found Below A little relate-able for me that playful statement.   Girl-friends - Carefree playing on my superficial level, but I get serious when going deeper.  Girl...
Combo of both. But I'd be fairly certain to some extent that he has feelings for you. I may be diving too much into simple actions, but here's what I think anyway (or at least what I'd be thinking if...
For me, I'd become more awkward, extra reserved and become more observant than usual. Amongst my regular friends, I tend to be annoying with my constant sarcasm and dry jokes.   You haven't...
My thoughts don't look like a snapshot of a .JPEG, it's what they feel like  a moment of a .GIF. Intense and intimate moments, with lots of details  around. Like collective rich experiences....'"


1186: 'Ah, I don't know. I try to follow Stoicism, but I suppose my real creed is If I didn't care for fun and such, / I'd probably amount to much. / But I shall stay the way I am, / Because I do not give...
Apologies if this has already been asked, but what do you mean when you say you have a personal relationship with God?
My favourite album changes every few months, but at the moment it's Five Leaves Left. Favourite song is Voices/Voice From the Mountain. I believe River Man is also in standard tuning, and that looks...
Yeah, in an interview Joe Boyd said he used to stand there for ages trying to retune his guitar for each concert, and people would stop paying attention in the meantime:  Src: ...
Any fans of his on here? Anyone who's ambivalent or doesn't like him?  Favourite and least favourite song/album? Who's thinking of buying the new biography, Remembered For a While?
I'm not quite clear on what your dilemma is. If you're asking about whether you should feel bad for publicly shaming them, then it really depends on the situation. I'll give you the benefit of the...
Sunlight, green leaves, music, good books/stories.  As Don McLean put it, How can words express the feel of sunlight in the morning?
She was one in a million (yeah)/Well, there's five more just in New South Wales!  -The Whitlams
No, sorry, I meant going outside in the sense of going to people's houses or out with friends or whatever. My mother also did the Why are you in my house if you don't want to pull your weight?...
Holy derail, Batman.  I'll be honest, I don't talk to too many regulars round here any more (long absence, people retiring, plus not hanging round in the MBTI forums like I used to), but shout-out...
Oh, my glory, it's so bright and square! I prefer what we have now, frankly. PerC still feels like an old-style forum, which is part of what attracts me to it. The new layout reminds me of Windows 8,...
Someone above had good advice: pretend for five minutes that you're someone else, someone confident. I like to use fictional characters, but it also works with celebs. I mean, obviously, give your...
From the evidence we're given in this post, it seems the OP was raised in a way that was more controlling than the average child experiences. They were prevented from doing certain things at all...
Some people have cereal with water. Not oatmeal or porridge, but cereal.   And now I'm craving Weetbix, damn it.
XSTJ   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EK_LN3XEcnw
Who else does this? I do it to the point that it's habit and I probably look like an idiot. I have no idea how my dog feels about it, but our whole family does this and he doesn't seem to dislike it....
I don't sing to my dog, but I do jabber away to him throughout the day and on walks - yes, in public. I like to think he appreciates it. XD That, or he thinks I'm weird like all humans and is...
I read people's visitor messages if I've talked with them on the forum extensively or if there's an interesting conversation going on on the first page, but generally it'll be things about other...
My God, you couldn't pay me to have one kid, let alone eleven. At any rate, welcome! I'm sure you'll find some interesting debates and conversations, and hopefully discover something about yourself...
There's something in my head, but it's not meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
Do you get cravings for Whiskas?   Oh, and I'd be interested to know if your real name is Rachel and you were secretly part of a guerrilla group that fought aliens, oh, maybe 10 years ago? You can...
I saw this in the NF forum and decided to make a general one.   The idea is to put your timer on for FIVE minutes only and write what you come up with.  Here's my effort:  Snail  Look at it,...
Angelic Gardevoir, Yes, I think that level of control over the actions of a person older than, say, 3 constitutes emotional abuse or something close to it. Certainly it's not a healthy way to be...
I reckon that most people do, because they're great songs. I was more thinking that they're very Nine-ish songs, so they reinforce our, um, our tendency to zone out. Listen to those and imagine you...
You mean, like, a trait that reflects the stereotypes of our type? Not sure what you're referring to.   I think mine's the tendency to listen to really escapist, sleep-themed and/or depressing...
Taking off your socks and jeans after you get home. Best feeling in the world.
Cereal! :)
In what specific situations do you feel that you could control your emotions better?  What emotions do you feel like you're having trouble controlling - anger, sadness, euphoria?  Don't feel like...
Ronikinz: There are a couple of options available to you if you wish to make new friends:  a) You might want to join a site such as meetup.com if you live in a major city - yes, even if you've...
Eragon from Inheritance, who learns to read and write in a matter of weeks and is somehow hailed as the elves' best poet despite his poem (included in-text) being a failure as an epic poem. XD He...
Enfp. :)
Try and turn to your family, at least, if they offer help and support. I refused to talk to anyone about my problems for the better part of four years. I've only just discovered that it's much easier...
It sounds from your post as though you feel that university should have been  a big deal but wasn't (and I'm going by the evidence on this thread, so correct me if I'm wrong).   Why do you think...
It's taken me four to get to 1k, so you're going well. :)
Whoa, 10k! Congrats, Aya!
Nope. It's prohibitively expensive and transport's crap. I always thought Melb would have better transport, but according to some friends from there, public transport isn't great there either,...
Thanks for the offer! It means a lot. :blushed: Unfortunately my Skype ID reveals my surname IRL... but I'm happy to create a sock Skype or add you provided that you aren't some weird stalker. :D...
G'night, all. Going to bed in about half an hour, but hey, why not say it early?
mysterie, Snow Leopard and Subtle Mystery, did you guys end up meeting up?
Someone to talk to IRL would be nice, but barring that, a nice book
Thanks for the advice, everyone, particularly Noelle Hotaru, inbi and Serak. Antipode, I'm an atheist and so don't believe in Jesus, but thank you for your offer of support.   This has given me a...
mikan It does sound like a stress-relieving habit/reflex, which is what trichollotomania is. Also, I seriously advise you to tell someone about your problems rather than keeping then bottled up. I...
Yep, for sure. Do come back when you feel ready, though! Personally, I don't even think there's any need to retire your account, just stay logged out for a few weeks.
1. Don McLean - Don McLean 199570 2. Five Leaves Left - Nick Drake 3. Pink Moon - Nick Drake 4. Fearless - Taylor Swift 5. Red - Taylor Swift  American Pie by Don McLean gets an honorary...
Maybe you need a challenge. Try doing something new, something you can incorporate into your daily life and which you can set goals. Examples are: keeping a journal, cooking a food you've always...
The word I think you're looking for is 'apathy'. This may indicate 9, but you'd have to do more research on the type. It could equally  be just a reaction unrelated to type.
Banned for having -zilla in your post rank.
Whoa, go you!
Grate, fellow 9! :)
Don't read this if you're suicidal right now - TW for discussion of suicide. TW TW TW  I feel like the more chances I waste, the less my parents will want to support me, all evidence to the...'"


1241: 'Oooh ooh me! My workspace is.. everywhere, so to speak. And my two J parents REALLY hate that.
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_-SsUt2vKb8U/TAf9ogmaayI/AAAAAAAAAKs/TIFqXRAZpmI/s400/bounty-paper-towels.jpg
This fine, July morning? At 2:30 A.M. of course.. :crazy:
http://dreager1.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/1217435952078_f.jpg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ie_R1H9L4eI  But in all seriousness..   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MmOTZ32e3Y&feature=related
I'll be blunt here. Definitely a lady that's in to music. Spontaneous, intelligent, don't have to be some sort of model or anything, tolerant of metal being blasted. I can't think of anything else. ...
Yeah, first born ISFP here. With 2 parents who I know are extroverted, I just don't know their type. Oh, and 2 of my younger siblings are definitely extrovert, while one is in between, it's hard to...
It happens to me too so you're not alone there.. :P
Anything with swag in it makes me want to beat somebody's fuckin' face in for making me lose a couple of IQ.
Tsidakis Don't be sorry.. I sort of started the small nature vs. nurture conflict. I also just remembered what it was called too.. XD  Anyways, referring back to your last question about clarity of...
Naama Thanks for clearing that up for me. Although I didn't really know you were born with intro/extroversion, I thought(speaking from limited knowledge of child psychology here) that you just...
I was wondering if this was possible. I've tested ISFP multiple times I've taken the MBTI test(in different moods and on different days too), but lately I've been feeling ALOT more extroverted than...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCHJd5cTPjk
Atreyu-Shameful Here's to lowering caskets of old friends,  through choice and consequence we'll birth a new day  with the death of an old end (Start over, start over) here's to burying hatchets...
http://thegamingliberty.com/wp-content/uploads/Nathan-Drake.jpg
This used to be my life.. since my dad was and is still in the Army, we would move after 3 years maximum. I've moved at least 8 times in my entire life, I'm pretty sure this was in the mental...
Oh, and one more thing: If your parents ask if you were speeding, you were RUSHING. In my eyes, speeding is over 5 MPH over the limit. Rushing on the other hand, is 1 to 5 MPH over the limit. :)
I don't know, it seems like these days in the US, society wants you to be an extrovert. Everybody pressures you to go out and be the life of the party, asks you why you're not out on a Friday night...
http://blog.scalr.net/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/cyborg-pirate-ninja-jesus.jpg
Personally, I love driving. I guess I just feel like I'm independent, that I can do whatever I want. I've got my license, and I've been driving for about 3 years now(1 and a half with a permit, 1 and...
Left Brain                             Right Brain                                                                                   40%                             60%                               ...
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b2/CourtGavel.JPG/300px-CourtGavel.JPG  Hammer of Justice crushes you, overpower.
We should seriously discuss something. It's late/early and I'm hyper.
Understand every word you just said, because I've been going through that for the past month. Well, minus the giving up on love part.
I took 5 consecutive years of Spanish in middle and high school.. and forgot most of it a year later.   I feel like people are ALWAYS looking/staring at me in public.  It's 3:15 in the morning...
I remember a friend of mine back in freshman year was undergoing a lot of change. I don't know what it was, but he just became so hostile towards me(we made up already). Of course, I ignored it until...
http://loyalkng.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/OwlOut.jpg  That's what you think.
http://profile.ak.fbcdn.net/hprofile-ak-snc4/50555_226640092856_3538284_n.jpg
How is it in China whist?
Oh whoa. That was meant to be before Stephen.. but I guess my box is fireproof!
http://www.wired.com/images_blogs/photos/uncategorized/2007/09/11/orangebox.jpg
http://www.gsi.ie/NR/rdonlyres/EBA7F20A-5600-4529-8F65-B3A0DB443A25/0/sunset_boulder.jpg
That's a bit strange to hear. So strange, in fact, that I may end up doing this myself when I get home from work :tongue:
Thank you both for your opinions, but now my main problem is that I'm probably going to this school. I'm just going to this school to save my parents the trouble because I know they've already spent...
Hey all, I have a bit of a predicament that I just can't stop thinking about. So, in the fall, I'll be attending college to major in a Software and Game Development program. Tonight though, I was...
But you have to remember there are some people who can't help it. I used to(and still do, to an extent) fear social rejection and humiliating myself because of previous experiences that conditioned...
18242  You have to click on it to expand, it's being weird.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ba-vHKFVsFE  :)
You know you're ISFP when you feel the need to organize random places around work, but are too lazy to straighten up your own living space.
If it's anything to do with social groups, then yeah, I do get that little fear that I'm gonna do something stupid to humiliate myself, and I'll start to get a little uneasy, fidgeting, and my tone...
I don't really cry. At least, not in front of others. I guess it's just a threat to my mental state, like I think anybody who sees me crying will think worse of me. For some reason though, I always...
I'm freaking out man.
Wow. Have fun in China! And good luck with the 12 hour difference.. seriously..
When I was young, I didn't really like to leave the house. I was really dependent on my parents back then though, so dependent that if I left home without my parents for even 2 or 3 days, I would get...
Pretty much lost in thought about a lady friend of mine.. and how she's amazing. :)
I'm never great with mornings. Unless I get 9+ hours of sleep, I'm a zombie in the mornings. I guess being born at 11 P.M. sort of predetermines my night owlness :P
Driving around with the windows down at 3 A.M. with some music sounds great right about now.
As of right now: Black Ops Zombies, Battlefield: Bad Company 2, and Dante's Inferno
@RyRy Yes, it is a dancing lobster! And I'll be doing the same thing except my day will start at 8 in the morning. 5 DAYS A WEEK D:  @whis It feels good to go to sleep at 6 A.M. until you realize...
Ok so I'm not alone after all.. XD  It's interesting, I also find myself much more creative and hyper at night. I can't take a nap though, not because I'm physically incapable or anything, but it...'"


1253: 'ISFP here, looking for advice from ESTJs.  My ESTJ friend and I are in a performance group together and collaborate a lot. Unfortunately, the same dynamic keeps playing out and it's driving me...
I am 31 now, with a grizzled, cynical shell to replace my youthful optimism. I live in a very expensive city that I don't love and can't afford, mostly because I can't figure out what I'd rather do...
I was in a Fi-Ni loop last summer and have been just kind of coasting since then. But I recently started doing a lot of Te things that I have previously been completely disinterested in or thought...
It takes work, but it is possible!
Thanks so much, everyone. This has been supremely helpful.
Danger: ISFP ranting...  Things that are upsetting to me about the ENFJs in my life: - they seem to enjoy crossing other people's boundaries and making them uncomfortable - you can see it clear...
Hi ENTJs, As an ISFP whose functions are the same as yours but in reverse, I believe I could learn a lot from you. My question is this:  What do you do when you meet someone who you know you're...
I definitely crave recognition for my creations. I want people to get me. And I'm very sensitive to criticism, but I'm trying to become less attached and not let criticism stop me from doing my...
ISFJs are so thoughtful and really tuned into creating equality and opportunities for everyone to thrive. They need time and space to think through their response. They don't want to have to fight to...
ISTPs,  If a family member calls you and you answer but don't have time to talk... Will you call them back later? Wait for them to call again? Or forget all about it?  Bonus question, if someone...
I hear you. I'm not super interested in the functions. Maybe it's my Fi here, but I am most interested in the vibe of each type and the similar threads that diverse members of the same type share....
Here are some differences I have observed between myself and my ISFJ partner.  I am VERY attuned to our home, making things flow, putting objects in their perfect place, promoting beauty and...
I'm quite perceptive, and when something isn't right in the relationship, I feel very uncomfortable and need to talk about it.  Otherwise, if things are going well, I don't need affirmation. And I...
Explain, please?
Other types have this thread, so I thought we should have one, too! What are some examples of things that make you laugh, ISFPs?  355401   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0DLmiyHyWQ
Ongoing interests: beauty in all forms, flowers, interior design, food, travel, improving the world, self-improvement, colors, vintage fashion, spirituality, healing and bodywork, swimming in creeks...
It's just an option. Do what works for you.
Ok. So when you're ready, in a safe and familiar space, look into those feelings. Is feeling lost and attacked a pattern in your life? Explore that, write about that, talk about that, dance about...
oops, double post
Extroverts who interrupt, take up class time, dominate the conversation with long/irrelevant anecdotes that only matter to them, and ask stupid questions because they weren't listening. And the whole...
I didn't know how to tell him that I'm in a relationship  Make sure you find a way to tell your future new friends much sooner next time. There are plenty of ways to bring it up casually. I know...
Find a way to honor your fear. Sometimes fears that seem irrational or pathetic are coming from our inner child. They don't really go away until our inner child knows we are going to protect them...
This makes me so very happy.  351730
Ah... INFPs. I thought I was one of you for ten years. I love you, INFP. We are similar but you have some connection to the underworld that intrigues and touches me. I'm grateful that you're so...
I am very drawn to performing on stage and have been doing it since I was a kid. However, it's not easy for me. I always get nervous and I am anxious about how the audience perceives me. But it...
Hi all. You know how in a group setting there's always a few people that inspire admiration and affection? Everything they do seems effortlessly loveable? People just want to be near them...  I...
INFP for 10 years. It made sense because we have a lot in common. But once I read ISFP it totally clicked.
I'm so excited! I finally met another ISFP (I think she is one; pretty sure)!!!!!!! Wow... she is amazing... so wise and kind. Strong and unique style, too. I felt a little intimidated by her as she...
When I or my partner are in a funk, we shake. That's when we put on a super energetic song (often an angry song) and then jump around and thrash about together. I can go from catatonic to laughing...
Most of my friends are ENFP. What I like about them is their great ideas, relaxed attitude, sense of fun, and shared interests. What's annoying about them sometimes is how impractical and head in the...
Hello and welcome! :)  I, too, mistyped as INFP for about 10 years. It's easy to do. I feel very intuitive so I always answered a strong yes on those questions on the test. Thing is, I'm intuitive...
Yep, experiencing something in a group tour makes me feel like I'm having a plebeian and watered-down experience. I will absolutely wander off so I can have my own private moment looking at the art,...
Totally -- I'm sure folks have different ideas about what makes life worth living and what gives them the feeling of flow, but we all excel at the sweet spot: 341218  For me it is dancing, art...
You'll never know for sure, unless you ask her.  My guess is you said or did something that she didn't like and she withdrew. Or she just lost interest and didn't want to say it.  My suggestion...
Are there types that don't want that? Because I can't think of anything I want more from life... those moments make life worth living (and I suspect that goes for all humans)
:laughing: I can guess at what you mean by that, but care to elaborate?
338361  338369  338385
You're not listening. This post is about my personal journey, not looking for a partner.
I love how sensitive and intelligent you are. You can make sad feelings gorgeous.
ISFPs, do you have other ISFPs in your life? What is your relationship dynamic like? What kind of things do you enjoy doing together? If there was one thing you wish they would understand, what would...
I don't know much about the functions yet, but SiFe would be ISFJ, right? My partner is ISFJ and is very sensing but it's more about comfort/discomfort, action/inaction, happy when it's sunny and...
Thanks so much for your comment, Anadyomenos. I think this is great advice. Your last two points speak to ways that I can be accountable -- to others and to routines -- which is important for me,...
I'd consider having an ENTJ as a financial patron of the arts... as long as it felt morally aligned with me. But I'd never choose a romantic relationship with someone who would steamroll my...
I initially connect with people who strike up a conversation about a similarity we have. What makes me feel great about our interaction is when they ask me questions about how I feel and think about...
ENFPs are perennial favorites, but we ultimately have more of a friend vibe. I've had a really long and happy relationship with an ISFJ.  I don't know about the other types and now I'm convinced...
I think I saw your post on another thread about being stuck in a job you hate, so it's awesome to hear that you are getting inspired about something that combines your interests/talents and your...
I don't care what I eat, just order me anything.
Bumping this thread in case anyone has more insights to offer... I think I'm in one of these right now :unsure:
My best job was bartending in a fairly calm restaurant. I enjoyed being active, multi-tasking, mixing drinks, and having my own little domain behind the bar.  My worst job was doing on-call...
YES. ISFP here and I relate to this very strongly.  For me, the experience has at different points felt like: 1) getting passed by -- that I used to have the same amount of talent and experience...'"


1321: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0dMz8RBG7g
(I totally bad in art...)  That's few days ago: 53637  That's recently: 536385363953640
Sooooo true!!! I'm 2x too, very similar to you, I have few friends around me, but having different lives, I always feel lonely... very easy to feel lonely... especially holidays... no one find...
I think if I'm feeling bad, I would just close my mind, and won't review on the lists like that... I always get moody, I always express my feelings, not it didn't help..... I think it's too...
I think I'm quite passive in knowing friends... I won't actively to approach the others... so mostly I know my friends in doing project together, or after some activities like going to camp...
I'm weak in both... :(
I recently doubt my tendency in extraverted or introoverted... When I feel bored, I want to find friends, want to talk with somebodies, rather than staying alone... And when friends talk to me, I...
I ain't vegetarian, but I used to eat light-tasted meal, I actually accept most of the food, even the meal is all vegetables is also okay...
No religion either~~
I'm good at useless.
nothing good, no valuable strengths, low adaptability to environment, timid, making mistakes, stupid, unmotivated, could never insist on one thing, fragile, easily being affected, naive, retarded,...
Yes! I get this feeling easily, being left, unloved, disliked, but sometimes I am told that I just too sensitive or think too much.  e.g. if a friend finds me everyday and today he doesn't,...
I like to sing soooooooo much!!! but I am very very very very very nervous in front of others, I can't control my voice in front of others.....
issue, object, interests.... (sorry, I've edited, it should be something, I use this short form too much in my life and forgot that is for myself...@@)
Do you guys could fall in love with sth, keep being interested in sth? (sth=something) I always find that, I would be easily have 3 mins passion, or would have cool down periods, if there is not...
I dunno, maybe it relates to gender stereotype...X_X
I think I'm absolutely poor in logic/maths in nature, however, I think I'm fair in class, I could practice a lot for a fair grade, but clearly, I'm not good in nature, as I took many of time to...
same here, totally cannot understand what is the cute point for =__________= (Hm... a boy is being described as cute is kinda strange, seriously.... but I feel a bit happy for it as it seems...
ISFP: yeah! so what is the task? :D
liberalists, pacifists, culturist :)
I love jigsaw puzzle too! However, jigsaws cannot be kept too much in house ~_~ And after I finished one, I would keep it on the wall...
Hey mates, do you play puzzles? Do you like to play any? What would you feel? I like to play bridge, but obviously I could not play as well as other NT... Sometimes I feel myself like a...
OH!!! After I posted a similar post, I found your post!!! I think I have the same problem with you... I'm not really so quiet as description too!!!! I'm sometimes very exaggerated, active,...
Do you guys sometimes act like extraverted? I dunno, sometimes I get quite confused, sometimes I have great desire to get together to some people, very enthusiastic, very talkative, very...
again... childlish painting style.... :P 42245
(out topic...) this title reminds me that... ISFP is a type that many people said is somehow female-like type...  :D
You know what? Sometimes, I just love myself, no reason, may be being myself that makes me loving myself... but when I hate myself, I could have thousand reasons...
I don't keep any journals... I think I won't read it even I keep one... :S or, maybe journals imply reflection, review the past, or sth similar, and I dislike it... :O
I think everyone loves other's praise... it brings positive feelings... however, ISFP wouldn't do it consistantly... ISFP just likes it, but won't put it in an important position in the life, I...
Oh...really? My fds always said that I'm very simple... and very easy to be understood... :S that makes me like a simpleton... :[
Again... I don't have great drawing techniques, so poor drawings,  and I also don't have photographic techniques either, so poor pictures either, sorry for that, I just draw for expressing my...
2nd...  If I have a good relationship but no achievement, at least, my life has some supports, not blank...  If I have achievement but no relationship, then I would think it's quite meaningless...
True...Always... I think the best way to express emotion is through other media, like arts... like drawings or dancing, not necessarily very prof. , just follow the heart... btw, maybe leaving the...
making decision is annoying to me too, normally, I would do either of these: 1. ask myself is that really important? sometimes, decisions in your life in not so important, it just drives you into...
I think it depends on, like, I would enjoy to present stories to children :D I really love telling stories to children, whatever through reading or playing drama to them :) (of coz, small...
Actually, I don't think I have any talents, no talents may have an easy life... but would also have some feeling of worthlessness sometimes... However, I can't control that, talent is inborn, I...
Well, I dislike senior ESTJ, I met two of them, and they both really did have a good career achievement, while talking with them, it's always very very stressful... in front of them, it seems...
I love to sing, but this is not specific to ISFP lol
What I believe? I believe I can fly~(Joking:tongue:) I don't believe in God, but I believe sth happens out of control/prediction, kind of... you play a card game, you got a hand, you can't...
Maybe the Fi function, share much lol
sleeping singing leaving the place, walking somewhere else listening music take a shower dance (when no ppl there) draw sth (if I got the idea) finding other things to do.......
I think INTPs have been quite easy to get with... 'coz I think many I__Js are very difficult to get with....
I have a friend, she is enneagram type 5. she claimed that she is ISFP I agree that she is IS_P, but I doubt her F function... not sure... how to distinguish ISFP and ISTP? she has a much more...
I think I'm very sensitive but not very sensitive... I think I'm sensitive as I'm neurotic, I'm sensitive to my own feelings, sensitive to conflict, sensitive to this moments, I ain't sensitive to...
I remember that, when I study abnormal psychology, I am so appreciate the abnormalities... I even think that, if I were them... how good would I be...lol
It's funny that, I recently notice that, both my mother and I think the other is stubborn :D  My mother is obviously a J, she always told the other that I'm stubborn, what's stubborn of me to...
Hi, I'm studying Psychology. I think what I love Psychology is his theories or concerns in humans very deeply and broadly. I love Psychology of Language, Psychology of Personality, Abnormal...
Sosad... I think I'm value-less... Some of my friends got a very clear value, they clearly know what they want to , what they prefer, what they like... but I always don't know... :(
In my opinion... ISFP normally don't teach sth to others... as it always implies to change, or even to manipulate the others...  (give advice is also sth like that, unless you know sth about the...
Hey, How about the boys? ;D'"


1400: Sounds like he is borderline-dependent. You bring value to him by being his friend which completes him, and hes probably had bad social rejections before (dependent). His emotional states are fairly...
Originally I've been a welder (manufacturing) and I'm on the verge of a career change doing admin work at a manufacturing place after finishing business business administration, so it's blue collar...
You're pushing a lot of impersonal facts, ideology and heavy topics. If you're using an ISFP to validate your thoughts, beliefs, or feelings all the time, it can get very annoying. Are you offering a...
Female Hypergamy: The practice of marrying up. When you really understand what hypergamy is, your dealings with women will become very predictable. Women usually reject men because they are not...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFOjInsO9us
I've kind of borrowed the the body language and mannerisms that ENTJs exibit to appear driven, powerful and dominant at work. So when a higher up is explaining things, I appear like I'm judging and...
A gift that I can hold on to for a very long time and get value from it. High end measuring instruments, hand tools, musical instruments etc.
Yep there's a lot of meatheads on construction. I have installed steel railings, structural steel, doorframes etc. I'm 31 and have 'baby face' looks, and it's always the older middle age slobs that...
Construction.. Interesting. In such a male dominated industry, do you have to deal with any nonsense? Do you get along with the people?
I'm a metalworker, but building up a nest egg so that I can afford to live on the apprentice wages as a Jeweller. To me, a Jeweller is the best of everything. Hands on, I can keep my ears stretched,...
I did pretty average during school with the exception of english, history, art, metalwork, and woodwork and I hated being there. Later on after leaving school I became a tenacious reader and I think...
I have dated a female ESFP. The conversation flowed well, we both gave ourselves permission to be big kids. There was a bit of verbal sparring and competitiveness. Flirty and playful. She didn't over...
It's called hypergamy (or marrying up). A women's biological imperative is to find a taller, more attractive, higher social status, powerful and more resourceful male. We still have a lot of our old...
You never know but maybe he is depressed, has low self esteem and is trying to avoid people. Does he act the same way with everyone else?
I like the open and friendly cultures that are ESFPish. Brazil and a lot of other south american countries, as well as Thailand and Phillipines.
Pump her emotional state with light hearted humour. Tease her playfully. If theres music in the background, start dancing. To get her to come to the table, you have to encourage her to break away...
I think it's more about looks, confidence, style of dress, and perceived social status at the very beginning. Especially on dating sites.  The personality type doesn't come into play unless they...
Thanks for the reply!  I dated two different ENFJ girls in the last two weeks and here's what I noticed:  -Very conservative/sophisticated fashionista style dress with carefully chosen...
You can often line up quick factory work through recruitment agencies with minimal experience and no long term commitment, and also meet some interesting people like backpacker girls :) Just a...
Lead him by the hand, and then tell him to lead you. Just give him encouragement to step up to the plate as a guy. Rest your head on his shoulder, show that you have invested in him.
As a 31 year old that did exactly what you did, and has had the same problems with girls, I just wanna say this:  Please have a grander image for yourself. Look at a lot of older men that never...
1)Have you ever dated an ISFP before and how was it. 2)What do you prefer? badboys, adventurers, sophisticated men, or artisans (i.e: musicians)? 3)What do you find most annoying about SP type guys?
I think ISFPs can lead in things like:  Sports, martial arts, fitness, architecture, hospitality, creative direction, nursing, teaching or technical trades like carpentry or jewellery design. ...
My dumb and happy ESFP friend at work makes random animal noises or does drive by farts. When theres a bee gees song on the radio he sings with a high pitched voice. When we walk past we do kung fu...
I'm socially intelligent but I'm too dependent on extroverts to get me into a talkative state. I'm like a rock. I have to be pushed by someone else to get rolling.
The weight of the world can feel crushing, humans are essentially competing with each other for resources, sex, power, money and status. When you throw a mild mannered, easy going, non assuming, and...
Learning Krav Maga was a big thing for me. Probably the most no nonsense fighting system out there.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hXjr_7bSdg
His shy, calm reserve may have hindered his ability to sexually escalate with women in the past causing some confidence issues. Also the gap in his dating history, may suggest he has lost his rhythm...
The reason I make the point about male ISFPs is because being dominant and assertive is mandatory. The common ISFP traits like the lack of desire to lead, be dominant, assertive, stand your ground,...
I have similar problems, I have lots of aquantances through work, gym and sport but no close friends, most of my friends from school relocated and I barely get in touch with them. The only thing I...
I go very ISTP (I think it would be common with male ISFPs) when dealing with people that I perceive as immature, annoying and lacking in social intelligence. I end up having the steely look, the...
Playful competitiveness is awesome. Getting one over on people is not.
If you value self improvement, you can learn a lot from entjs.  If you're a male ISFP and you want to be more assertive, decisive, and driven, pay attention to what they do, minus the arrogance....
Being verbally affectionate is something you can learn. Pay attention to more extroverted charismatic people like esfps. Pay attention to what they say and how it makes you feel when they talk to...
I find istps and istjs will do it too. Having a nice conversation with someone is about good emotions, making you feel relaxed and enjoying the moment. This is especially true for girls. When people...
SPs would say: The big brown fox jumped over the lazy dog  NFs would say: Well there was this fox right and he kinda decided to do some jumping, so yeah, the fox he had like this brown fur and oh...
The hardest thing to do is to get started. It's so easy to live in the moment and stop to smell the roses. All you can really do is say to yourself that there's no excuse, even if you don't want to...
Idealistic, obsessive, creative, individualistic, hedonistic
Sure I start conversations. When someone dominates the conversation, it's okay if they are offering something of value like a funny story. If they cut me off, and go into a long monologue and come...
I'm better at working tools, electronics, metalwork, mechanical work. I do have some drawing ability, but it hasn't been well developed. A lot of my miss spent youth was doing graffiti art, but that...
Creative work for sure. When I have to think logically, it can be a bit distracting.
Sorry to jack the thread, but I had a really bad experience with an ISTJ co-worker as well, that put me in a massive grip. Did you find he/she would be completely self absorbed, wouldn't listen,...
Any gaps in the interpersonal vibe after the apology will be watched closely for awhile. If you see any awkwardness, like stifled conversation, shifty eye contact, defensive body language, ask if...
I'm at one with the car, good with road rules. I just get lost a lot lol.
Write a schedule on a piece of paper, put it up on a wall or the fridge and alternate between chores and me time. Short bursts of energy seems to work for me.
Ne's tend to chase their tail when they explain things to me which can get very confusing.
OK here's the rules: List your favorite Celebs or their roles because you find their mannerisms, personality and funny quirks attractive, not because they are hot. :laughing:  It would be...
Red, white or black shirt. Levis And I can't live without my Tigers :cool:  58666
I think you're playing along and being nice, but internally it conflicts with your value system, which can feel very draining because you can't be the person you want to be. You could try reading up...
I'm extroverted around funny lighthearted people that come across as 'pure of heart'. I shut down around people with big egos. When I come across someone that needs to validate to me how smart they..."


1423: 'I love music. :D I rarely ever go a day without listening to it at home, or walking to class, or whenever else I can. It's a great stress-reliever after a long day, or just something to enjoy in...
I'm attending a big public university with about 25,000 students. It's a school known mostly for sciences, engineering, forestry and agricultural programs, but it has a lot more. It's very...
Ooh, I love parodies. :D Here are a couple:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZwM3GvaTRM   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM5_pac-4Is
I've lost count of how many times I've listened to this now. :D   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giaMRyn47Xg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RlUj1dhFzA
A really good grade on my thermo midterm...
I'm pretty close with my immediate family. :) Things have certainly gotten better since I got out of the moody teenage years and moved away to college. We still keep in plenty of contact via phone,...
Microsoft Works is a pretty misleading software name, in my experience... :P Hmm. It's been a long while since I've used that program, but it might work if you make a table and paste an image in...
I've been seriously considering it, but I'm really thinking I might be too busy this year... But I'll probably at least have a go at it, even if I don't finish. :) I've really wanted to try it in the...
Usually, but not every day. :) When I do, it's just foundation and a bit of eyeliner and mascara. I have pretty light features, so too much makeup stands out more than I would like. But just a little...
I'm in my third year of university, working towards a BS in nuclear engineering... I enjoy it, but I'm kind of regretting not going into radiation health physics instead. (It's a similar program, but...
I think I definitely come off as a quiet one. Polite and considerate, but not necessarily warm-and-fuzzy. I try to be friendly, but takes me a while to really warm up to somebody. I'm not exactly an...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oGrwGCRImY
I've got a couple good friends who have been dead-set on going as the Tenth Doctor and Donna from Doctor Who for months... As the resident blondie, I've been recruited as Rose. :) Pretty easy...
Oh, I love this! :D My roommate first year of college was a huge fan of electronica, and got me hooked as well. Lately, been getting into electroswing...  ...
I am keeping a suspicious eye on the spider that appeared on my ceiling. I can't stand spiders, but am almost too scared to try to squish it. It might start scampering towards me, or fall down on my...
FreeSpirit - Yep. :) MEGAVIDEO - I'm watching it  It's sad that they won't have more Sherlock out until 2012, but I think The Hobbit will make up for that. Martin Freeman Bilbo and Benedict...
Writing a speech for public speaking class, probably my least favorite class ever. And also procrastinating a bit, despite the fact that it's nearly four in the morning. (I will be regretting this...
I'd definitely consider myself an introvert, but I'm not sure how strong of one I am. I need some alone time or I start to come loose at the seams and leak all sorts of grumpy...  My friends are an...
Favorites: Sciences, engineering, English/lit subjects involving stories and fiction, creative writing, music, dance, Japanese, applied math.  Least Favorites: History, public speaking,...
I haven't gone through the whole thread yet, so my apologies if these have already been posted.  http://icanhascheezburger.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/8fa3653c-84b4-4863-a6f0-1f1ac8e7194a.gif...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LoGFQ0AcXmc
I cry pretty easily, to be honest. Ever since I can remember, I've always been extremely sensitive, with strong emotions hooked straight up to the eye-faucets. Since I'm also very emotional, that...
I like my voice sometimes more than others. I've gotten used to how it sounds inside my head, so that's okay. Hearing it played back from a recording is really strange... I sound more like my mom,...
Oh my goodness. I hate it when this happens. I either get really disoriented or really grumpy when I'm pushed too far, neither of which is pleasant. Communication skills go down the drain. Lack of...
http://sikhchic.com/columnists/cms/articles/photo1/arjan-moth.gif  Show me the most wonderful-smelling thing you can think of. :D
I'm terrible at memorization, so I think I can relate a bit. I wish there was some sort of universal fix for remembering things, but if there is, I don't know about it... Here's what I do:  1.) If...
You know what? Today is a good day! I just got the job I've been after for months! :D I'm so happy, but also a little overwhelmed at the prospect of being the only undergrad in the lab, and having to...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwa6754O8SE  ...  http://i53.tinypic.com/a13h4p.jpg
Just went out with some friends to see Drive. Hadn't seen any previews, but knew the synopsis and that it was getting some pretty good reviews from critical sources. Considering that it's about a...
I can finally post links now! :D But apparently I can't edit my last post on this thread, so here I am again. The unaired Sherlock pilot can be found here a la Megavideo. :)
Today was the first day of classes for fall term, so naturally I dreamed about classes last night. It was confusing and stressful. My schedule got messed up and somebody accidentally changed my major...
Just made banana bread! :D Ate some while it was hot, and burnt my tongue a little. Worth it? OH YES.
I'm not a TERRIBLE driver per se, but definitely not the best either. Driving has never really come naturally. I failed my first license test. My J-type, excellent driver of a dad had me going on...
The whole artistic and quiet thing pretty much sums up my mousy little ISFP high-school self. :) I was always sitting in the back of class doodling on my notes. Had a few good friends, didn't make...
Well, I guess that is true for me to some extent. I'm not a people-reading wizard or anything, but keeping an open channel for peoples' emotion seems to pretty much be my default setting. This whole...
Last term of playing catch-up after switching majors. After this, I should be back on track and hopefully set to finish undergrad by the end of 4th year. :)  Intro to Thermal/Fluid Science...
Just finished The Time Traveler's Wife. Very enjoyable, got me a little sniffly at points, but not really my genre of choice. Now, onto The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo! :)
I think this is true for me. Pretty sure that my mom is and ISFJ, and my dad is an INTJ. While my dad's significantly more J-ish than my mom, both of my parents are much more organized than I am. ...
Oh my goodness, I love this thread! I can relate so much to the majority of posts. It's so nice seeing these thoughts being shared by so many other people. :) It's a nice sense of belonging, even if...
Oh, I love Sherlock! Watched all three episodes in one evening. I'm really looking forward to the new series. :) But the fourth episode, I'm not sure. As far as I've heard, it wasn't another story as...
Right now, I'm reading The Time Traveler's Wife by Audrey Niffenegger. It was a recommendation from a friend, and I'm actually finding it pretty interesting. :)  I dislike reading more than one...
When your dishes live in your sink until you run out of silverware... Then again, you still have chopsticks. Dishes tomorrow!  When your computer's desktop is almost full of programs, file folders,...
Welcome, fellow Oregonian-newbie! :)
THANK YOU GUYS! :kitteh:    Hahaha, nice. :) I think it's good that there's some mismatch. It's nice walking into a field of study and finding a variety of thinking styles.
Hello!  While I'm technically new as far as accounts go, I've been lurking around this site for a while now! So much interesting stuff, figured I ought to finally get into it. And here I am,...'"


1500: 'Wanted to continue this thread: http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/413594-dere-types-mbti.html  Started in a new thread because I dont want to bump old threads.  So anyway, what could be the...
ISTP's are sensitive but they dont like to show it lol, laughable at best. So that means they're arent sensitive? I'm an ISFP and I dont show my sensitivity much often.  So are humans hunters...
Wow, so much of a section designed to help, only to expect no help at all when you ask for help.  This forum is a ghost town.
PLEASE anyone? Seriously is this forum a deserted?
Here we go again... Is this is some trend in this forum to ignore my threads completely? Seriously, you look like an ***holes if you do that, for love of god, stop ignoring my threads.
It has been stated that ESFP's are Hyper active, always like being loud behavour, optimistic...  However, thats not really the case with me, I'm usualy quiet. In the school in class, I usualy sit...
Anyone played Elsword?  This is my typing:  Elsword - ESTP - Too many people type him ESFP, which in my opinion It's biased on stupid stereotypes. Aisha - XSFP (A very annoying one, her constant...
So, nobody bothered to type the characters?
Ok guys, I apologize for posting 3 threads...  But you guys seen the movie Ballerina?   Anyway, my typings. However, they're innacurate, so dont judge me lolz Felicia - ENFP Victor - ISFP...
Lets talk about that show called Ren and Stimpy that is once on Nickelodeon, despite the fact that I f*cking hate that show for obvious reasons, I'm still corious about the characters MBTI...
As an ESFP:  1. ESTP 2. ENFP 3. ISTP
I can like or dislike any human with any MBTI type. It's sad to see people hate some of MBTI personalities because of stereotypes, biasesd reasons and/or other nonsensical reasons.  My final...
Boy, It's weird that no one even bothered to type the characters from that pupolar game. The game is pretty popular, but no one bothered to type the characters?  Like I tried to google Paladins...
Auroras Daughter (Her name is audrey) smells more of an ESFP for me, based on her personality description that I found on youtube.  I didnt watched the movie, I only seen a few of those short...
Bump.  Everyone? Please?
Please. what are the Disney descendants characters MBTI personality!!!?!?!? XDXD
Hmm, I'm really corious how come people write in the comments OMG! this trick works YAY!!! My eye are purple now XD! SUBSCRIBED!!!! Just look at the comments section of the video, I mean why people...
I watched this video, it says Eye color change, for me it didnt really work, however, I've seen many comments saying It works!!! Thank you! even through there are comments saying it did not work...
Sit on my computer, watch youtube videos, have fun just being on the internet and playing video games.
Please, I would like you to help me figure out my eneagram.   I'm confused, wherether I'm am 7w6, 6w7, 7w8 or 4w3. It's very confusing, and I can't figure it out.
And note, I dont try to spread hate against him. Most of the things that in the video he say is right. Only what offended me is the part that he stated eveyone who has anime drawing style or have...
What do you think?  Personaly, I think this word is overused. You're not allowed to have atleast one piece of anime character on your avatar, you get called out as weeaboo. Yes, you may ask, It's...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBOD8qeCBuc&list=LLjbjhfG4iuTtblg0Ls5Komg&index=84  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42CK0JSf0I8&list=LLjbjhfG4iuTtblg0Ls5Komg&index=85 ...
Ok, I think there needs to be a thread where we discuss the battlefield games.  Lets start.  Battlefield 2. I cant really tell much about this game. I never played this game on my childhood, I...
Oh, nice to see a thread for this.  My best edited video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8uz5qPkl84  Participating in a Tournament, and winning 3rd place (However, It's not my best record)....
Doom 2016 on Nightmare difficulty...
Here is things that makes me angry:  Oh no!!!!111! U have anime character as avatar u must be teh weeaboo xdxd - This nonsense started from FilthyFrankTV, he even compared Anime characters as...
Oh boy... Because you hate someone based on their MBTI letters... GG humanity...  Well ok, I'll just say what I dislike what people do: When a certain feature you dont like, in a game, and you...
Which type likes pizza?
lolzies, I dont know. Ask those who like to associate those stereotypes with ESFP.
I can already listen to music that I like in my PC.  If I would like to go outside with my friends then I would choose more fun places than those boring concerts.
Feelers r teh mure lik3ly to cri cuz dey r teh feelrs xd xd
ESFP's are most likely to be stupid.  ESFP's are most likely to die first, because you know... stupid.  ESFP's are most likely to be a character that always getting mocked, because of being...
I've decided to continue this thread: http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/725562-vent-guess-type-above-based-vent.html  here because I don't think everyone would like to get that suddently...
Intj
Kiss: INFJ Marry: ISTJ Bed: ESFP  ISFP, ESTP, ENTJ
Only people who just limiting themselves to stereotypes will think that Feelers will cry more than thinkers.
Welp, It's funny how this thread attracted alot of INTJ's lol, keep dancing nerds.  Dear INTJ's, please, do me a favour and return back to your INTJ's forum if you don't like this thread. Not...
How come everyone gets what they want in the recommendations and I get dancing games?
Yes, another over-reaction thread from me, but what I can do when It's just getting irritating so much whereas I cannot take it anymore.  Why does the ESFP personality always getting mocked? Why in...
I'm very sorry for thread bump, but why does everyone think that Elsword is ESFP?
That means I'm ESFP with Se dominant?  Well, ok, thanks for help.
When I'm someone with else, depends.  When we start just talking with eachother, and I see that the person is nice and trustfull, then I start asking random questions such as Which countries you...
This is so confusing, I knew I didn't really releate to ESFP.  ESFP is optimistic personality. But I'm a Realistic person.  ESFP likes to help other people, but I don't really bothered helping...
Anyone knows the MBTI personality types of the Disney descendants characters?
I like to watch his videos because his rage reactions everytime he gets killed in the game is hilarious.  However, I'm corious about his MBTI type, what is his MBTI personality type? ...
kiss - INTP Marry - ESFJ Bed - ESTP  ESFP, INTJ, ENFP   P.S: Look at those who replaced Kiss with kill just to show their hatred towards certain pesonalities...
ESFP here...  Put a russian flag as a placeholder, just simply to represent that I'm russian.  But really, If I have knowledge on how to draw myself in anime form, with cat ears because I'm born...
Battlefield is more of an ESFP not ESTP, same for CoD.
We all know that MMORPG's likes to use Elements...  Water Air Earth Fire Nature Metal Darkness Light'"


1638: 5w4-4w5-8w9 Sp/Sx  http://stwww.skateboardermag.com/files/2011/09/Dylan-Rieder.jpg http://data1.whicdn.com/images/33545555/tumblr_m3qn8llpN31rnoquao1_500_large.png
3w2-7w8-9w8 So/Sp  http://thedroidyourelookingfor.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/magician-42.jpg
1w9-3w2-6w5 Sp/So  http://cinecube.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/f-for-fake-welles-criterion-dvd-review-sub-sample.jpeg...
9w1-2w3-5w6 Sp/So  http://userserve-ak.last.fm/serve/500/72029714/Bon+Iver+++DL+ANDERSON.png http://25.media.tumblr.com/0b37510632506183536439cc578c9f2a/tumblr_mpbwuhCF7b1ruz0y6o1_500.jpg
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_-DEs7UrK-Aw/SjTaPWgo7pI/AAAAAAAAAec/S3jxp4Cla3k/s320/Ant%C3%B3nio+Varia%C3%A7%C3%B5es+006.jpg http://userserve-ak.last.fm/serve/_/49736535/Antnio+Variaes+Antnio.jpg...
Kanye is a nervous head type (cp6w7) disintegrating to 3.  What you describe is actually descriptive of an average 8, and an unhealthy cp6, respectively. Unhealthy cp6s are offensive when they...
8w7. He seems more concerned with dominance, power, and gluttony than he is about image for its own sake. His presence is also pretty gut-center:   http://youtu.be/azzsZyTjKjc
7w6-9w1-2w3 Sp/So    http://estaticos01.elmundo.es/elmundo/imagenes/2012/11/09/cultura/1352497093_0.jpg http://www.frameworkonline.com/Issue52/01.png
8w7-3w4-6w5 Sp/Sx  http://02varvara.files.wordpress.com/2008/05/andrei-tarkovsky.jpg...
Tyler Durden is a Ni user.
Yup. That's what I guessed.  @Marlowe  INFP 4w5-6w5-9w8 Sp/Sx  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/9/95/José_de_Urrea.jpg/200px-José_de_Urrea.jpg
L to R: 1w2, 9w1, 9w8, 2w3, 6w5  http://www.newwavefilm.com/images/Eric_Rohmer.jpg http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/Eric_Rohmer_cinematheque_2004-04.jpg...
6w7-2w3-9w1 So/Sx  http://graphics8.nytimes.com/packages/images/photo/2010/01/11/0111-rohmer/10006626.JPG...
After going through a lengthy, ongoing period of existential depression I've lost all interest in anything external, including career, responsibility and socializing. It's all meaningless to me, none...
http://var.vdkimg.com/vodkaster/storage/images/films/la-collectionneuse/screenshots/9825e-image-de-la-collectionneuse-393/22307376-1-fre-FR/9825e-image-de-La-Collectionneuse-393_screenshot_large.jpg
I usually feel self-conscious about it.
ISFP    http://25.media.tumblr.com/HUdTIphSXqx2yow7VH1cJo3qo1_500.jpg http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-t1WpAhzLtY8/TashLWEhMgI/AAAAAAAAAHg/Y800wY1RVIM/s1600/Panda%252BBear.jpg
INFJ or ISFP     http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9g3hn34Ci1rf1emso1_500.jpg http://rocktransmission.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/bon-iver.jpg...
One poster posts a picture of someone, the next poster guesses, and follows it up with a (set of) picture for the next person to type.  ...
Like a misogynistic joke for example?
Although he's somewhat overbearing and I don't agree with his philosophy on film, he certainly doesn't come off as stupid.
IS?J 9w1? Start at 2:00.   http://youtu.be/xLhHOR8W--I
I value tolerance, perceptiveness, tact, respect for other's privacy, sincerity, intellegence, wisdom and individuality.
What would you say your Fi-related values are?
I've been incredibly neglectful for the past week or so.
I think that's just phobic 6w7 laziness/apathy due to stress. I'm not very adventurous either.
@arkigos Whats  your opinion on Quentin Tarantino's type?  Se or Ne? He's an IQ-160, apparently.   http://youtu.be/feyJdBFCT70 http://youtu.be/ityk0MVWVcA  I can buy ENTP for him, but his films...
.
ISFP 4w3-6w7-9w1 So/Sx
1w9-5w4-4w5 Sp/Sx  http://foglobe.com/data_images/main/ingmar-bergman/ingmar-bergman-02.jpg http://www.linusjonkman.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/936full-ingmar-bergman.jpg...
His judgments are ethical/emotional rather than logical (getting touchy over any sort of harm done to children for example).
Bump.
Woody Allen (ISTP) is another one. I can also see Louis Ck being SeNi:   http://youtu.be/VMeXGE_a8Gg  http://youtu.be/nuO4OZJ5ncY   @arkigos What do you think?
7w6-2w3-9w8 Sx/So   http://thehiphopupdate.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/hypebeast-vs-nardwuar-1-620x413.jpg http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a5/Nardwuar1-photo-rgb_NR.jpg...
u200bNi Fi Ti Te
1. Do ISFPs think about their past a lot? Like past relationships, past friendships, etc..?  All the time. It's usually triggered by a seemingly unrelated song, thought or occurrence. For example,...
Isfp.   http://youtu.be/bfhEQL6b_7o
The 8 would be the only one left standing.
8w9-5w4-3w4 Sx/Sp  http://foglobe.com/data_images/main/francois-truffaut/francois-truffaut-07.jpg...
Not my experience of it. I'm very limbic, moreso than many intuitives. Se makes you hyper aware of people's reactions to you, while Ni takes that, and blows it out of proportion.  In theory, Se...
The way that she seemed 'intrigued' by him, along with that comment she made right at the end ('I know you're not an asshole...') struck me as NF-ish for some reason. Either that, or NFJ if I were to...
Mark Zuckerberg: INTJ 5w6-3w4-8w9 So/Sp Eduardo: ?STJ 6w7-3w2-9w1 So/Sx Sean Parker: ENTP 7w8-3w2-9w8 So/Sx Winkle boss Twins: ENTJ 3w2 So/Sp Rashida Jones: ENFP
Image-fixes  ENFP: 2w3, 4w3, 3w2 INFP: 2w1, 3w2, 4w5 ENTP: 3w2, 3w4 INTP: 2w1, 3w2  ENTJ: 3w4, 3w2 INTJ: 3w4, 3w2 ENFJ: 3w2, 3w4, 2w3, 4w3
I can't participate in any of my routine coke-fueled Sensor orgies without thinking about Myers Briggs and Jungian psychology.
6w5-3w2-1w9 Sp/Sx  http://www.tasteofcinema.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/John-Cassavetes.jpg...
Godard's obsession with revolutionary politics after the New Wave period is pretty obvious NiTi-looping. I don't get NeSi from him like a lot of people seem to.   Although he isn't as interested in...
John Cassavetes - ENTJ 7w8 Igmar Bergman - INFJ 4w5 Francois Truffaut - INFP 6w5 Jean-Luc Godard - INFJ 5w6 David Fincher - ISTP 6w7 Andrei Tarkovsky - INFJ 4w5 Akira Kurosawa - INFJ 4w5...
I was shy, fearful, curious and somewhat hyperactive. I liked reading, spending time with friends, playing video games, and browsing the internet. I didn't like violence, delinquency, smoking,...
Bump
Adult INFPs can be surprisingly similar to ISJs in certain respects."


1684: 'Did anyone else notice that the OP's profile is now nonexistent...!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PvBc2TOpE4
I think that's kinda what we've been using the http://personalitycafe.com/isfp-forum-artists/57370-isfp-confessions-thread.html thread for.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWUwB9IKJN4
3-5 pounds is pretty typical for average female daily weight fluctuation. This happens to me all the time. Though I do notice sometimes when I'm super busy / stressed I will lose weight more quickly,...
I think... I sort of romanticize certain moments in the past. Which are usually Se-related. Like being on top of a mountain or something like that. But I think the longer time goes on for me the more...
Well I know why *I* don't use eyeshadow hardly ever - it sucks! Lol. It always ends up creasing and mixing with my eyeliner and whatnot, even if I use a primer underneath. And there's no way I'm...
First of all, you are so sweet. The fact that you think about these things and care enough to try and improve your interactions with her is so important and, in and of itself, it proves your...
This made my day... XD thank you.
I am pretty boring. I do the same thing almost every day.  Moisturizer Tinted powder foundation Concealer Mascara  That's it. Makes it easier for work in the morning. And I've just gotten used...
I like this playlist, but to it I would add:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bg1sT4ILG0w   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2LpOUwca94   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptvWzJoS-fM
Most of the posts are 3+ years old if you'll notice...
Welp. I'm not sure which test I did before, but I just took the Pottermore one and got Ravenclaw. It put both me and my ISTJ sister in the same house.   ¯_(ツ)_/¯
Lol... i wouldn't have any power either way..?
Wait... you don't? We can fix that.
No, overalls are A-OK. For some reason they don't produce the same cringe effect as rompers. I never liked wearing overalls myself but I think they look fun on other people lol.
Right?! I don't remember much about my childhood but I distinctly remember a romper my mother made me wear and I hated that piece of clothing with a fiery passion that has yet to be matched.
Is google stalking me  ... the answer is YES. Very much so.
No matter how hard I try, I cannot take that model seriously. #insta-ugly
Lol I got Slytherin for some reason... I don't think my downfalls are being sadistic or deceitful though. XD I don't really fit into any of them, but I suppose I resonate more with the strengths of...
I have learned to expect a lot of people to not follow through, because this has happened so many times to me. I'll forgive them and whatnot but the next time I make plans with them I don't keep my...
I feel the most beautiful when someone notices my best qualities and makes me aware of them. It's easy to get caught up in how I think I want to appear or comparing every aspect of my life to others,...
Why on earth would you say that.
You go girl! You'll be a knockout for sure. ^.^
Do ISTP's dislike being complimented about themselves? I have this one friend who always compliments me on random things like my water bottle or my shoes or for making a strategic move in a game or...
Yessss omg that would be amazing. My cubicle is on the third floor of the office and boy would I love to slide down 2 stories haha.
I have a strong attachment to this one kind of chocolate chip cookie, which is good for you and is moist and delicious. No one would ever guess the ingredients included garbanzo beans haha.
That is so amazing though!! Love that idea lol
I get a lot of random ideas for various kinds of inventions, which rarely pan out because I don't possess the skills / knowledge to bring the idea to fruition, but they're still fun to think about....
I probably could figure it out if I gave it a while. But it doesn't interest me, so... haha
Depends on why I don't like them haha. Also, if I know them super well but don't like them, sometimes I'm overly blunt because I figure they'll forgive me or whatever. If I don't know them well and...
Fi / Ni loop... for the win!
Yeah I was going to say, it is a combination of Fi / Ni. Seeing something that would work (knowing it would work intuitively) and flying with it because it matches personal values / morals.
Ni tries to predict future outcomes based on past patterns. I suspect that we ISFP's use it mainly in a more sensory way (paired with Se, we are usually more skilled at athletics or other things that...
Simultaneously, that I would show too much emotion, and that I wouldn't show enough.
You're a dull person  You are so chipper in the morning   I don't like your style  All you need is art  You should run for president
I seem to attract just about anyone on a surface level lol. Which is super annoying cuz they are mostly people I don't find attractive. Maybe it's more half and half and I just don't know because the...
I just now noticed that the title of the thread reads sentance.... #rewritethisthread  It is seriously bothering me
People who use my fuzzy blanket without asking. >.>
So true. Though I don't know how exaggerated it is lol! I pretty much feel like those things inside 24/7. I just don't always act on them.
My favorite used to be purple... sort of. Like, whenever someone asked me I said purple, but I didn't really have a reason lol. Now it's blue, but I couldn't pick just one shade or tint of blue. I...
Seems like most ISFP's have young faces. I sure do. I've heard that with a pixie cut I look older. That was like 6 years ago though...
It's not just about the subjects themselves. I think it's more about what those things allow you to achieve for yourself; what ultimate purpose do they serve? I think both of these subjects promote...
Control freakery... I appreciate the phrasing. XD  1. Yup. All the time.   2. It's like... if a tree started growing its branches in wild directions, making them tangle up. It makes me want to...
I love Irish stepdancing... if I hadn't done ballet I would have done that for sure. I suppose I could still learn lol. Love the music too!
Dad - ENFJ Mom - INFJ  I'm honestly still not sure how they've stayed together so long... they can be very diametrically opposed. I have 5 siblings and only two people in my family have the same...
I have two INTJ brothers, one older and one younger. :) I love them both more than words can describe. I think we share a special connection because even as an ISFP I am quite intuitive. I often pick...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAkj3vVi23Y&feature=youtu.be
I seem to be on edge a lot of the time. Like not necessarily with anger or whatever, but I just get nervous about things for no reason. My heart will start pounding when I get a text message from...
When you were talking about risk and being in the moment... yes. I like playing poker with friends for this very reason. I'm somewhat competitive but even if I lose I still enjoyed it. It fascinates...'"


1695: 'Well gosh. You're certainly quite the chipper one aren't you? While I do agree, that, to a large degree, the only person who is fully capable of helping you is yourself, sometimes there are just a...
Hrm. Well... I'm still looking into Enneagrams but, I'm primarily within the two category.  I'm also an Aries if that helps any...(lol like that is useful on a psychology form) So I fit a wee...
I realized just how much I like being there for people I care about, in a better way than I was able to for my ex. If anything happened, it was my break-up. Haven't had a real hard cry in a damn...
Truth. I have gone throuugh many long periods like that, which was why, back in high school, I was so desperate to figure out just what the hell my prupose in existing was. I came up with many things...
Well, thanks for the insight, as well as the link. I'll make sure to read it thoroughly and apply anything I've managed to learn to my character development. I really want to do the best I can with...
Here I always thought I simply had troubles making paragraphs in my stories, but now I see it applies to well, everything. Seems my writing style just doesn't go so well with multiple sentences,...
Sad but very, very true, in my case. There is almost always a reason for me not go out and do something outside of my little zone of personal space. Whether it be going to the library to make use of...
:shocked:  Curse you for noticing that, I hadn't even noticed that before, tis really is a bit of a nuance when I look back on that.  It happens... all the damn time now that I look at it.
:kitteh: Gracie.  This is very helpful. I'll make adjustments to be more fitting.  So in theory, she'd have troubles with my male lead then... I was a bit concerned that might be the case, but I...
From a personal perspective....  Um.  Well... I can't think of anything off the bat. I don't like thinking about the negative qualities of people.  Yet.... I loooooove thinking about the...
I already am aware there is likely to be inconsistencies with this character's overall personality, and since she is supposed to be most like an ENTJ in typing to help balance out the main character,...
Yes. Plain and simple, yes. Some consider me quite fluent in the language of eloquent speech, some consider me a master storyteller, some consider me a talentless hack who can't write worth poo....
I suppose I can't say casting images and ideas into my head counts as an artistic medium.  Well.  The dishes in the sink for one.  Minecraft for another(I am more comfortable using it to make...
I think it is external forces Le9aceyMuse is more concerned with than being a threat unto himself. Like his predetermined time is almost up. As crazy as it may or may not sound.  He's taking care...
I tend to not even need an apology if I like the person enough. >.>' I'm quite a bit easy to earn the favour of, though not trust. All one person would have to do to get back in my gracious favor...
Lol, it is the thought that counts. If I could get her to listen I'd gladly try to get her to use cash when we go shopping for groceries if it increases the likelihood of actually having money in...
Frustrated. Pissed really. For the past 5 weeks, despite all of my proactive planning, our grocery bill has been consistently high, way higher than it ever should have been to begin with. Instead...
o.o She's a pretty one she is. -drools-  May not be your exact one, but... if I played guitar I'd strongly consider that one.  Neh. Some threads can take a while to really pick up. Patience is...
Favorite stuffs...  Hmm...  Well...  I like anime. I like games. I like music. I like food (sweets particularly).  But specifics of them?
You will need someone who will listen to you, who won't perceive you or judge you to be anything different than a guy with his own problems, and preferably a loyalist through and through. Fairly...
Ummmm...  Lemme think.  Endearment, both ways.  Overwhleming sadness.  Not depression, no, not depression.
Why welcome! Welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome! Hi there and how do you do? It is lovely having you here with us, yes, lovely indeed. There are loads of things to learn here, so feel...
Do you have any friends. Any friends at all? This is the very first question I feel needs asking.
Umm. Okay. See. I was once that very girl you are talking about. When I met a guy at school who showed me enough interest to actually want to spend a modicum amount of time with, I'd kinda do...
My friend most certainly went on a date of sorts. With a former flame of hers who desired to make up for being an ass to her when he was interested in her long ago. It turned out quite well, even...
When.... When... You just want to say something, anything, but can't, not because you can't think of anything to say, or are unable to say what you want, but are always thinking upon the potential...
-raises hand- So um.  I has a confession.  I have an obsessive compulsive desire to watch any and all things anime, and even if it sucks like hell, and is sheer torture to watch, I absolutely am...
Neither of the INFPs I know listen to music that I would consider crappy. Of course... *.* I like a lot of music stuffs.  Maybe I too like crappy music, and do not realize it. I prefer to believe...
Well, I have proven it time and time again. It's hell however for me. My entire personal life is on the web. The moment I lose access to it, I do kinda freak.  I'm... working on this however....
Yup. Weird is generally not a bad thing, though some may perceive it as bad. Not everyone cares for weird, but they're not the people who matter to me anyways. Normal may not be overrated, as...
DJ Derm Turtle is twistin out the tunes while we wait for the traditional mexican party bad to show up to play all our favorite classis fiesta music liiiive. Liiiiiivvveeee.  While this Fiesta! is...
Muey Bueno!  XD  Then candies are a must!  Si! Filled with chocolate, hard candies, tiny peanut bags, fruit packets and gooey snacks. Cinnamon balls and spicy sweets.  We'll hang him high,...
http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSgQA0uvqWO35g6kkkXQKwsicUnUUHv0NsTPAoU9AoJ3O_fmR25qQ  Ahh... World's cutest vacuum cleaner. Otherwise known as the Water Bear.
;.; I wish I understood most of that.  Okay, another go at research time to try and figure out what you just said.  Nice to see some actual science in here though.
Chippity, chippity, mmm I like some chippities. Gracias dear senorita, and welcome to the fiesta. As you can see, things are merely just getting warmed up.  Tonight will surely be, quite...
Mebbe. Just mebbe.  It could be any creepy little kitty with the big grin staring into the crowd lookiing like it wants to murderlize any who get too close, and privately seeking to dominate the...
Mwahahahahah!  IT'S FIESTA TIME!!!  -cackles evilly-  Now get out your macarena's, your tacos, and your favorite dancing shoes, it is time to Fiesta!  While I'd naturally love to add an air...
Then mediocre I shall remain to you. I don't usually make promises to strangers, but I can promise you this, I will continue to learn what I can learn, even if it means coming up with results none...
You have one specific thing I appreciate about you, your consistency. For the past two days, you have amused me with your views. Slowly you have xplained to us further why you hold such views.  I...
ooo... Hey, hey, hey, I know this game.  So, so, what is your motivation? Do you seek, to understand us? Or do you seek to fix us somehow? I must say though, you've been quite fun so far. I...
We all have our dreams. I've dreamt of adventure many a time. That was not the point. I do explore, have explored, will explore. We do have curiousity. We approach it far differently though. I...
Hohoho. You may not have noticed, but we tend to prefer our own little worlds that we have created within ourselves versus the external worlds. It is not always the case of course, as for example I...
Oh I would double post again.
It is all too easy to slip back into the state you're in now. Once this cycle begins, it is hard to escape from it completely, before slipping right back into it. I'm going to guess that the...
Twas the night before St. Valentine's Day, all was quiet, all was dull, there was not even the sound of a text buzzing through on the cell. School had been as meaningless as ever, all the boys were...
What? We can't simply be interested in rhetoric too? Some of us have goals you know. Perhaps we really DO wanna dominate the world... With love songs, emo poetry, ice cream, cute puppies piglets...
Haven't felt like this since oh... now. The inability to ever give my closest friend what she needs or wants... The constant fear of losing her as a friend due to my failure to be the friend she...
I suggest we start with loving on the children first. They like us a lot, which allows us easy access to their families.  Once we meet the families, let's all start dancing, wind up on TV or...
I like pretending Trolls are those ugly cute little dolls I used to play with as a kid with that super funky colored hair. Yes. Except, they're always nakie.
Fhhh. The consistency of telling us we're wrong did seem to suggest that.'"


1761: well you are sad and want to be happy but don't list why you are sad, so my advice is go do happy things
just do what u like, is that so hard. i'm a high school graduate that plays runescape and wow
or my 1975 rolex date just, with vvvvvvvs diamond dials, with gold from king tut's coffin
if you can find a buyer for my 40m red diamond dog tag
get a degree in something you like, i rather work for a day then a year.
huge airheads, well developed and their extremely welcoming and can actually think.
a bad one
be a cop
just work at mcdonalds and try to get 50% off mmmmmmmmmm
your name is insinuating, extremely. your profile picture, your sig. either you are completely self absorbed, therefore it's cool B, or you are a tryhard bbb
hug him tight next time and say, never let me go baby
when you tell someone not to care, remember we aren't walking racialists. how can you have that as your name, any half-assed person could immediately pick up on it. Before you call me a hypocrite,...
i'm more of a video gamer
working out releases many endorphins, eat healthy foods you enjoy. do things you like and stay far away from things you hate or anything that is closely associated.
never works out, sounds like ur a keg
would help if we knew why
look, this is something you need to see a psychologist about. you're destroying the norm and all its social constricts when you go down this road, not to offend.. i don't want it to seem like you're...
you're asking if you have Asperger's, a is the primary and the rest is just the break down. if you exhibit all of this you're most likely a genius in the pacifist community. now if you want to do...
besides making others think their inferior because they aren't so self absorbed
more like 99%
hello i am rico and i'm from the united states. I live in Boston and recently discovered this type profile thing. It's very interesting, however, and unfortunately so.. extremely frustrating. I've..."


1780: 'I can be naiive enough to think that I'm uncomfortable living in a society that considers sex a commodity.
this is interesting. everyone here identifies as smart, but few report intellectualism. how do you guys experience your smarts, more specifically? do your energies get funneled in to intra-personal...
I think my Fi emergency button is a little sensitive... I tend to go off like this alot... best not talk about politics around me just in case... :P
chwoey  She violated my personal views by failing to question the implications of a large-scale policy on the quality of citizen life.  As far as I'm concerned, no one, ever, ever, ever should...
This morning while I was eating breakfast, a woman sitting near me was talking about how she wanted to legalize prostitution for 'economic reasons'. I was about an inch away from walking over to her...
I LOVE THIS THREAD.  watching a friend get her face painted.   (who would guess that would be so funny? I'd have a hard time holding in the laughter if i was the one painting. Must be even more...
Why has nobody mentioned Chicago yet? Pretty buildings, lots of art, friendly people... lake. lake lake lake lake lake.
This is a serious problem for me. When I'm low, I find that giving myself a day or two off --completely alone with absolutely no schedule or responsiblity-- is critical. When it gets really bad,...
Huh. I wouldn't have pegged him as an INTP, just because I usually feel a communication gap with NTPs in conversation and these lyrics hit me *so* hard. (Maybe the key to fixing my relationships is...
yep sounds like me. haha. i just can't ever tell if it's worth it.
I sing folk songs with guitar/violin but my nerves are awful and even if I manage to make it through a song at a party or something, I can't do much more than shut up a few drunk hipsters. haha I...
I think my favorite thing about this thread is that you all write these lovely/beautiful/adorable descriptions, and I know they're all true. :)
35869  grainygrainygrainy and wearin' headphones but this album's good and i didn't wanna take em off. ;)
hey, digitalceremony! do you like The National.   I was watching this video earlier and noticed some similarities between Matt here and our friend Jim. But, I think he might be INFJ. What do you...
High Violet/ The National. *cries*
These are some very honest, courageous responses. Definitely the ideal I aspire to, but I don't know if I'd really be as strong as you guys if someone approached me romantically while I was in a...
ISFPs, How do you define your happy? What gets you to that place?  What's your relationship with long-term-happiness? How do you maintain it now, how do you envision you will maintain it in the...
Well. OK. I'm going to be a little different. I dunno, you guys tell me if this is simmilar to your experience.  I can't really imagine Se or Ni with out the other. Se needs Ni to undestand the...
I thought she was INTJ almost definitively. We share functions with them, so it makes sense. This is how I see it...  She's definitely on the Se/Ni spectrum, I cannot imagine her with all the...
I never understand you guys... thinking hurts. XD  For some reason, lonely INTPs are usually very drawn to me. I'm almost always *intrigued* by them in response, but I find them especially...
oh my god i love books. i could talk for hours. when you say 'deep' what are you looking for? That takes on a lot of different meanings for different people.  If you're in to pretty language,...
Thank you, brave souls.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMVN5rPLCoE  This strikes me as very ISFPish. 'I've come test the timbre of my heart...'
I feel this way sometimes, but I don't know if this exactly type related. (Unless the ISFP tendency toward chaos and spontaineity is keeping you from sleeping, eating regularly, giving yourself...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kffacxfA7G4&ob=av2e  no shame
Oh my goodness! I would have never taken Just Like Honey to be about oral... gwahahaha. I hope the girl knows. XD  This is so interesting... gosh. He's just such a cool character. (BAH. I really...
I love art-- anything beautiful, actually-- so much it's disgusting. I can't listen to music in public becuase I'd feel like I'd just made out with everyone in the room. Concerts can make me feel the...
I really really relate to the part about Te. Most of my planners have become diaries. XD To-do lists (and the associated thinking) have been growing on me as I've gotten busier and they have begun to...
Hi! I'm jumping in to agree as an ISFP 9. I don't spend time thinking about or naming my values. In fact, I have a really hard time understaning any sort of justice system, even an...
Sometimes I skip class and spend the day in a grocery store when I'm stressed out, but that's the most running away I do. the feeling resonates though.  I'm really frightened of being home since I...
Same! I'll stay up just to get in to that zone, and write my heart out.   Early monring is beautiful, beautiful, beautiful in the spring, though. (at least in the midwest US) It's hard to stay up...
Speaking of whom.... Heath Ledger? It frightens me a little bit, so that tells me it's something that I care about. And, the perfectionism without regret? I can relate to that one. :P  ...
Dead on. The planning kills me. It's important to be in touch with the moment and the feelings in it-- you know when you get there exactly what is right; when a guy pulls back and tries to shove the...
Hi, guys! I'm new. :) I'm trying to learn how to name my functions as I use them.  Curious-- how do you experience using your Fi/Se/Ni/Te? Tell me stories? :crazy:
UGH. YES. So much so that I was in tears when I realized I'm an ISFP. (That's horrible! ISFPs are great! We have Ryan Gosling!!) Is there a thread/ forum that deals with this issue? I'd really like...
calm, snowflakes! we are all nonsense. :P  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OsXcCMTT7Q&feature=fvsr  Butting in ex post facto (this thread is great, I've just got to say something)-- I agree with...
Fuck. I love this band.  Yeah. I agree with INTJ. Just thinking about the lyrics on Psychocandy, he uses visual symbolism in funny ways. Think The Living End-- he introduces himself as charachter...
I completely understand-- I think you're really fighting for this, though-- the describing you're doing doesn't seem to be lavish/indulgent/ superficial. This is a critical moment for you, and I...
ugh. I know. It gets to be a rediculous, draining process. I'm hesitant to type you because I've been mistyped by folks on the internet, and was sent in to some crazy brain-loops that took a very...
I really like this site. :) I don't want to type you for you, but I think you'll know pretty instantly what is you when you read it. It may also help you out with your parents. Your dad sounds a bit...
thanks.   reading that helped me decide--finally, now-- that i'm going to take a couple of months away from the internet and read jung on my own. i trust myself enough to get the job done. it'll be...
I agree with AimfortheBrain in some respects. It's particulary difficult to type someone when you mostly see them when they are angry. That said, if you feel that learning thier type is especially...
I agree. ENFP is secretly my favorite personality type. (Though, I shouldn't say that!) I'm always on the lookout for you guys. Your Ne and Fi seem strong to me. Si seems to be absent. Probably the...
Deleted this-- embarassed.
love all the talking heads on this thread!
yesss. Well said. The hard to socialze part... man. haha. all the time. :P
PlushWitch yes. sorry. I didn't mean to distract you all from the point. There's totally a correlation and I respect it. I just felt the need to blurt/ remind everyone to kind of stick it to the man...
Just curious how you guys spend time in your head.  Most of the time, I have conversations with imaginary versions of people I know. Sometimes I'll get obsessed with an idea (Si obsessions?) and...
Jumping in to this conversation because I really need to get something out.  I think we need to stop spending so much time trying to justify these sytems in terms of eachother. Like, well, I'm 3w4...
hahaha. spot on! funny how type seems to be so *shallow* at the same time that it is incredibly intricate. it's there the whole time-- i mean, type can be so incredibly obvious-- but it still gets...'"


1835: 'More than anything else, I'm scared to death of not being a good enough partner. I'm not a demanding type and don't require much of my other half, so that's no worry, but there's always this fear...
Haha ZoeM, I can relate. Food (and sometimes even the thought/possibility of it) gets me excited.  I think we're sometimes seen as childish because we don't seem concerned with the parts of life...
http://cl.ly/image/2R3p2C1u2z3w/album-tri-state.jpg.png     Air for Life (with Andy Moor) Tri-State Above & Beyond
You should go out more! You should be more outgoing! You'd look amazing if you worked out!
Anything and everything from what I'm going to eat after getting out to how I should deal with something to yet another addition to my things I want to make list. I seem to spend most shower time...
Left Brain Right Brain   38% 62%    Your Left Brain Percentages
Fellow ISFPs, which do you more frequently find yourself feeling: understated or overstated? Are you more subtle or vibrant in your self-expression?
Dunno if it's what you're talking about, but sometimes when I put on my headphones, turn on some music, and fire up photoshop the rest of the world just disappears and I'll wake up hours later with...
Mine is pretty boring/tame at the moment, being short with its natural dirty blonde/brownish coloration. I've had it down past my armpits a couple of times, though.  I've never done it before,...
dillettante has it right I think. At least in my case, talking to girls is no problem and even fun in a normal day-to-day or conversational context, but the moment I try to approach the same girl...
To me, some of these are great, but others not so much. I love images that contain colorful space scenes or anything warm, alive, and soft. Sharp styles are interesting under the right circumstances,...
As an ISFP, I think the craziest thing I've ever done was quietly drink a Chu-hi (google it if you're not familiar) and eat a bowl of microwave soba noodles while sitting in my apartment and surfing....
Yeah, I've been accused of being a stoner several times. People are usually shocked when I tell them otherwise.  I'd say it's due to my calm, laid back, quiet demeanor and because my eyes usually...
While I am not exceptionally talented at anything in particular, I have gravitated to various creative activities since I was young. Many hours of my youth were spent doodling anything from plans for...
Personality, intelligence, temperament, etc are all key factors for me. While I may find myself sexually attracted to a beautiful woman, if she has a terrible personality that is at odds with my own...
As an ISFP, I've always been terrible at math and even worse at any maths from Algebra up. I can't remember how to do anything in it to save my neck and it's frustrating as hell.  I've found,...
Currently, I am a college student that's taking off a semester or two to get back on my feet financially.  I haven't settled on what I want to do for a career, but I'm fairly certain it's something...
If you're wondering what self-frustration is, well…  Basically, at times I find myself incredibly frustrated about something about myself. Usually, it's something negative (or at least that I see...
Such inconsistencies really bother me, too. If I don't have to talk/deal with the person again then I'll usually let it go, but for someone I'll be speaking with at least semi-regularly, I usually...
I listen the a variety of different music going from classic rock like Pink Floyd, The Moody Blues, and Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers to modern stuff such as Foo Fighters, Matchbox 20, Linkin Park...
Well, here's a photo I recently took for a different photo thread:  http://iindigo3d.com/junk/lotsapics/beardlol.png     And one from last November, taken while I was doing a recording gig...
To be entirely honest I'm not even sure I know how to flirt :confused:
Haha, I feel like this every time I view somebody's profile on purpose (usually to sate some form of curiosity). I can't help but worry that the owner of the profile might think I'm some sort of...
Alright, keep in mind that I have zero industry experience, but here's what I've gathered from speaking to others who ARE involved with the industry compiled together with my own observations. ...
A significant factor for me is how good she is at conversation. It's really nice finding a girl who can do her part to keep a conversation running without me needing to constantly kick-start it back...
That would be me - eldest in the family and an ISFP. My younger brother (2nd oldest sibling) is an ISTP and my sisters' (1st and 3rd oldest siblings) types are unknown.
Both of these posts describe me as well. At college, people are always telling me to speak up, to be more assertive, and to just do it when it comes to things that require a decision to be made...
The statement has truth to it, though. Apple designs their operating system to work with a very specific subset of hardware, making it much easier to test and get running well under all supported...
Yes, for power users the command line is an invaluable tool. I'm just saying that grandma, dad, and the 13-year old daughter are not going to find much use for it and will be greatly confused if they...
Oh I agree, I use the terminal constantly on my Mac, even for things as simple as FTPing stuff to my server. Despite that, it simply has no place in the usage of the technically illiterate, also...
The potential for Linux to succeed on the desktop is going to be severely hampered until the command line is absolutely, positively, 100% always unnecessary for everything under nearly every...
Those certainly wouldn't be bad places to live, and two years ago I probably would have agreed wholeheartedly. Staying in Tokyo for two years skewed my opinion some... it's nice to have anything you...
Just as the title suggests. Which places on our little blue planet are best suited for ISFPs in your opinion?  I would answer myself, but I really have no idea where I want to live :confused:
The ability to remember that I had dreamed the previous night definitely comes and goes in cycles. Sometimes I'll go for weeks or months without any notable dream memories and then all of the sudden...
I like games with vast worlds with no walls... the ones that take some time to fully explore. More standard linear games are alright too I guess, but they don't hold my attention for too long after...
I'm in a similar situation... 22 and haven't done anything. No sex, no kisses, no relationships. Beginning to wonder if that will ever change, with nobody of the opposite gender having shown interest...'"


1856: '1) I'd tell her if she asked about it. I'd forget to tell her if she didn't ask.  2) I was in that position and I did tell her. Not a good time. I don't recommend getting yourself in that position....
Dear ESFJ,  I am sad we transitioned from girlfriend/boyfriend to friends.  I am sad that my tendency to retreat into alone time was tough for you to handle.  I am sad that my efforts were not...
Dear ENFP,  I'll philia you anytime! :D  Love, ISFP
Oh I feel ya there, sister. You can only say I really really really like you so many times before people lose count of how many times you said really. But to say love is like putting your head...
My most recent sensory experience was in the mens restroom at work... the warm water in the sink.  When washing up in the sink I really enjoy feeling the warmth seep into my hands and face.
It wasn't too bad unless you stopped moving, or had to jump in an ice bath, or had to jump into a snow runoff lake, or had to belly crawl thru muddy water. ;) Other than that, it was great! :D
The groove is so back it's scary! :D I feel like I'm 20 again, only better! ;)
Why yes, yes I have. Just got back from a trip to beautiful Vermont where I ran a 10 mile Tough Mudder up and down the slopes of Mt. Snow. Was absolutely beautiful and exciting and tough and...
Dear ENFP,  If you have to ask, he's not doing it right... ;)  ISFP
Dear suspected ISFJ,  That was a good talk last night. You calmly accepting and easily agreeing with the idea that our future is something that shouldn't be thought about right now makes me think...
Dear ISTP peeps and esteemed others here,  Sorry about flooding your notifications with likes. I've been away for a bit and I am catching up on what I missed. It seems I like you all a lot! ;) ...
Hey Benja,  Here is the thread where I was exploring my  ISFP/ISTP confusion. The videos posted really helped me.  ...
I'd say Ah shit! Then stop to put the thing out of it's misery. While the thing was alive I'd feel bad for the pain it's in, and after it's dead I'd feel bad for the pain I had caused. But I'd...
CURSES!  You found me! ;)
I am so bad at typing others that it's a question i really can't answer.
He may be a player or he may not be. It's really not your issue.  The only thing you have to worry about is yourself. If he makes a move it's his fault if he gets shot down. He's a big boy and is...
Dear ISTP's and other denizens of this place,  I have been going thru an existential crisis lately. My ISTP’ness has been brought under fierce scrutiny and has not been up to the challenge. It has...
Wow, those videos really helped. Great education about the different functions. Let’s see. First off, Temperaments: There is almost no escaping I'm an SP. I'd MUCH rather be doing. I'm really not...
Well, I'm about to buy a Harley and one of the first things I want to do is take a trip across the country and visit as many of my old Navy buddies as I can in the time I have.  As for whose needs...
Yes please.  I'm pretty much always courteous, but orderly traditionalist is not really my cup of tea. I find change is good, but it's just hard to start because of lazyness/indecision. When I...
So yeah, I've been told I'm an ISFJ by a pretty knowledgeable source ( pinkrasputin ) but I'm having a hard time wrapping my head around it. Everything I take the test I come out an ISTP... just...
What she said! Those J's be crazy!  Oh wait, you think i'm a J... ;)
That's a tough trainer, they made your eye bleed!
Laugh it up, fuzzball...
Heh, You know me too well pinkrasputin (except for the poetry part).  I had to have a lawyer to protect me from myself. If I didn't have such a good lawyer I probably would have rolled over and...
Dear ENFP,  Interesting choice of words... ;)  Sincerely, ISTP or ISFJ or whatever-the-hell-I-am
Not quite so sure i'm an ISTP anymore... ;)
The settlement was stamped by a judge yesterday and I am now officially single.  I never cheated while married. My infidelity was prior to marriage. We had equivalent incomes so there is no...
What we have here is a failure to communicate.  ;)  You are making this too complicated. It's just a word. When you do not reach a goal and you stop trying to reach it, that is the definition of a...
I think the issue here may be the different way thinkers and feelers may view the definition of the word failure. I have no problem using the term to mean not completing a goal. And as long as...
Hahah Duck_of_Death   You'll get no argument from me there.  (shakes head)
And 8 times out of the 9 you don't want the ones that come back.  The chicks that are attracted to people who treat them badly have issues. ;)
Thanks for your input Eliza. I must admit I shy away from all the religious talk. My stepmom pushes it in peoples face all the time and it makes me uncomfortable.  However, to each his own (or her...
Yeesh, how about this.  Don't worry about your penis and her mouth. Try this thought on for size. Just talk back. Whatever happens to pop into your head. Even if it's something that is socially...
I'm right there with ya, sister! I'll be following in your footsteps soon. I hope the next one you find is more up your alley. Good luck.
There is no way i could celebrate this even though I was the one that initiated the divorce. I have too much respect for the institution of marriage and in some ways I am in mourning. It actually...
I was just told I speeeled marriage wrong.  Hey, I guess THAT'S the reason I didn't make a good husband... Can't have a good marriage if you can't spell it! :D  Update: It took 45 minutes. It is...
Hahahahahahaha... no.
Never heard that song before. Got some chills from it. Thank you JamieBond.
In less than 24 hours I go to court. The judge will ask me a few questions and then enter a settlement agreement into public record thus ending my 14 month separation and 15 year marrage. The whole...
If I ever figure out what the three seashells are for I'll use them, but untill then I'll just use a wad of vulgarity citations.
Poison Ivy leaf.  The only way to go.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gH2efAcmBQM
Never thought I'd hear him get his freak on though! ;)
There ain't no logic in the feel of the wind and the view of the sky.
Windows down with the tunes playing is the way to go. I even keep the windows down when there is a light rain. love the feel.
Freekin hilarious!
I usually drive just slightly faster than the flow of traffic. Sticking to the right (slow) lanes if I can. Although I do enjoy accelerating thru the my little 5 speeds gearbox quickly untill I to...
I think I want a t-shirt with that on it. ;)
Dear ENFP,   Your friend, ISTP'"


1862: 'My long-time best friend is self typed as an INTJ, as far as I know it's accurate also I'm very close to my INTP and INTJ brothers I'm surrounded by NT's
Your ISFP sound extra flakey. When I cancel on plans I make sure to tell the person, so they KNOW and can plan accordingly. It sounds like she's possibly feeling uneasy over something, and you're...
Sanguine Phlegmatic 57 Sanguine, 14 Melancholy, 0 Choleric, 64 Phlegmatic   Sanguine doesn't really describe me nearly as well as Phlegmatic does
I don't know... I wouldn't try to stop you if you were going to give it a shot. I guess personally I think putting yourself out there and allowing yourself to be vulnerable is part of establishing...
I was just thinking about this, too. I don't like talking about myself, and when I feel like I'm put on the spot to do so I quickly try to direct the attention onto something else...  It's a...
-Emo -Poor academics -Hipster... the freaking hipster stereotype... someone PLEASE... STOP THE HIPSTER STEREOTYPE... -Hot and cold -Artistic  Yeah, I think these all have a grain of truth to...
I see, from what I gather you prefer something more thoughtful, more sentimental, than something showy or big. That makes sense. And I understand not wanting a lot of attention (so no big parties or...
I think I agree with you on some of this. When someones being hurtful I usually to stay calm and not let negative emotions like offense take over. Everyone has different ways of looking at things, so...
I've been thinking about my ISFJ mom and how I'd love to plan some things for her birthday this year. It's usually busy and difficult to put something together, but I want to do something for her...
My mom is an ISFJ... they certainly are precious. They're sweet and really love to do things for you and take care of you (just make sure to let them know you appreciate them). With my type being...
For the longest time I thought I was (and tested as) an ISTP. The description never fit me fully and I never really was into MBTI at the time. Finally I typed myself as an ISFP. Initially I didn't...
1. I always have to approach him about an issue that is bothering him. It feels like he resists at first but then as the conversation gets deeper, he begins to speak more than me and by the end he is...
I was shy, very shy. When I was really young my parents said I would often run into a room, stare at everyone, and run out. I always liked art and drawing/painting and made a lot of art. I only had...
I like talkative people, it makes it way easier on me, I don't have to lead the conversation and it takes pressure off of me. Yes I get WAY more talkative the more comfortable I am. I used to be shy...
My brother is an INTP and we get along well most of the time, we're both learning how to conflict less. I find him good to go to for advice because he gives me a different, logical, perspective that...
At times I feel like INFP's may have their head in the clouds a little too much, but despite that I like INFP's. INFP's worry me because they can be even less practical than me! Haha...
Depends, but I think most ISFP's are quiet (not necessarily shy) and dislike conflict. Many of them might have some type of artistic outlet (photography, drawing, painting, writing, music etc...)....
It's true for me. I just don't get that close to people, and I'm not willing to get into a relationship when it comes down to it either... In theory it sounds nice to me but when there's a actual...
If I don't trust/care about you it will be more difficult to deeply hurt me. I think denying my individuality and saying it's wrong/bad to be myself or do what's right for me would hurt coming from...
I don't know, we're not necessarily nice. Nice is so broad... I think explaining what these characteristics you believe to fit into the category of nice are and how you don't fit into them might...
School is hard, but I've never failed any classes or tests. I get easily distracted and my environment has to be quiet and clean for me to be able to fully concentrate. I suppose what gets me through...
Hm... When I meet an ISFP I want to become their friend, for sure. But I've never thought about dating them. Guess I haven't met a guy ISFP yet (that I've typed as such)
I think its only for the other person's sake. They're left in the dark and feel insecure. The problem is we are way more comfortable not sharing, and better off, but they aren't better off (or they...
Being unconcerned with the past or future, I don't think about them much and once something is done and over it doesn't seem to matter as much as it did in the moment. I feel like that's how it is...
To be honest a lot of this is on you and what you believe you can handle. I can understand your doubts about going, it's uncomfortable, new, unknown and scary. If all the practical sides work out...
Drawing from real life is going to give you the best/quickest improvement. Use reference pictures of people. Set a certain amount of practice time everyday. Good old practice and paying attention to...
It's hard to say, I've never dated anyone or been in love. The closest people to me is my family. I'll tell you its hard for me to verbalize that I care about someone, I always do it with my actions...
Any bugs. I remember having a dream where the floor was glass and there were tarantulas the size of chairs scurrying around underneath it. When I was a girl I screamed every time I spotted a bug....
1. How are you in relationships?  I rarely take the initiative in a friendship. I can't speak for dating. I'll initiate casual conversation with many acquaintances, but I rarely will invite someone...
I think you first have to define intelligence, because for everyone it means something different. I was actually thinking about this after we had a discussion in class. I felt many of the people in...
I put Sloth and Gluttony. Sloth is pretty much all the time. Sometimes I lay around for the entire weekend doing nothing but sitting around on the internet, even though I have a ton of things to do....
You checked off 38 out of 83 scenarios! You’re definitely pretty introverted. Large crowds can be intimidating to you, and you need plenty of alone time to help compensate for those times when you...
I'm a lot better than I used to be. I really don't focus on the fact I'm talking to a crowd of people. I recently had an presentation for my college writing class. We were supposed to speak for the...
I'll be graduating in under two months, so I suppose I can answer this question. I'm majoring in art and I don't have a decisive plan. I tried to plan things out but it kept giving me major stress....
Hmm... I think usually I'm feeling a few emotions at once. The most recent incident where I cried I remember being angry/sad/frustrated. I tried to hold it back, as I was alone with my mom, but I...
I can't really say any of this with complete accuracy because I don't know her. But from what you've said it sounds like she trusts you, which is a big step. For most isfp's it's difficult to express...
I can really relate to this. When I was in high school and my friends would have birthday parties (I usually avoided going to parties unless it was necessary) I always felt awkward. I would usually...
Yes, harmony is very important for me, and it's hard to explain it when the subject is so broad. Is there something in particular you were looking for on the subject?   I find so much peace from...
Having to repeat something! My ENFJ dad asks me the same question about 4 times usually. Drives me up the wall.
You just described most, if not all, of the conversations I have with my INTP brother.
Eh, I talk normal I guess, maybe slow, maybe fast? I suppose it changes depending on if I'm tired, who I'm talking too, if I'm interested, etc. I'm not sure it's really something SPs share
I've never though of myself being prideful or having a problem with it. If anything I could probably take more pride in my work and what I do. I don't show off and I know I don't know everything. I...
yeah, sounds fun.
When I first took the tests online I got ISTP too, and I kept getting it. I think the tests are more of a good starting point than anything. And just because Introverted Feeling is the first function...
Yes, I was very shy most of high school so I think that made things even more difficult. Now I've gotten through my phase of shyness and I'm still like that too. I remember feeling a little jealous...
Ahh yeah, that was how it was for me. I never seemed to be close friends with most people, usually just acquaintances. That's how it is for me now even.
Ah yes. usually we argue about really mundane and trivial topics. I think sometimes it's almost what we value that seems to be the problem (or this is my guess so far). I value my feelings and find...
Yeah, I'm afraid to bring out conflict on my own so I avoid it (but if they asked me I would definitely tell the truth as delicately as I could). I'm also afraid of calling someone out on a lie and...
I have three brothers, and the one I'm closest to is an INTJ. My brother is 26 (just to get a sense that he might be more developed than a younger INTJ) and older than me. We never fight, ever (I...
Ha! Aggressive. That is the complete opposite of me. I avoid conflict like a plague. Aggressiveness breeds conflict, well from my point of view it does. I'm very mellow and easy-going. I'm never...'"


1876: 'NFPI- performance artist-This type almost always manifests as a journey of shame gone too far. They usually only succeed in making other people uncomfortable.   Personality test results ...
I was the quiet loner girl who read copiously during break. Many assumed me to be intelligent from the get go so I suppose it's safe to say I was perceived as being so. I've never had a fondness for...
Incompetent people annoy me so much, I hate having to elaborate or having to listen to them talk about the wrong thing. Why can't we all just be on the same page understanding-wise? Better yet, why...
1.)Kind 2.)Treats me well 3.)Loyal and devoted 4.)Intelligent 5.)Interesting 6.)Strong(in all respects of the word[mentally, emotionally, physically] to some extent) 7.)Principled...
My dad tried to do this when I was younger, but luckily my mom(who is also an extrovert, but a very introverted one) was there to stop him.  I don't think it's right for parents to do this as...
Yeah, I do.  Which is ironic because according to some online stats(which are always reliable :dry:) I saw once, the preferred pastime of ISFP's is supposedly watching TV.
4w5 Because I'm soooo fucking deep and speshul.:rolleyes:  8w7 Because I get mad at the drop of a hat.  cp6w7 Because I get mad at the drop of a hat.  INFP(yeah I know this is about the...
-I like to look at my hands when I am bored because I find them aesthetically pleasing. -I run my hands through my hair when I get nervous. -I don't scream when I'm scared, my eyes just get really...
John:ESFJ Rose:INFJ 4w5 Jade: ENFJ Dave:ISTP 3w4 Jane:ISFJ 1w2  Roxy:ENFP 7w6 Dirk:xNTJ 5w? Jake: ESFP  Karkat: ESFP cp6w7 Terezi: ENTP
Mulan:ISFP cp6w7 Ariel: ESFP 7w6 Belle:INxP Snow White: xSFJ(I don't really remember much about what she was like honestly) Cinderella: ISFP 9w1 (She seemed too motivated by self gain or whatever...
ISTJ's 1's. The protective, collected, silent, and devoted knight in shining armor(at least I think of them that way).:blushed:
It varies; for me anything can be really hurtful  at the wrong time and place. It's more about how emotionally fragile and vulnerable I am at the time than a certain phrase or insult.   I'm...
Everything and anything to one extent or another. :dry:  I've snapped at someone for breathing too loudly...
ISTJ, so devoted, so collected/stoic, so down to earth.  Seriously, from what I've experienced, they offer the sort of uninhibited level of devotion I want/require. *dreamy sigh*:blushed:
My least favorites are (other) 9-fixers.   Grrr, so much conflict avoidance IME!  At least the 1-fixers I know have been willing to undergo a sort of calm/collected hashing out of the fight after...
A grim fairy tale-esque forest. It makes me feel intrigued.
I have a name. I'm a certain gender. I do things. I am(am) a type.
http://1-media-cdn.foolz.us/ffuuka/board/a/image/1362/74/1362746412883.gif
Yes.(because I don't believe there to be such a thing as normal, at least, not universally speaking.)
Op= tl;dr.  I don't even remember where I found this image tbh.   It has a moon, some lady and that velvet voiced cat from Sabrina the teenage witch, it illustrates my hatred for neon communist...
As a kid, I used to be really indecisive, my mom didn't want me to grow up to be an indecisive adult, so she always forced me to make my own choices.   As a result, I've become a very decisive...
http://rlv.zcache.com/warning_i_bite_sticker-r6093d362da8a4ef2b65b9c7cd1a5604e_v9waf_8byvr_512.jpg  Or  http://www.megacoolstuff.com/PlayWell/PlayWell.jpg
Despite having flat feet, I've never been clumsy. I've always been naturally pretty OK at sports, especially those involving hand-eye coordination and quick reflexes, like baseball. Also, despite the...
INFP, in my experience, anyway.
Beauty and grace.
All of them but mine.
No.
ISFJ:Si Fe Ti Ne ISFP:Fi Se Ni Te  Generally.:mellow:
Recieving love makes me happy.  Being with someone who actually makes me want to  give  love makes me exponentially more than happy.
In God; yes. Not much else.   My religion( Christianity) is the one thing I have always agreed with and embraced in regards to being something I was born into in a way. It has always felt right in...
Depends on what you think constitutes femininity.  I think: Traditionally-ESFJ, ISFJ Modern day-ENFP, INFP
The NT forum. I find their threads the most interesting and amusing to read. I actually reply here most though.
No...
Tris:ISFP cp6 Four:ISFJ(At least according to the author, who's understanding of MBTI I admittedly find questionable, but perhaps not completely so in regards to Four, he's definitely an ISxJ from...
Candor or Amity.  The only problems I'd have with either of them is Candor's insensitivity and Amity's conflict avoidance.  More so with the second; it would no doubt drive me insane. So, I think...
I love/ really enjoy the individualistic learning aspect of college; however I detest the work and time management aspects of it. If I were allowed to go about assignments(because I do see the point...
Over represented online.  Other than that I have no opinion as I've yet to meet one IRL.
ISFP, Female, Meh(so, yes on the poll?).
I'm so lazy I'm scared I won't ever do anything worth while over the span of my entire life.
Based off your cognitive  test results(which of course may possibly be inaccurate) coupled with the fact that you are stuck between two Fi dominant types, you may be an ISFP with strong tert Ni,...
I was with you until the last 3 words, practically speaking they're both pointless period, but within the bigger scope of things they're anything but.
Relaxation time.
Neither; ESFJ's are the smartest.  Type alone isn't enough to dictate intelligence. :dry:  There is no smartest type, some types may have a propensity towards having higher IQ's  but as...
I'm on the computer...?
Very.  Perhaps this is somewhat a Fi-dom thing?
Me: ISFP Boyfriend: non-existent
The small patches of hair located a few inches above the eyes(or in Taylor Lautner's case, directly above the eyes).
Bad- Costumer service.
He's a bit more aggressive, realistic/aware of his surroundings than Koizumi, she's eons more idealistic, day-dreamy, and fanciful, which seemed rather Se over Ne to me in regards to Otani. Plus, the...
http://media.giphy.com/media/dP0DpVyS2MU12/giphy.gif'"


1906: 'Well thank you all for the reassurance.  Yeah...we moved on from the not having kissed stage now.   But maybe you can explain this: He really seems to be very serious about dating me. He actually...
I feel really dumb about this, because I am a 35 year old widow and mother of 2 who needs dating advice. Really. But here goes...  :blushed:  Last week I went on a date with a 47 year old divorced...
I don't know if I agree or disagree, because I don't know who most of those characters are. I also very rarely watch tv. But I do love movies. You have a list from some popular movies?
That made me smile. I love the idea of it, the hug sending as the bar completes across the screen. Thanks for that. :happy:
Oh, and when I feel this way, I feel like my personality goes through a crisis, too. I read posts, for example, that I could normally relate to, and just have no thoughts or nothing to say. Normally...
Hey all.  I have been kind of depressed the past couple of days.  Some of you may know, because I have been pretty open about it, but most don't: My husband died suddenly last October. We had 2...
Aww. That is so great! Thanks for the update!
I tested as INFJ over and over and over again. For years. But I knew something was off.  So I started reading more about the functions and the descriptions of the types and I am a textbook ISFP.  ...
Nah. We all seemed to think it was kind of weird. And he wouldn't tell us WHY, so there was suspicion with that. Plus it seemed to be the consensus that INFJ's are so different than ISFP's that there...
How did she get sick? Like...it wore her out and she got sick? I would love to see that thread if you have nothing to do but track it down someday.  :wink:
I have an INFJ friend. I don't think there is any way she could come off as ISFP. She is way too head-in-the-clouds. Not an insult....just the way she is. She is not aware of her surroundings like I...
Right up there with: I love love love checklists and couldn't live without one!
I'll take this one for ISFPs, too.  Also, one of my own: Yes, thank you for telling me all of the ways that I can fix my life. I really appreciate all of the advice and I will get right on it,...
I would be here on PerC. With you all. Having to put up with my craziness when it comes on after a couple of years. :ninja:
That could be painful.
No no no. Leave him alone. He knows art classes exist. He knows how to Google them for your area. If he wants to take them, he will. If he doesn't, he won't.   Like another person said a few posts...
I know this might sound kind of mean for me to say, but I guess I think it's kind of weird that you care so much about this, when your boyfriend doesn't seem to, or at least isn't ready to embrace...
I can't really relate to this. For me (ISFP,) I kind of generate my own support and motivation and positive feedback.   But I do see that with your type, perhaps, you need to have others who...
I do see that anytime I yell at her (and by yell, I mean typical mom yelling...which is really just being in the front seat of the car lecturing them about their embarrassing behavior in Ace...
This. All of it. Exactly. Read and reread to understand ISFPs. And yeah, don't try to change our minds. Just don't. Let us think what we want to and we'll let you think what you want. And then we can...
Haha. I love ISTPs. So much like me, but a lot funnier. I think it, but you SAY it. :happy:  And...I'm not one of you, but I would say that sex is all about fun for me, and that I sleep 7-8 hours a...
I don't think there is anything wrong with confronting him. I also don't know that it will do any good for the situation, but it might make you feel better.
Well, I think maybe none of the ISFPs have responded to this because, at least for me, I don't feel comfortable giving you advice about how to exact revenge on someone.  Having said that, I can...
ISFP.  Jewish.  Judaism is interesting, because it's not just a faith, it's a people. So if you are born Jewish, but not religious, you are still always considered Jewish by Jewish people. But...
Yeah, I completely want these girls banned from the Y. A more realistic response would probably be to request that they have to have a parent or guardian with them there if they will be there. But my...
Wow, that totally cleared it all up for me. Wow. I was very much an IFP kid. Even the parts about performing and being pressured to compete and perform being bad and stressful was true. I remember...
I am kind of all worked up. I went to the Y to pick my daughter up, and she was crying, saying these two girls were bullying here for 2 hours while she was at the pool swimming.   Usually I am not...
I did the test on the Team Technology website, which I had never done, and I got ISFP as my primary personality, but I got ESFP as a secondary, because my preference for I over E was apparently...
I think I do need to tell her this more. It's hard for me, because my ISxP child is so much more affectionate and charming. She is like me, so I understand exactly what to say and how to express...
What I recommend is that people read first about the temperaments. The Keirsey book is great for this. Then, once they determine which temperament fits, try to figure out which of the 4 types in that...
Except...I know this guy who could not be typed. Every time he took a test it came back with various random results. He didn't fit ANY of the types. It was so weird.  Then we found out he is...
I agree...and I think a lot of people who believe they are NFs but are actually SPs have embraced this, because so many of the descriptions say that SPs are bad students, not interested in academics,...
I have noticed, too, that lots of people I know type as E/INFJ when they take the test. But when I read the description, it's not them, and I also would not have typed them as INFJ. Usually it's that...
Hi, Devorah here. ISFP mom. Nice to meet you all.  :happy:  I am here because I am a single mom of 2 girls. One is ISxP, like me, and the other one is an ENFJ. My husband passed away a few months...
But you might actually be on to something: When people point out my imperfections, or what they consider my faults or weaknesses, I immediately take what they say on as MY problem. I allow what they...
Oh, that Bot...seems like a very consistent ISTJ to me...
ISFP here...but still an SP, so I will answer.  :happy:  I didn't lie to my kids about any of it. I told them there are fun ways to celebrate holidays and seasons and fictional characters are part...
Oh, you are an ISFJ...nurturing. Thanks.  :happy:  It's ok. I didn't mean to say that to gain sympathy...just to answer the question. But so you know, we are totally fine. I miss him like crazy,...
Well, I was married for 9 years. Then my husband died 8 months ago. I have two little kids and I am a single mom. I'm just not feelin' it anymore...  Plus, how does one have casual sex with two...
Oh boy...The Great Gay Bible Debate.  I'm Jewish. I have no problem with homosexuality. The reason I don't have a problem with it, when considering my faith, is that as a Reform Jew, I believe...
YES. I get so annoyed that people want to FIX me! I thought it was just me. What is it about the ISFP personality that we are like this? Which other types are like this, too? (Like this, as in we...
Not much hurts my feelings. I might be upset if someone points out faults that cause me to already feel insecure, but it's only because they are letting me know that it's true about whatever I always...
I don't know if this is an ISFP thing, or an SP thing, or a feeler thing...or maybe just a ME thing. So I want to find out if it's something others experience...  I get really...
I don't think it's always this way. I might want to have sex with someone and like them a lot, but just not really want an actual relationship with them. I did a lot of the FWB thing back in the day,...
ISFP here:  I enjoy the chase. I usually lose interest in the person as soon as I win them. But, if I have sex with them, then I do often times develop feelings for them. I don't think I have ever...
Oh wow...prayer.  Yeah, I am supposed to pray 3 times a day. Well, as a woman I am only required to pray twice, but I should try for 3 times. And I would love to do it! But I don't. Like...ever....
I think she is unhealthy. She is overworked and stressed, not enough sleep, etc. Also she is obsessed with wanting to have kids and getting married, but she cannot decide if she wants to marry her...
Haha! So true!  As an ISFP, I am completely aware that I have left the trash can without a liner. When I don't put one in again, it's because I just don't feel like putting one in after coming back...
I'm an ISFP, and I will tell you some of the major characteristics I have, and it might help, because these are functional characteristics, which are pretty important:  1) I remember EVERYTHING in...
I agree--I had an anxiety disorder that caused me to not be able to eat. Which is the LITERAL meaning of Anorexia Nervosa--lack of appetite due to nervousness, but not the clinical meaning of it. I...'"


1908: 'Hmm well we are pretty much sensors by nature so I could see absent minded.  Doesn't everyone have bitterness?
Sounds like a personal problem, try zodiac signs if you want to pinpoint something like you are trying to do.
ESTP how is this a question?
syd estp easy david isfp roger intj nick intp richard infp.....the only one im not totally sure about  kinda strange people are guessing when they can't type themselves
Dear All Types,  The main goal of PerC is to help oneself with the trials of life and through personality types make life easier. NOT to argue everything.  Sincerely, ISFP
Your not, I do recommend taking the Aura test to help yourself further.
Now this may seem unconventional but what are your thoughts on pigs? (Leaning between ESFP/ENFP FTR)
So to give a little perspective I'm an Indigo and an ISFP. If you think/feel you may be an Indigo by all means share it, if not here's a fun test that may help determine your Aura.
Credit to @selchiechildofcassandra for the idea. Indigo Children, what type would they fall under? Here's the list of characteristics, Are You An Indigo Adult? | Indigolifecenter's Weblog.
I thank for your deep thought response. I already know I am an ISFP 4w3 and the basis of this post was more for testing the general public. I understand how different these two animals are and they...
Lmao dam it intjs, you guys are the only ones that smell what im stepin it. Take a guess.
So clearly no one seems to know...I would guess ISFP. Any thoughts are appreciated.
Is there any way this list of Indigo traits could help determine my type, all input is appreciated. Are You An Indigo Adult? | Indigolifecenter's Weblog
Violet, Crystal, and Indigo. After watching the videos Indigo looks like it could be number 1.
What is the ENFP take on pigs?
Ya I feel for you guys, and it's even frustrating for other types. When I come here I have trouble sifting through the real and fake and end up just leaving disappointed.
85509  Me and my ESFP sister :happy:
Shutter Island Saving Private Ryan Band of Brothers Red Dawn (Original) 13 Assassins
So you would think, this ENTP was friends with my friends so we were together a lot. After the fight I've met other ENTPs in real life and on the forums and came to the conclusion it was universal...
I would say ENTP's, I don't really care to get into it but the last time I encountered an ENTP it ended with me smashing his head into a table.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USriZAMR2nA
Ex-singer of ETF and current singer of FIR. I also know a girl who has the same type but for whatever reason can't get a grasp on their type. Here's some interviews ...
I think its not a question if luke's an infp, i think its a question of his enanagram type. For example im an infp 4w5, i can understand his thinking say when going to save his friends, but i would...
You could try fast food for starts. I can promise you it's not ideal but we all start somewhere :)
I turn into suave ISTP man and fall on my face.
Last I heard she's an ESFP and having an ESFP sister this behavior doesn't surprise me in the slightest.
Enjoy ;)   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2D-PFdCup2E
80499  Here's me back in November. I miss the yelawolf look...
Hmmm took a look and it looks like im ENFP woooo!!!
0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
Right on! Dude/Dudette! We're here for you!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6dCedRp6CE
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2XVjIu5nvg
delete
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_l09H-3zzgA
I wouldn't go on vacation without someone else especially not a book. If I went on a vacation with someone I would go with Daron Malakian, Cheech or Chong, Wavy Gravy (yes this is an actual person)...
Hmmm I wonder if motor controls have anything to do with a type. I'm not clumsy at all, but I will say sometimes when my head is really in the clouds i'm not as observant and have a higher tendency...
I feel this song beautifully defines all of aspects that make us who we are. The bass riff has a melodic peace much like ourselves, the vocals showcase our calm yet forceful presence, and the guitars...
64793   EDIT: I know I have myself on other topics but ah well...
Just took this picture, hopefully this gives a better broad scope.   64474    And ya I posted this in a different forum back when I mistyped myself.
Haha I knew someone would ask, I actually took the picture by accident and kept it because it had that seductive model vibe ;p I wear a hard hat and my hair explodes when I take it off
64319   Anyone feel I could be a model? I've been told I am the Northern European Leonardo Di Caprio but I need second opinions. It's probably because my looks have never been there and neither has...
Wow, I guess it worked hahaha  INFJ Introvert(67%)  iNtuitive(12%)  Feeling(50%)  Judging(11%)
62841
I've seen you on the ESTP forums, the pokemon says it all
Yup part Lithuanian.
Found this great site that showcases all of the alignment types. Hope this brings clarity. The Alignment System - Chaotic Neutral
My 20th birthday is coming up (21st) and over the past year or so my physical looks have really taken shape. People have recommended I become a model to earn some cash and help pay for school. So I'd...
I myself have found peace with weed and have smoked daily for a few years. I have also had life changing experiences from taking psychedelics.  What Psychedelics have you taken and what did you take...
Had no idea the alignments had to do with D&D haha, and the link for the test is can be found here Online Alignment Test
I would put personally put myself in this category. Where would you put yourself? And would ENTP's generally always fall into the chaotic category?  62225  EDIT: Here's a test...'"


1933: 'There are many forms and styles, but I think one universal is the focus on breath.  A very simple place to start is to close your eyes, and simply follow your breath in your mind.  Be conscious of...
One huge aspect of poker is controlling your own emotions.  Having a big hand and betting big on it, can cause a physiological response that is very hard to control.  Even if you had the best poker...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=IAsXMlkwXgs
I would also go with Carlin, and Hicks, maybe add Richard Pryor, Robin Williams, and Dave Chapelle.  No particular order  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=_3uNpckJ7rc
I got a 47, average.  However I went back and switched a few slightly agrees to agree and came up with 57.  I think it would be more accurate if there were seven choices instead of four, and about...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?list=ULI8dwq0NXwlc&amp;feature=player_detailpage  &amp;v=I8dwq0NXwlc
Blues musicians are like wine, they get better with age.  Check this lady out, only 89!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?list=PL0C4CA76CEF000EE5&amp;feature=player_detai  lpage&amp;v=rExgg76LKrU
I would characterize my musical tastes as eclectic, and ever-changing.  If someone asks me what my favorite is I simply can't answer because it changes so frequently.  I really like stuff that gives...
Yes, enlightenment may become a scientific term. The Dalai Lama has spearheaded an effort to study the neurological effects of meditation.  The research has led to major breakthroughs in various...
Stevie Ray Vaughan and Albert King, 1983.  This whole video is great with Albert King imparting his wisdom on the 29 year old SRV, while marveling at the young virtuoso's soul and technical prowess,...
Another Howlin' Wolf track, Little Red Rooster 1961  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=6Vr-DR5HdKw
The incomparable genius, Cab Calloway:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=90qMNhWsCHs
I have been wondering about the prevalence of social anxiety among extraverts for awhile.  It seems as though it would be more detrimental to an extravert than an introvert.  I think it is a...
Erik Satie-This is kind of different from most classical, I never get bored of it.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=q7DBoiyBoJ8 ...
You won't get slaughtered at all.  I personally don't have a problem with any personality type, it's the individual that's important.  I have friends who I believe are ESFJs and the only problem that...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=nuZPDxVPUYE
You must keep in mind that LSD is a very powerful drug that has an unimaginable potency, it is very easy to overdo it.  You can cut a hit in half and have a mild trip to start with.  Having a...
I was generally shy and was very attached to my mom.  I had a blanket, which was very important to me, I would sniff it and suck my thumb.  I liked to take things apart so I could try to figure out...
I would echo much of what has already been said.  I always got the line you're not living up to your potential which just made me feel like a real loser.   I always managed to get by and every now...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=8Nbt5iLymUg
It might sound strange, but I love watching birds.  Today I saw a family of quail, it just made me a little happy. Just like these ones but with more...
I like to read magazines from the back to the front.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=Gtw6U0wTGgg
yeah, I do this too..
I've noticed that I get along quite well with INFPs and other ISFPs.  They don't care that my house is a mess and seem to have similar values.  It can be destructive too, because procrastination is...
I'm no expert, but I think INFJ sounds right.  His ideas are very theoretical in nature (Austrian economics), he is a physician-an obstetrician, who seems deeply committed to helping others.  His...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=jm9-yVdxbSs
The difference, I think, can be very subtle, but it is there.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=K9zj3EAZAzg
Yes....I love to sing.  INFP vs ISFP seems to be a common dilemma.  This is a different approach to help determine type which I found very useful...
Oh the simple pleasures...today I had an especially good cup of coffee,  I watered the garden noticing the healthy new growth and ripening tomatoes, and best of all: the tender kiss from my daughter...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=PVG85sUAG4I
The title is a bit off-putting, but the song is beautiful.  Glad you liked it!
I guess this goes along with bullying-when someone is demeaning to me or someone else for sport.  Or when people take advantage of mine or others niceness.    Yeah, I know that feeling....when...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=27JDVLN3lJg
http://desmond.imageshack.us/Himg267/scaled.php?server=267&filename=9999lq.jpg&res=landing
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=XbNKZWJd_Q0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=v35YhhzCrYk
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=bOyU_OzRXnM
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=sXbo24WtYl8
Jeff Tweedy, Remember the Mountain Bed.  Despite the description, Woody Guthrie wrote the words as a poem, Wilco wrote the song.  I love how he got all dressed up for the performance... ...
Yes, I agree.  I would add that percentages that the tests give you are not meant to be a quantitative measure of a given function, but rather are a way of sorting preferences.  If you test 50/50 on...
There are no N's or S's, this is a misnomer.  When you look at it this way, you can only add together a bunch of traits to make a personality, which is the antithesis of the MBTI theory.  The...
I think I would enjoy it more, but I don't know if I would actually get more out of it.  I've always done better with alternative structures to the lecture/question model with a large group.  For me,...
I don't think the legality of the drug is what stops people from using it.  I mean, how many people don't smoke simply because its illegal?
I don't really understand what you mean about the economic impact.  California has one of the largest agrarian economies in the world, and cannabis generates the most money.  Corporations (tobacco...
Part of the problem with correlating MBTI with mental illness is that the MBTI was  not  structurally or theoretically designed to match the illnesses which are presented in the DSM and visa versa. ...
I normally don't like g rated kid movies, but Horton Hears a Who is great.   There's a lot of depth and humor thrown in just for adults.  Plus a great voice cast: Jim Carey, Steve Carell, Charles...
Philip Guston progression from 1940-1980 http://www.moma.org/collection_images/resized/466/w500h420/CRI_151466.jpg http://www.moma.org/collection_images/resized/417/w500h420/CRI_179417.jpg...
you could start by studying a course catalog and seeing what the required courses are for those subjects, and see which classes are most appealing to you.'"


1971: 'Thank you so much for the mention! But looking back at what i wrote, it now feels so biased and juvenile an attempt.
I love how you draw and paint. These were just lovely. Beautiful. Especially loved the first two :happy:
Wow :shocked: I didn't think there'd be so many March people! I am a Marcher too! :tongue:
Two more that I did today :) Traditional medium. One's edited on Picasa :tongue:  Burning Spring...
:sad: it's one picture. :'(
firedell the page shows no picture!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uf1n1wUfxE&amp;feature=related
u200eNothing in the world is permanent, and we’re foolish when we ask anything to last, but surely we’re still more foolish not to take delight in it while we have it. If change is of the essence of...
I don't know most of the people here (and most of the people don't know me :tongue:) but it was all so cute to read!! Make more matches infps!!! :happy:
Where does everything go? What are thoughts really? Does the universe never really end? But how can that be?...
Just some pencil drawings...I already posted these on the ISfp forum but yeah i'll go again :tongue:  Find yourself...
Colouring isn't my forte yet, so most of these are just pencil drawings. This was in celebration of Earth Day :)...
aww @Stephen @Kayness  Guess you won't get to miss me any more :P
Listen to it ALL DAY until you get fuckin' tired of it!! I have earworms that last a month or more at times :tongue:
We aren't stones right? And even if you are the one driving, let's just put it this way even a pilot needs a co-pilot.  I am really sorry that things got weird...it happens with me all the time.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bccKotFwzoY&ob=av3e The one in me who never wants to give up the fight   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=834lnECcFw0 The one who already has  ...
Encounter - essays
childofprodigy I don't know if you are very new to the forum or aren't very used to the rules- but threads like these encourage or propagate typism which isn't encouraged at all. No type is more...
I'd be so happy!! :tongue: But then I'd start freaking out since i'd be at a loss to handle the situation with the perfect calm i wish i could. :/
I think distance affects us more than even we expect it would. We aren't very good at dealing with it when people we are attached to move away from us. Yes of course we deal with it but the dealings...
Umm I don't really think we respond well to seduction. even dressing up as a bunny won't help. We appreciate people who really try to know us!
I like my occasional drinks. I love how certain cocktails taste and I love love love vodka! :happy: I however have never gotten drunk and intend to keep it that way. I literally want to become an...
VViper   I am being corroded, abraded By gum drops from a gangrene along the roof of the mouth words are seeping out without thought virile and ominous, sharp like swords  You should have...
All of these are very awesome :)
Congrats Bast!! ^_^
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZbcWxWCGqE&feature=BFa&list=LLC8n1-lieqDRHP-fNTp1Acg&lf=mh_lolz
when someone listens to me, understands me. When they kiss me on the forehead or put their arms around me when I am feeling all the blues of the world within me. When they look at me a certain way,...
https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/s320x320/396398_10150592761673654_316609358653_8804463_550097690_n.jpg  This man pretty much nailed it here.
We all wear masks and the time comes when we cannot remove them without removing our own skin. -André Berthiaume  [This has to be my most favourite quote/line/truth ever.]
I agree!! The Intj i know has to be the best person I know!! THE BEST! She is polite, kind, considerate, clever and in the two years I have known her we've never had one single argument. Our...
One can manage, yes. But I think we kid ourselves when we say we are friends with our exes. What you used to be will keep coming back to you and your expectation from them will be different from what...
For Jane: With All the Love I Had, Which Was Not Enough:  I pick up the skirt,  I pick up the sparkling beads  in black,  this thing that moved once  around flesh,  and I call God a liar,  I...
browneyes94 I am glad it helped you. :happy:  Breakups are difficult to deal with but they have good in them too. You grow as a person and you learn to accept and cope. Unhappiness isn't a bad...
TheMadSwede very. Hardly gets you anywhere but sure as hell gives you nice feelings! :happy:
This might sound harsh and extreme but trust me when I say it works. Remind yourself that the person you knew is dead. Your grief at that will be extreme and you'll probably exhaust your sorrow and...
Maugham Michio Kaku Larry Darrell Robert A. Heinlein Matthew Gray Gubler Mata Hari Virginia Woolf Joel Stuti Beethoven
You could try making friends here. Noone knows you here and if they show interest in you, it won't be superficial. and then you can go on and meet them. Make an effort don't let the thing inside you...
I used to support the death penalty and still would cause I want those murdering bitches to die!! :X  But honestly a lot of times evidence isn't strong enough and more often than not the wrong...
When I die I shall be content to vanish into nothingness. No show, however good, could conceivably be good for ever.- HL Mencken  I'm posting the original letter where this was mentioned...one...
Vampire- you suddenly become beautiful, suck and are still considered awesome!
Oleas maybe I am truly idealistic but I believe love or the first falling in love should be like a dream because as it is to make it last, you'll have to work on it. So the initial feelings really...
Oh I put the poster there actually..maybe it's not coming through. It's 'Prayers for Bobby'. :happy:
Sounds okay enough, the plan. But it is curious you began to find him attractive after he started dating someone else..Do you think it might mean that if he said he was interested and you guys got...
Trees water rain the smell of ink words paper books people poetry violin
Getting my work finished.
I'm not an Nf but I have been afraid to feel quite a few times..when it came to matters of the heart. I was afraid of what the outcome would be. I knew too well that my interest would fade if I...
Hello there LostWorld! :happy: Welcome to the forum!
They are awesome! They are usually my source of good conversation and food for thought. :happy: And they also make for the kind of company I like a lot- interesting, engaging and non-intrusive.
HAhaha this thread made me laugh!   :laughing:  I like Birds too. Creeped the hell out of me though :shocked: http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2673/4119497376_363750d10a.jpg
i had a similar problem when I was trying to type a friend of mine- I knew she was an Ixtj. 's' seemed too contained to fit her and 'n' too critical. But then these two lines in the wiki description...'"


1972: I don't think I can go back there though.  I know its really unprofessional to not give them 2 weeks notice, but i just don't think I can.  I will not be putting this job on my resume so I am not...
About 3 weeks ago I got a job as a market research interviewer.  I have social anxiety disorder, however I thought pushing myself into leaving my comfort zone would be good for me.  It was a really...
my bed is basically where i live its kind of sad really......
Bulbasaur and Staryu for sure  23496  23497
Chef, cartoonist, astronaut, doctor, zoologist, ecologist, teacher and so on
thanks for all the ideas!
Hey Infp's!  What has been your favorite job you've had and why?  I don't really know what id like to do once im finished university so I'm hoping to generate some ideas:tongue:.    Thanks :happy:
i feel a bit depressed but i have no idea why
Kid Cudi - Man on the Moon   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjdB4Bm4n2M
yeah sorry im just stressing out about choosing a career im having a really hard time deciding what to do
Do you think an infp could do well as a paramedic? Do you think we could handle the stress?
Anyone know of any infp career tests online?
Thanks for the advice! :)
Do you think an infp could be in the military? I been thinking a lot about joining the Canadian forces either the navy or army but im not sure if id be able to handle it.  Im currently in university...
Mental peace for sure, im currently working two jobs and they pay ok but i despise them both.  I am constantly dreading going back to work its terrible im always stressed.  I cant quit until i find...
Lost, house, misfits, doctor who, band of brothers, departures
yeah i guess i was just thinking about it to much ill just thank everyone lol
lol dang it
I feel like im offending people when i dont reply to their posts, especially when i reply to some but not others.  Does anyone else feel like this or am i just thinking about this to much?
Your totally right thanks for the advice man
lol yeah i was thinking of making up a lie actully i feel kinda bad that i found another job i dont want to offend her (even though shes a bitch to me lol).
Yeah this is so true thanks!
Yeah i was thinking of writing a letter to but its still scary because i have to give it to her and she will probably ask what it is for lol
hahaha i wish i had the balls to do that
No problem this was actually really inspiring thanks!
Yeah my boss is always blaming me for everything it makes me so angry.  Shes always working me like a dog to while her and everyone else slacks off.  I find it really difficult standing up for myself...
About a month ago i started working at this kitchen job and i really hate it.  Everyday after work i feel physically and mentally drained.  Its just very stressful and i dont work well under stress...
When i use to take effexor (venlafaxine) for my anxiety i would get lucid dreams all the time.  This one time i actually created my own world and i was in complete control of my dream it was awesome...
go blue team!
lost, the greatest show ever created
I really like ultimate marvel it would have been cool if they based the new x-men movie on the ultimate x-men.  The mainstream marvel universe is alright to but its just kind of hard for new comic...
I took effexor (venlafaxine) for social and generalized anxiety and it helped me a lot.  There were a few annoying side effects though like night sweats.  It also gave me very weird and vivid dreams...
dogs are awesome, cats are cool to though
computer, t.v., bored as sh*t
My moms mixed race, black and white (American and British), and my dads Jamaican.
yeah same im a type 2
thanks for all the advice everyone, i really appreciate it
I dont really read books that often but i do love comics.  Im a marvel comics fan, ultimate marvel comics specifically.  One book i really liked though was Rule of the Bone.
haha thanks will do
Im having a bit of trouble finding a job right now.  Ive been looking for months and i still havnt found anything.  Im on summer vacation right now but in september ill be returning back to...
I think my mom is a infj and i think my dad is a istp
If i could have any super power id want the ability to fly. I live in Canada while my girlfriend lives in the U.S. and it costs a fortune to travel these days, so if i could fly there to see her that...
I was actually thinking about joining the army here in Canada but i dont think id be able to handle it.  Id miss my girlfriend, family and friends to much and id probably cry getting yelled at all...
Im really stuck on what i want to do career wise in the future.  Ive just finished my first year of university and it feels like time is just flying by.  Im being pressured by friends and family to...
I have no idea what my calling is i wish i new.  Its really starting to stress me out because time is just flying by and ive already just completed my first year of university with still no idea what...
im really lazy but its hard for me to get motivated
its not a book but ive always wanted to be stranded on some crazy island like in lost, i love that show
comics, tv, sleep
forgot to add the trailer    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPRv4Out7X8
Defiantly the new transformers movie coming out this summer.  Even though the last two movies had kind of crappy story lines, the action was friggen awesome.  Ive loved transformers since i was a..."


1978: '- They're like people who baked a beautiful cake and want to show it to everyone in Instagram because they're satisfied about it. Look what I've done. I feel like I've improved! - When...
That was not my intention I can assure you. I'm sorry if it came off that way. The question at the end is a genuine question, purely because I don't see EXTJs as being as sensitive as my own type,...
If this was sports I'd treat it with the simplicity we treat a game of win/lose, but its not. Braggers are more likely to become unpopular if they cash their bragging rights too often in a social...
Its the way they went about it that I find very amusing, almost silly, but no it doesn't irk me. I think Te's low self-reflection hits at my Fi's over self-consciousness, its impossible for me to not...
What I meant is that the purpose of each function is essentially the same, to process information, but how they choose to go about it is different.
I mentioned its the people irl in my first post. I never tried to convey that the entire type is the same way.   We can say the same for every other attribute, positive or negative, does the type...
Yeah, thats the shit thing with asking a potentially negative question across the forums, negations are belittled as stereotypes we're feeding into, not that we could possibly have encountered it and...
Work speaks for itself, thats the measure I went by. I posed the competence analogy as one probable but unlikely reason to me, but of course I don't wish to decide for them hence the question. (I...
I'm still studying them, I did make a generalisation there.  I assume outside validation is sought in situations where one considers oneself to be incompetent/ inexperienced. Why would you seek...
I've noticed the Te-doms I have interacted with irl to be self-congratulatory. Its usually subtly interspersed in conversation and regarding a past experience where they put someone in their place or...
Second this^  I see it as two groups that diverge but are heading to the same destination.
Kiss: ISTJ Marry: ENFJ Bed: ESTJ  Next: INFP, ENFP, ESFP
Any examples of how you, an individual ENTJ defy your stereotype?
Any examples of how you, an individual ESTJ defy your stereotype?
Which Comedy Drama??
Its helpful to keep in mind that Te doms (EXTJ) are difficult to please unless you do things their way. Nothing else works but the efficient way they know. Which might/ might not be right, but us...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPy5igZJnVw
Agreed! I don't relate to the over-flakiness in ISFPs, but every other personality has experienced so. Lol
How old is the ESFP? If she's old enough to make decisions for herself then talk to her directly and convince her to seek professional help.
I'm not a male ISFP but this feels like being bulldozed. I think you need to remind yourself that he is insecure about women because of his past hurt.   You reached your decision fairly early I...
I would prefer an introvert child as they are comparatively lower maintenance for an introvert like myself, but I have no doubt that parenting regardless of the child's personality is WORK.  If I...
I see a few possibilities  1. He is insecure about something.  2. He hasn't sorted out his feelings for you/ isn't sure about 'what' he feels and if its worth pursuing.  3. Did you enquire about...
I love being around kids who are respectful and not too hyperactive/ uncontrollable. I would like to have children but not in my 20s, I have much to explore and giving myself time to live and grow...
Well.. nothing worth a story telling session at all. Smoked weed once. Thought I was going insane when I saw my friends turn into HDR Instagram filters and cried bitterly... the rest is just as lame,...
What makes me happy are threads like this lol..gives me a reason to reflect on good memories (usually) involving people I'm close to. And long walks.   Summers- swim in the sea In general- A good...
Early on tried online tests, consistently typed as ISFJ (due to my own understanding of and bias towards hardwork and being organised, which were what I idealised at the time.) Spent a strange, happy...
I click the bloody thank button and it doesn't show, I don't know why! But I can relate, lol. We seem to possess a childlike excitement to things that matter to us. No finesse to it, just raw...
By 'romanticising' do you mean distorting these incidences, or replaying them and reliving the emotional state you might have been in?    I relive happy/ sad experiences then bounce to a future I'd...
.
Hi there, not INTP but I do feel feelings LOUD at every possible moment.. Whaaat I mean is I can empathise.   You are trying to get over someone you like and are obsessing over him as a result....
Dear INTP, INFJ and ENFP  I hate not being able to see you in person any more :(   Waiting for next year already, ISFP
Belly laughter with friends + family. Having this combo meet is a blast, and being the connecting link you tend to become the butt of jokes, but all in good humour!
Isabella Rosselini and Audrey Hepburn for their elegance, their expressive faces and sincerity with which they live(d).
Haha. We're a family of 4 too. And my parents are INFP + ISTP.  I honestly don't know (nor ask) about their sex lives, and I'm away from home. I assume SPs have a moderate to high sex drive *ahem*...
That's terrible   ElusiveFeather Since you've acknowledged how her presence has negatively affected you, you're already half way to ending this... sour friendship. She might be a helpful person, but...
You need to ask her if something is bothering her. Speculating here won't give you a final answer, and we won't be of much help anyway. She's the only one who can clear this for you.
I try and recognise situations in which I'm more likely to be uncomfortable (and hence appear shy or reserved), and before engaging in it give myself a pep talk i.e. If all goes badly, I can just...
Dad (ISTP) blunt and extremely chill, kinda balances out interacting with my overthinking Mother (INFP). My brother is ISFP so we understand each other quite well even if we don't seem to click. My...
My immediate family is entirely Introvert Perceiver. Our favourite joke is planning ahead.  Because of my discomfort with hospitals/ clinics I've gone 3 years without visiting a doctor for ailments....
More ESTP when drunk. More ESFJ when good high.
This. I care deeply for the ones I know, but conversation seems to go either way. I've found them very open-minded when talking about social institutions but extremely wary of people, having been let...
I can't help but feel that your avatar fits your reply (just a joke Scrooge, don't knock me down with your hammer)  Do you have a link to who made this law? Did the women soldiers collectively...
I realize I should have given the context..  I can tell with certainty I am not insecure about myself. My feeling of being 'trapped' is an inability to articulate my feelings without it leading to...
It's not a fight against men, they too can be victims of patriarchy. And feminism is a fight against patriarchy (from an inaugural speech)  I guess it's an obvious statement, I've always looked...
Double post
I don't create enough for it to truly affect me if I stopped :p I'd probably socialise more than doodling in public.
It depends on the individual really. Sometimes it's nice to not have to think of the future (if youre not ready for commitment) and just enjoy the moment..
Just adding to what   Bijouxx and   internalrealm said  From https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evolutionary_aesthetics  All known cultures have some form of art. This universality suggests that art...
I've noticed that such experiences being so simple? on witnessing, I rarely share how strongly they affect me. My favourite, which I'm lucky to relive, is driving by the sea at a long curve on the...
Fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination. They never stuck together because summer felt free food. So they had to find fast food in Hitler's restaurant. Stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue...'"


2030: 'thank u mrs cafe bot for ur hard work
holy moly bro i <3 ur music esp ur live set w diplo at ultra
I looked at the list and honestly felt like going to sleep -__- I'm actually going to a therapist tomorrow to most likely get officially diagnosed. yayyy.
Just noticed this got stickied. Congrats, you deserve it :)
I feel like we need an official typing judge to end this case lmfao.
303090 303098 303082
I agree with this entirely. My friends say I have different sides to me (not like bipolar sides) but certain situations bring out different personalities.
If anyone has something to add it would be appreciated but this is probably the last time I'm bumping since since I'm leaning more on the side of ISFP. It's been a week and I just wanna pick a type...
Right here!! lol I love playing piano. I've been playing since I was 4 so its been close to 17 years now. I was heavily influenced by a band called Dream Theater when I was younger, which is a...
It helps being in groups of people with similar interests. Maybe like a club of some sort. Online dating could work too. I've never really tried it besides messing around on Tinder haha.
Well thats why I think I'm an I! I thought I was sorta extraverted or maybe ambiverted but once I read the traits of ISFP's I was like man there is not one thing here that doesn't describe me. You...
I did get ESFP on that test. Sounds crazy but.. could it be possible that I'm an ISFP?  The Fi-Se-Ni-Te seems to all fit me. I think the problem would be which is dominant, auxillary, etc.
b-u-m-p
Okay. I would agree my Extroverted Intuition (Ne) is somewhat low. As for Se vs Si, ah, I don't really know. I try to live in the moment and use my senses, but I usually describe things with...
No thank you! I feel like I am mostly an ambivert as well, but maybe just like 1% more extroverted. And thats funny that you noticed the mixing board..I've been playing piano since I was 4 so it's...
Stereotypes or misconceptions? Why I'm confused I'm an ENP is because of an article I read which I quoted earlier in the thread:  ENPs often live a frenetic lifestyle, equipped with more hobbies...
bump
So I even re-took multiple MBTI tests across the web to get more accurate. Interesting results:  Humanmetrics Jung Typology Testx99 ENFP Extravert(67%)  iNtuitive(25%)  Feeling(38%) ...
ArBell  Well I tried my best with it. Here are my results:  Type 1   Perfectionism



46% Type 2Helpfulness



50% Type 3Image Focus





74% Type...
ArBell I somehow missed seeing your post completely! hahah. thanks so much for the detailed response. I've tried the enneagram and I've gotten 3, 6, & 7. For MBTI, I've taken tests from every site...
If thats so, you'd be a Ti-Ne-Si-Fe, which is an INTP. I found a detailed description online ( it's a wall of text so be warned ) that might help you: An INTP Profile  You could also just google...
I actually did a video on your questionnaire. If you wanna check it out the links in my signature
whaat tf lol. i need an explanation.  thanks for the responses btw:perc2:
Tell me which traits fit you more:  Fe is focused on fulfilling other people’s needs, so much so, they can neglect their own.  -are influenced by the emotions around them and adapt to what others...
I'm curious on how I'm an ES instead of an EN...
bizzump
This sounds exactly like my case. I've suffered mild depression and anxiety ever since high school so I can understand that. I felt like it had an affect on whether or not I was introverted or...
I found this article on Extraverted Intuition (Ne)  ENPs often live a frenetic lifestyle, equipped with more hobbies and interests than they know what to do with. They are always on the go, always...
yeah I guess I'm getting a bunch of answers haha
bumpin this before I go to bed lol
i made a video for better results. i used Jinsei's questionare located here:  http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/505602-short-effective-scenario-questionnaire-2-0-self-type.html ...
I use paint.net occasionally. Its usually just to get an idea out. But then again I'm not really the best of artists haha
Lil Crazed, TimothyDeLaGhetto, KasaanTv. Mostly rap and comedy channels are my favorite.
That's reassuring haha. thanks for the response. I feel confident about the E and the Se.
I read about the Si and Se difference, and I internally feel I lean more to the Se side. Even though I use past experiences to sometimes gauge on a decision ( Ex: being in a band with a crappy...
bump
The deciding factor with that video was the calmness aspect and anger control of ENFJ's. When he said that ENFJ's have the same facial expression throughout the day..it described me completely haha....
haha sweet, thanks I appreciate it
Caneaster  C is surely my last choice. For B, I do consult outside points, clarify, and have patience, but I'm not necissarily quiet. For A, I'm optimistic and try to get people engaged, as stated...
ima jump bump this cause im curious
it's tough right?! lol how'd you guys come up with your results?
like that rae sremmurd song  but yeah I've taken many tests across the internet and I always get scattered results so I thought I come on this site and see what other people think! dont let me down...'"


2105: 'estj.
Yes, I like travelling. I've been to America, Bermuda, and South Korea. Next year my wife and I are going on a 3-month missions trip to South Korea where I'll teach English and we'll plant a church.
All signs point to yes.
Interesting quiz. I'm an ISFJ happily married to an INFP. According to the assessment, though, my idea mate would be an ENTJ. Blech, that's my oldest sister's type.
We ISFJ's are very prone to breaking rules. Our wild and crazy INFJ cousins are too.
My federal government should absolutely NOT dynamite Mt. Rushmore.
Apparently you've never enjoyed a truly great piece of pie. :(
DC's Legends of Tomorrow is my favorite show. Anyway, here's how I see things...  Captain Sara Lance / White Canary - ISTJ. Ray Palmer / The Atom - ENFP. Leonard Snart / Captain Cold - ISTP....
I often enjoy naps. I get tired around 3pm and then can just doze off. I have a pretty uncomfortable sofa bed in my study, but it comes in handy for when I want to doze off.
Ne
You're slightly insecure when it comes to your keyboard.
*hack snort wheeze caff*
You cannot change your personality type (unless you go through trauma - but who wants that). You can develop your cognitive functions - your introverted feeling, extroverted intuition, introverted...
It is a challenge. That's very true. However, I feel that God has called me to both, and I believe that God has seen me through school. At this point I have only 5 courses left to go. I hold that God...
It is not too late. To suggest otherwise is ageism. I'm 53 and in seminary (post-graduate studies following Christian university).
We waited for religious reasons. We're both Christians, and I'm actually a pastor.
I waited until after marriage. We courted for nine months.    No, I do not.     It was important to me to avoid sex altogether.
I notice that women do try especially to act like ladies when they're around me. Is that because of my good looks? I wouldn't be surprised.
Yes, exactly, a fad. That's why it's only been around for over 70 years. :rollseyes:
Seems you've bought into the fallacy that intuitives are intelligent and sensors cannot be. That's nonsense friend, hogwash, baloney, balderdash.
You're a Sensor who wants to be an iNtuitive. And that's sad. Embrace your Sensorhood.
Brian Griffin.
Welll, to be clear, Osteen is not mainline Protestant. I shudder at even the thought that he is. He's rather part of something called The Prosperity Gospel. The false gospel that if you believe in...
Fe
Didn't say all Americans are. Nevertheless. America compared to Canada is like the wild west gunslinger vs. the RCMP officer.
It fits the American ethos of kill or be killed. It doesn't fit the Canadian one of peace and harmony.
I'm for the death penalty in America, but against the death penalty here in Canada.
Baloney. My father was a male magic wielder and he was straight.
I confess that I'm not actually an INFP.
There may be a correlation, but there is no causation. Wizards can absolutely be straight.
Yes.  All wizards.[/QUOTE]  Source please.
INTJ actually.
He's gay as gay can be. Not all wizards are gay though.
I would shorten that to, Missionary - someone sent. It need not be to a foreign land. We can be missionaries in our own lands. Indeed, we are called to be missionaries in our own cities and...
No. Thinkers with big egos are Thinkers with big egos.
Saying that no type is better than any other is like saying that no ice cream flavor is better than any other. ISFJ is so very common. It's the vanilla of MBTI.
Okay, I'm calling it. Thank you all, it seems I am an ISFJ. :sad:
The only thing advantageous about that is that you'd be eating yummy popsicles. Oh, and collecting Popsicle Pete points for valuable prizes.
1. Age - 53 years old. 2. Location - Toronto, Ontario, Canada.  3. Current occupation/job/career - Seminary student, cashier, preacher, floriographer. 4. Social situation - Married. Two sons and a...
Thank you Mr. Tambourine Man. Yes, I also am beginning to lean towards ISFJ for me. Interesting that. More reading to do I guess. :)
Can you please be more specific? Thanks.    Mostly details of the day and current events. At the same time, I am a theology student, so I do a good deal of discussing different theories and...
That is interesting. Generally in real life I care too much about what others think of me. I sometimes think offensive things, but I would never actually share them. And I'm afraid that, yes, the...
I seem to use Ne and Fe the most. However, as you point out, that isn't a pairing. So I guess I would say Ti-Ne. As I understand it, folks with Si as the dominant or auxiliary function have good...
ISFJ sounds like me in real life. INTP sounds like me online. :D
How do ISFJs and INTPs use Fe differently?
By that I'd say I'm ISFJ. But I've always thought that I must be an intuitive. I'm a very intelligent person. This is not meant to disrespect sensors in any way.
So then, what's the right way goamare? I've heard so many people say, Don't just take a test. Consider your cognitive functions.
Good question charlie.elliot. I don't know what my type is. That's what I'm really asking. Since I know what the cognitive functions are, how do I put them in the right order to come up with my type....
No. Harry's an ISFP.
He showed the baby, yes, by dangling. it. out. the. window. In my book that's child abuse. Maybe not yours. And it suggests (but certainly in no way proves) that he was abusing children in other...'"


2126: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PEGDGxZdzA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PEGDGxZdzA
Avicii  ill get a youtube vid. just a sec.
I love my pillows more than my bed ._. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I hope this is worth it.
Hello, this is my first post on here. I have taken the personality type test on here in the past, but I have not used the forums.  In the past I have been a strong ISFP, but in the past year, I have...
honestly, nothing.  But that's not what I told everyone. It made me nervous that everyone around me knew what they wanted to be and I had no clue.
Local Natives - Wide eyes (and all their other songs :3)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QjvgWgHKCY
Your Aspie score: 115 of 200 Your neurotypical (non-autistic) score: 96 of 200 You seem to have both Aspie and neurotypical traits  IN/SFP
You are very lucky. Keep going with it! Whatever you're doing, you're doing it right.
I rather enjoyed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia and the two following that one.
I am an Aries
I don't really know what to necessarily believe right now.   However, I have this image in my mind of a giant (i mean like GIANT. An infinite line) queue of souls(i guess?) somewhere, like limbo....
Writing letters/thank you notes. I'd rather thank or congratulate someone in person. It's already difficult for me to put my thoughts into words, and I don't want to have a permanent blahblahblah I...
When I am in public, I KNOW that people aren't looking at me (or i try to convince myself that), but I still feel self conscious. I think it probably has to do with the fact that I like to observe...
Haven't slept yet.
Iguana Salad Foot Pie   That's how I've always remembered it... ._.
Norcal. kind of close to sacramento
Hello, A while ago, before I even joined this forum, I was consistently getting ISFP on my tests. Recently, I've tried a few of the ones listed on this forum. I seem to be in the middle with S and...
dogs, laptop, MY pillow
Best: um.. i got an A in choir :3  Worst: history, physics, chemistry, english; specifically book tests >:( i don't read to memorize every single detail. I read for pleasure. oh, and the finding...
I think I remember being extroverted when i was very young, in early elementary school. I think I changed somewhere in 3rd to 4th grade.  I'm thinking it might have been because I was a year younger...
When I'm put in an unfamiliar setting, it's very difficult for me to try to make friends. I usually just go with the flow and wait for opportunities. If I can't make a friend, then oh well :/  I...
When you were young did you like to leave home?  Did it depend on if you were with or without your parents? Did it depend on the destination?
i used to cry when i got angry and frustrated. I've made myself to stop tears when that happens now.
I like the smell of peaches
Well, finals is finally over. One last day of messing around in school until break :)  Tomorrow will be fun.
I think my procrastination has gone too far. I should be studying for my finals right now. These past few days I've gone and taken all but one of my finals without studying O_O  What are your...
I'd rather melt in and observe from afar. Although, occasionally being in the spotlight is nice when it's for something good :)
I'm only speaking for myself, but I would be rice.  Specifically sticky rice       ._.
1. An easy life 2. An awesome life 3. Being able to draw well  I'm so selfish
Leave, Door, Peep
march 23, 199X
I finished learning some a while ago and my teacher got me started on a couple songs.   I'll edit this later with the exact song names. Studying (or at least trying to) for finals.
1.) Artistic - I wish i was more of this. Although my friends tell me I am.  2.) Rebellious - Meh. sometimes  3.) Animal Lovers - of course  4.) Caring of others - man, too much  5.) Too...
I was just wondering what types of videogames you guys liked (if you do like videogames)   I'll write up a few that I really like :)  Pokemon (I've stopped buying the games though :/ More like a...
I enjoy card games. I don't like the games where you have no influence at all on the outcome. There's this korean card game called GoStop that I enjoy. I play that game to gamble with fake money...
manatee.   jk i have no idea.
I have not had any dreams lately, but some that I remember from a few years back I have no idea what they were about.  I remember one where I was sneaking into this highly secured building at...
1. I enjoy observing my environment. Just like... staring at things and people. 2. I want to live in Korea. 3. I want to capture all the sights I see, but not in a photograph or video. Just in my...
My friend must have taken the test incorrectly or something -.- He doesn't fit any of these.
yarg. i couldn't figure out how to edit my post.   Unrelated to romantic interests, a two of my best friends that I've had take the test are INTJ and ESTJ.   I like talking to my ESTJ friend...
I am quite sure that this would not last, but I feel attracted to an intj right now. But she's kind of intimidating O_o. I don't know what she actually thinks of me.
Hello, I am currently learning to play piano and oboe. This is going to be my 11th year of taking piano and my 3rd (2nd? i dont remember ._.) year playing oboe.  I find it frustrating when I'm...
I like serious people. Not people who joke around all the time -.- I always feel embarrassed for those people when I'm around them. I'm not really sure why though.  I love my glasses. I never got...
SAME HERE.   I get mad at: judgmental people arrogant people people who do things just so that they can be in control of something. (seriously... i hate these people so much) Being ordered to...
Piano and oboe!(formerly clarinet)  oh and in choir. but that was on accident. Supposed to be in band :dry:  Don't like writing at all :('"


2156: Doodles is all I can do :laughing: This is Elvisa Yomastercard. She's a youtuber and I think I did her justice...? 372458  Also, this doodle on my school's chair, it's a bad picture. I doodled and...
I want to try an epilator. It can't possibly be that painful.
I was texting with Kanye West. He sent me a music video he loved but didn't share with many becaused it was a bit embarassing. Then he started sending multiple messages about the meaning of the song...
What made you see it as ISFJ? Just wanna understand.
1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type?,    I tend to doubt everything I come to terms with, and my personality type is no different. I have observed that I do share traits...
ENFP Extravert(89%)  iNtuitive(38%)  Feeling(25%)  Perceiving(44%)  Which means I could be ISTJ, which is a huge difference from ISFP. I think I'm more confused than before.  That could explain...
211794 I have always thought my handwriting was childish, perhaps it is a personality thing?
A tortoise :3  Peaceful, reserved, and intelligent, those born under the sign of the Tortoise are eager for new experiences. Though they are highly amiable in most every situation, there is a...
Personally, I try to show no interest. I'm not sure if it works, but I do try.  I do, however, get a bit chipper when I know the guy I like is around, I make jokes to my friends and stuff, but...
I *think* I'm good at sensing how others feel, but I'm terrible at social cues. My friends have learned to spell it out for me.
I love fire, but I'm nothing like it.
Haven't found mine yet. I can dance, but I lack the creativity to do my own choreographies (not very ISFP, I guess) And when I like something I never get passionate enough to be the best about it....
0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
Wasnt Costa Rica the underdog too?
It's hard to get into relationships, yes. Mostly, think it's because I have trust and commitment issues plus low self-esteem.  I do like the idea of a relationship but it terrifies me everytime I...
Im told I look about 6 or 7 years younger and always get the same 'are you serious?!?!' reaction everytime I say my age.  I also think it has to do with the way I dress (shirts and jeans), my...
Smiles and dimples!
Yes. Even with my family. I appreciate them, but I have always wondered if I love them. The same goes to my friends. Perhaps this thing I feel 'appreciation' its just love, but I dont experience it...
Not very decisive.  Sometimes I think I feel I want something and just after I'm pursuing it I start doubting my decisions so I start all over again. Its an endless loop.
INFP, INTJ or INFJ.
I like to play with flashlights.
I try very hard to not stare, but I do glance once in a while people I find attractive and people that seem different, as in they go through life in their very own and unique way.
Tadah!
I was in a dance club thingy when I was younger. I was good, and I really enjoyed it just as long as I was in the back lol I still love to dance but alone in my room.
Not really a song, but a whole genre nauseates me. Bachata. The music irritates me.
I get nervous.. And when Im nervous I smile a lot. So I will start to smile and panic will fill my eyes. I'd probably try to give an explanation or apologize, but I'll stammer it out. All the while...
I'm not sure about the type, but I seem to be attracted to introverted guys, that happen to be nice and laid back,
Not at all. But sometimes the cool crowd would want me as a pet.
YouTube
Do you guys often think about how life would continue if you just died at this moment?  Just curious..
Seems like I was the only one to vote no.. I sort of like cheese, but it makes me feel like crap when I eat it.
Almost everyday? I feel uncertain and insecure most of the time, and I'm prone to feel sad for several days, maybe weeks, as oppose to feeling happy.. Happines come rarely, usually when I feel when...
Hmm... I usually value more when people just take me somewhere they know I'd enjoy. For example, I always wanted to go to Broadway.. That would be a hell of a gift :)
I distance myself and act like I don't really care. I try to mask it showing how 'happy' for whatever excuse I can find. Internally I imagine myself showing how much cooler I am than the person I'm...
I crushed really hard on Harry Burns from When Harry Met Sally. Umm.. Sun Ki from Coffee Prince. Trunks from Dragon Ball Z. Saul from Pineapple Express. Those are the fictional characters I...
I use the same as in winter. That baseball jacket.  But I'm in the Caribbean, the change in weather isnt that extreme.
I noticed that I sleep way too much. And when I wake up I go back to sleeping cause apparently being sleeping too long makes you tired and sleepy.  Unfortunately, I havent been able to sleep since...
*mutters* I wanna be witch hunted too..
I didnt go to an American high school but if they were bullied they were probably told to go back to Mexico, spic, alien, I dunno.. Go make me a burrito? Or do you want my burrito?  Umm.. Im not...
I love being alone because Im free to do as I please, and wont be interrupted in my thoughs or reflections.  Also, after so much interaction with people during the day I just want to be alone to...
I'm 21 and people usually guess I'm around 14-15, only once someone though I was 12-13. I still strongly dislike that guy.  Its good because at first glance people dont expect much from me, and I...
...
Yo!
I wanna be a mom too. Sometimes, when Im on facebook and see pictures of friends with their happy family my womb craves it, I have to fight with it for it to stop D:  But I'm not ready at all. Im...
Not at all. I feel guilty as hell and try to make up doing things for them.  PS. I think it was the timing, maybe your friend wasnt in the mood for dem jokes.
9w1
Trembling
Nursing? You can specialize in an area that would allow you be outside and have more alone time.  Perhaps a veterinarian? Or veterinarian technician? Personally I find marine mammals fascinating,...
tanning
Yeah, I actually got problems to make friends online and irl. I think is because I dont express well, it seems like you need to have good grammar, be clever, witty, smart AND funny to be generally..."


2171: 'I try not to rely too much on terminology and non-words..but this is sounding like a case I'm familiar with- it may be a matter cognitive functions.   When I first had these very similar checking...
Real
I thought that I was an INTP for sometime...and slowly came around that it's more of my idealized type..but maybe I'm wrong. Are there any dead giveaways that you see? (Whether in my forms or...
[If you're not listening to anything already... maybe play this song in the background while reading my forms; they work well together]  and...Hello! thanks for your interest in something like this...
There's nothing like this song
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYiahoYfPGk     Those lyrics man, those lyrics ;_;
1. In my room there are two wood walls, one-and-a-half dark blue walls and a half brick wall (which is the chimney) 2. I am highly interested soviet russian culture; and have pinned up propaganda...
Mathematics.  They say it's prospective for any job you want and from what I hear, it's about 300k starting.
My edge on poetry is to start off with the effects of my...psychological motives, actually. (well put!) I'm going to recall a few lines I wrote when I was thinking about what a stress on the martyr...
Maybe their work wouldn't have been as recognized (employed) to us... if It wasn't for Descartes setting up the framework.. heh..heh....  (It's a bit of a stretch...poor choice of words and I...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zl-eSe5DojA
If I'm allowed to say Rene Descartes, he gets my vote. He's done the world unprecedented good; every other scientist in this thread..even us.. owes toward him
Really obvious things  I always had a problem writing summaries in school because I hate listing off what happened as it is. I don't know, avoiding the core of the story and shying away to...
ZE LEFT IS PAST http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/worldwars/wwtwo/images/nazi_propaganda_europas.jpg  THE NOW UNT CENTER...
I have conversations or well...listen to my Grandfather's.. opinions on philosophy, biology and chemistry. I mean, far too complex and lightyears ahead of levels I'll see in my life on these...
ISFP...I guess not just as the ideal sensor but..switching around Mbti in general Though comparison and things like that...  I if I had died right now, the things that you find in my room would be...
See, the problem is that i'm not really stereotyping, Carl Jung is stereotyping. When I say that I've read and known his original work first..I mean that I've commit his speeches to memory (without...
I came into MBTI....personality psychology in general, after reading records on about five of Carl Jung's lectures on the form of the psyche generally, though more it's exchange through the...
I'm trying to understand commercials..I mean, I don't watch tv, but there's something I've picked up on recently   I was sitting at a table at McDonald's in Wal-Mart recently, staring at a tv...
Has anyone heard of Pokemon mystery dungeon? At the start of the game, you answered a poorly assembled personality quiz for the pokemon you would play as..based on pokemon natures etc.  I remember...
33280   Disregard the blurry guy .. HELLO!
It's if the artist chose one circle to disregard some subject to I don't know what to say..I do like the cameo of the sky via trees..It looks like an x-ray vision in some way, like if a circle of...
These are sort of- just places that don't seem unfamiliar to me. They do have the 9-5-4 or something similiar feel.. I feel  http://i.imgur.com/NM5ni.jpg ...
Since what I've known about satan from my time at church or reading opinions like this...or the pictures I've seen... he is very human, and the images i've had as him is as a human on the outside....
A healthy...or even a normal Intp... would agree that Si and Fe or even Se is an active component to they're dominant Ti or Ne....whatever it is. And if not that, at least as a veil or resemble to...
You talk about the intellect of an INTP...though what you're talking about and how bares no resemblence to the form of any INTP mind I've come to know...   (6/10) for effort  I make you as an...
I've just finished my Writer's craft course I can say that the teacher was very esfj.. I thought the course would be learning new styles or at least to hone my own writing craft. But it felt like...
From this song..I've got to say are my favorite lyrics...resonates some with me at least Soundgarden - Blow Up The Outside World - YouTube
When you can't take personality quizzes anymore, because you've figured out how each question directly affects your results...and then there's bias everywhere
A degree in math is only prospective in graduate studies  I think it was a doctorate in mathematics is about 300 thousand starting, any job you want etc
I think the worst part about this education system is early conscription. Like reading words for opinion or learning science...should really hold off on that. Like...everything that has ever existed,...
Geez, high school xd      What were you in high school? Nerd, Jock, Gamer, Computer Geek, Prep, Ghetto or others?   I guess I belong most with the music students..    Did you go to alot of...
I'm really attracted to depression I guess its a time when life is simple and easy to interpret...(these are the times when I write my best papers poems or songs xd)   Culture shock is interesting as...
Hey Absentminded Insult
thank you...or thanks, depends how I feel  I try to be polite and brief when I'm supposed to`-`
1. Nobody 2. Beaver 3.  Befriend it 4. It is bigger than me 5. No 6. My beaver 7. Crystal 8.  Hold it up to the sun 9.Pond 10. The beaver
Carl Sagan's Cosmos!
Sulphur Eiderdown Kelso  these words are just naturally cool, I dont know how to describe it
I thought....Well I'll be in summer school in a few weeks and It's going to be boring. but what if summer school was made out of rockets? I walk into school, everything looks normal...but the floor...
I mean something permanent...in the sense that we're never going to experience it's change like the sun rising and setting, that's permanent...even grass growing  Even feeling...(what I consider...
I mean, think of everything you've ever percieved....and rank them from most permanent to least permanent.... What would the most permanent and least permanent be?
I can't tell If i'm introverted or not...I definately don't act like it around people who aren't close friends...and Now that I think about it, i'm usually the leader amoung my friends... But I...
I get depressed when I'm by myself, when I'm not doing anything...How do you guys spend your free time?  I find weekends real bummers, and I'm not looking forward to summer break, at all, at all!...
My three best friends are INTP, ISFJ and INFJ neat neat neat!
hey, that's a great idea, what genre of books do you read, or what books recently?     How do you suppose I can stay consistent, when there is no water for me to keep chugging along, but I'm...
When I'm feeling sad, I think alot more clearly, I can appreciate music alot more, I can write music, paint pictures, draw pictures and take pictures, anything I want, and I like all of this.  But I...'"


2230: 'Pisces, fits me pretty well =P
I love logic and thinking puzzles, like Portal/Portal 2 and stuff like that, sometimes I can cut through the hardest puzzles in an instant and other times I can sit there for an hour missing the...
I think other people sometimes have trouble understanding us because they confuse being withdrawn with being complicated. They have to work to get anything out of us, and when they do they try and...
I subconsciously do that sometimes when I'm trying to make a point but other people talk at the same time. To me, if I'm interrupted/talked over, then whoever I was talking to was either ignoring me...
Hi, I think this will probably just end up as me ranting, but whatever. I've been feeling out of place at college recently, I guess more specifically my major (computer science). I just feel...
I'd love to just wander around the house in a pair of shorts, though I have to wear a t-shirt when there are other people home (which is all the time, lol). I used to absolutely hate socks, but when...
I'm some combination of 5w4, 9w1, and 4w5, but I don't know what's dominant over the others. The problem I have with the enneagram is that I just don't relate to it as well as I do with being ISFP. I...
That's the type I think I am, but I don't identify with the enneagram as well as I do MBTI, so I'm not really sure.
I read in a previous thread that 4's would probably be more represented than 9's since 4's would be more likely to frequent and post on a site like this.
I used to think I was a 9, but now I don't know anymore. I'm pretty sure I'm some combination of 5w4, 9w1, 4w5, but which I can't tell.
Have to agree with Wendixy, I wouldn't say we have naughty eyes. Sometimes when I'm with my close friends I'll be sarcastic and play little pranks, but with most people I'd feel much too awkward and...
Depends who I'm with, if I'm with my friends I'm pretty loud, get told to quiet down a lot. When I'm not with friends though I tend to be pretty quiet when I talk.
I've thought about keeping a diary a couple times, but never worked up the energy/consistancy to actually start one, lol. I'd rather just work things out in my head or listen to random music that...
Here's the system I follow when remembering function arrangements for different types:  P means the second letter is extroverted and J means the third third letter is extroverted. E means the...
A few days before my first girlfriend broke up with me, I had a sudden and overwhelming surge of loss and despair that I couldn't attribute to anything that was happening at the time. My now current...
In my own personal experience, if I try to explain how I feel about values or something, I end up stuttering and giving half metaphors that don't make sense. I know what it is in my head that I feel,...
I'll try and give my best explanation of Fi, it's probably one of the hardest to definitively pin down. Basically, Fi is based on an internal value system that is the measure for what is right and...
Guesses, but pretty sure about them:  Mom - ESFJ Dad  - ISTJ
I'm 9w1, definitely agree that being a 9 lessens the effect Se has and causes me to be more prone to being in Fi-Ni loops. I can fall into them relatively quickly, and I have to watch myself to make...
I've got a better question. What would you do if a close friend was in an unpleasant, possibly fatal situation and you found out on accident, convinced your friend to confide in you and offered...
Agreed, there's definitely room for a huge misunderstanding there depending on how it was worded. Also, it may or may not be an ISFP thing, but at least in my case, relationships tend to feel a lot...
A fox or a lynx. Or a raven or sparrow. Depends on how I'm feeling during the day. ^_^
Both speculation  Dad - ISTJ Mom - ESFJ  I have no idea about either of my younger siblings (I'm the eldest of three)  My dad and I clash a lot, he doesn't seem to think I can do life and...
I actually was just recently thinking about this, I've lately been noticing drives to sketch something down. Of course I don't know what it is that I want to sketch when I start, so I end up with a...
This pretty much sums up exactly how I feel often, like I'm stuck in a rut I don't quite understand and that I'm too lazy to get out of it.
I like to doodle, but I'm not all that good, I want to learn more and get better at it. My real/more natural medium is my voice, I love to sing.
^ agree, we can keep the bows, just not shoot any animals with them, only targets.
I don't really have a pose, but if I'm thinking or concentrating really hard I'll stick my tongue out a little bit. Makes it kind of awkward when I don't realize it and someone asks why I'm sticking...
From my own experience as an ISFP male, I am very shy about that and would almost never ask someone out unless I was getting very strong vibes that they liked me too, not wanting to end up in an...
Quick, hide our super secret plans for World Domination and ISFP-ication machines!
I actually can't right now, I'm going through a period where I'm really not sure what it is I want to do with my life, I'm still working out who I am and what I will be happiest doing.
It all depends on the person, what they're good at/like to do. I'm sorry, I don't know what you're looking for, but there is no one answer here, it's going to be different from one Fi dom to another,...
We don't pretend we know what's best, and we don't tell people to go away if they don't match our views. Everyone has a right to believe and do what they think is right. And there's no reason our...
To be perfectly honest, no I don't think it's worth pursuing something better if I'm already happy where I am. If I ever become unhappy or discontent, sure, I'll work towards finding something else...
Why worry about whether or not it's the best? You can always find something to improve on if you look for it, but you'll just end up endlessly chasing an unobtainable ideal. It's much simpler and...
Also, keep in mind that sometimes it can apply to arts other than visual arts, like music. I've always been closely drawn to music and can sing reasonably well, though it's not as good as it could...
Having artistic tendencies and being able to innately understand and create aesthetically pleasing combinations is a trend of ISFP's, but certainly not a requirement. There are ISFP's who aren't...
The Artist is just a stereotype to describe the general pattern of an ISFP's thought process, it doesn't mean if you're an ISFP you have artistic talent or a gift of expressing something through art....
It's not that MBTI mixes up the function orders, it's that the functions have different meanings based on what system you are using, the Se of MBTI means something different than Se in Socionics. In...
Dating a lovely INFP, planning on proposing to her soon actually. =D
Fall smells crisp, with a slight hint of sweet sap in the air. The cool air has a distinct scent that I can only describe as a moist leaf, a smell that is both wet, earthy, and airy all at the same...
Hm, in my opinion it seems a little more ISFP, though it's not strongly one or the other either way or even something else, being the Enneagram it's hard to say if one combination is more or less...
My girlfriend is an INFP, and my two roommates who are one of three closest real life friends I have, are both ISTP. My other close friend is an ENTJ (go figure, I have another close ENTJ friend that...
I often times repeatedly replay conversations and interactions that upset me in my head later, going over what would have happened if I had been more assertive, if I didn't back down, if the other...
Sounds like you're struggling with a situation where the rules and customs are overtaking the actual beliefs and faith, which unfortunately is an all too common occurrence these days. Just keep in...
Basically, Fi is having an internal set of core values on which you base your decisions and life choices. Everything in life that you experience is compared to this set of values which determines...
This is actually incorrect. ESFP's functions are: Extroverted Sensing Introverted Feeling Extroverted Thinking Introverted Intuition  Which are the same functions ISFP's use, just in a slightly...
Lol I've been fascinated watching you two go back and forth, but by now I've completely lost track of what it is you guys are even debating anymore. It seems to me like you're both trying to say the...
Stolen from the ISTP's who stole it from the ENFJ's who stole it from the INFJ's. xD If you have something you want to vent about someone without any pointed fingers this is the place!  Dear INFP,...
Oh oh oh crap, there's a song that's just perfect for this but I can't for the life of me remember what it is... umm... I'll think of it in a little bit.'"


2237: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LozrF-EHf1Q
You've no idea just how long I watched spiderman dance around to that song XD I must have been hypnotised by kaa beforehand or something XD
Depends on the intuitive XD  Some have really out of this world and funny ideas and stories. Others are just try-hards.. XD
Blue eyes are really common here. I like my eyes all the same but if I had to pick another, I'd pick green. There is some mystical quality to them that makes them so intriguing!
Hi :)
Welcome :)
ISFP:  I'm not charming - People don't find me likeable. At school, I was seen as a weird kid.  I'm not fiercely independent - For the most part, I like rules and traditions. I mightn't always...
I'll check them out! :)
The director of the novel ;)  Nah but seriously, quoting from wiki here on the 1974 film:  It was directed by Jack Clayton and produced by David Merrick from a screenplay by Francis Ford...
I'm not INFP but I'd like to join! Sounds like fun! I've watched both the 1974 and the 2013 movies but I've never read the book.
Never thought about it that way but it's true. My parents got divorced 5 years ago and it infuriated me how the courts favoured my mother.
Well, I build my hopes up sometimes, almost as high as castles with my wishful thinking so,  hopes count in that context....right?
You get bored one day and go on a 17km walk to your J friend's house. You also forget to tell them beforehand and almost give them a heart attack when they see you at their door XD
lol. I understand your fury XD  My only problem with the video is that it forgot to include this classic:  Eduard Khil - I am very glad, because I'm finally returning back home  ...
I'm not easily angered and I don't hold grudges but when I do get angry, I become engulfed in a fit of rage and honestly it's quite scary. All reason flies out the window and I become a hulk, of...
Yesssssssss! XD  Based off the past week:  Walk paint Video games or solitaire etc on the computer Chill outside with my pets Family tree Youtube
Despite being artistic, I paint to replicate what I see on a canvas. I don't create anything when I paint. Sometimes I focus way too much on details XD I love facts and history. I love puzzles...
Very interesting image!! :o
Well I was somewhat guilty XD
I agree but my mum is mentally ill and was in huge denial at that time. She kept going off her meds so she wasn't altogether there. My dad forced her to go to hospital later that year (which...
Same!
Sorry to hear that :(
Interesting! :o  Based on that idea:  ENTJ Extravert(62%)  iNtuitive(75%)  Thinking(28%)  Judging(75%) You have distinct preference of Extraversion over Introversion (62%) You have distinct...
Whatever you do, don't use the shadow.com personality quiz XD  I typed this in as my self assessment for the lols: I saw a squirrel but it didn't notice me so I was triggered. I got my gang of...
Reminded me of this :   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ejga4kJUts
meme music XD    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6K3T63w8AA
My words.    I was proven wrong a few minutes ago and it pains me to admit it
:shocked:
A local newsagent. I live in Ireland :)
How to make sure my collar stay poppin
I have two pickles, I have two pickles, I have two pickles today .. hey hey!
Well I literally knew nothing about Lithuania before the video except that it was an Eastern Block country and that a dude from Vilnius works at my local shop XD I'll probably forget by tomorrow...
hi :)
I find it funny that you're apologising over something like swearing in songs! XD  The basketball one was quite funny to watch. Thought they was going to be invaded by aliens because of the weird...
Depended on the type of essay. At school, I hated opinion pieces, personal essays & speeches but I absolutely loved short stories & descriptive essays.  Going to art Uni so I won't have many essays...
I agree. They are funnier.
I'm using a mac at the moment but I miss windows so much. My next one will be a windows, no doubt about it. :sad:
I blush and stutter a lot when near them. So I distance myself quite a lot to save myself from potential embarrassment. Thankfully, I'm good at slipping under the radar when I need to XD
and forgot to congratulate you on passing! :)
I have to be honest, I know nothing about the language. I've a friend from Ukraine and she tried to teach me some words but I couldn't pronounce any of them XD I presume that I'd struggle just as...
That exam sounds like hell! Slightly happier that our education system is a lot easier :confused:
Hi. Welcome to PerC! :)
That would really piss me off. In my country, we don't have projects that contribute to your grades. Every subject is graded off your score from a state exam you take at the end of your last year of...
The Good Friday Agreement.   Disney's Mulan   Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was published  Nintendo released The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time  MP3s were created for the first...
I'm a bit ignorant here. Are Millennials the same as Gen Y or is there a tiny difference?
I'm perfectly content. :)
I'm guilty
My parents had children quite late to save money so I grew up listening to old records.  I remember these the best XD   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGuFn0RPgaE  ...
I was born in '98 and while it's quite vague, my first memory was watching the 9/11 news reports on the TV. Dad was watching it in the morning with me and left it on when he went out to work. I...
'98 kid here. Just stopped by because I'm a nosy parker XD'"


2340: 'I would save him. I believe people deserve second chances, and perhaps having been shown mercy when he knew he least deserved it might change his life.
ENFJs (in my experience w/ them, there are two subtypes of ENFJ: charismatic/cool ENFJ and derpy ENFJ, but both are equally loving, understanding, and eloquent; I tend to get along more with derpy...
ISFP 4/10  I had two close friends in high school who I hung out with all the time and never talked with anybody in class unless they initiated Although I knew a good number people from different...
this perfectly describes my relationship with the isfp girl that i know. it's not really a bad awkward; it's awkward in the sense that we don't really know what to say to each other and instead sort...
reading and writing (mainly scifi and fantasy!), improvising on the piano, photography, camping, hiking, kayaking!!!, recreational swimming, tinkering with web design (css, jquery, and such),...
indeed :p  for me:  - passive aggressiveness - one word texts - people eating food loudly (HAHAHA it's so weird typing it out like this but seriously)  and as everybody and their dog have...
ISFP unemployed (student?) computer science! writer  I've thought about creating this sort of interactive adventure story through coding... haven't learned enough yet to make it though. :P
Very often but become disinterested very quickly. It's kind of like at the moment I'm super into it and want to know everything about it and absorb the entire essence of it, but as soon as the moment...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UL_EXAyGCkw
The calm after the storm that's currently blowing inside.
ISFJ for a while, then ISFP. I think I might be INFP though. :o
It's a relationship that is made of explosions and rainbows. :D  I've never been romantically attracted to any ESFP, but friendship-wise, I think we get along amazingly (there's no shortage of fun...
Loud and annoying. Brash. Bold. Loved to run around and do things.   I mellowed out during middle school but that was because a lot of things were happening then.
The Berenstein vs Berenstain Bears really bothers me... I distinctly remember it being spelled as Berenstein. .-.   I talked about it recently with a friend (an INTP) who told me that it was...
ISFP, originally sorted into Ravenclaw but that was about four years ago when I was in high school. Retook the actual test and got Gryffindor which I'm fairly certain is pretty accurate (although I...
I wish they gave us more time to explore different paths in college. I feel incredibly pressured by the school system and friends to already be set on some course, but I'm still not sure what to do....
I have this horrible tendency of pushing people away when I get close with them. It hurts them... and hurts me. I don't even know why I do it, but I always feel like I have to do it. Maybe because I...
I'd have to agree with maintaining friendships too. I'm usually never the one initiating conversations with old friends and I always feel bad because it seems that I don't care but I really do care...
My dad is very much an ENFJ and we get along incredibly well. For my mom, I'm still working on her type but I think she's some sort of ISXJ, possibly ISTJ. But then again, I've thought that she could...
3. To what extent do you shape your own destiny, and how much is down to fate? I believe you shape 100% of your own destiny and you do it based on what you make of yourself and of the environment...
I find that I give people the wrong impression very often and mostly because of really similar problems (where people think that I don't like or want to talk to them because of my tendency to be...
http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6z0s6zzVg1qdlh1io1_250.gif  http://38.media.tumblr.com/4e7b5568b12777f8e616adfcee7d3ee2/tumblr_n8jxbpnVlR1scyhcso3_500.gif ...
If upsetting as in tear-inducing, then the death or seemingly eternal separation of a loved one of a character, especially if I'm super emotionally attached to that character. :P  If upsetting as...
Initially I thought Jesse Pinkman was an ISFP but I think his Se is much more pronounced compared to his Fi (but his Fi is still very strongly fueling that Se).   Also the case could be made for...
I've tried keeping a journal but it never worked out because I would literally write only one entry once a year. -__- I'm thinking about picking up journaling again however because it really helps me...
I was also sorted into Ravenclaw! :D  Though, I honestly believe that I'm more suited to be a Hufflepuff (and wanted to be actually :( ). I have a lot of potato characteristics.
For most confrontational, possibly EXTJs (from my experience with some of them). I think all types can be pretty stubborn but always in their own way. For me, I will not back down if any of my...
when it's 10:45 am and you're walking to your 10:30 am class but the people that you meet on the way think you're going to an 11 am class :P
ISFP and my directional sense is pretty good. Don't know why but I have an ISTJ friend who seriously needs me to come with her whenever she drives or even goes grocery shopping because she gets super...
My dad's for sure an ENFJ, my mom might be an ISFJ, not quite sure about the last two letters. My two younger brothers are ESFP and ENTJ. :P
I think healthy ISFJs are the sweetest--they really genuinely care for the people they love. I'm thankful for having met one. :D
Girl: Myra, Rose, Lily  Boy: Brandon, Jeremy  Either: Jordan   All tentative, of course. :P
I like small talk only if I can see that the person genuinely wants to hear what I have to say. I hate it when they're just doing it for the sake of doing it to get rid of the awkward silence or...
I feel like any of the ST types would be the best spies, but leaning towards XSTPs. :P
Do ENFJs want others to show affection (i.e. talk, hug, spend time, etc.)? I have a hard time showing affection whenever I'm feeling down or not up to it and I think it hurts my ENFJ friend/roommate...
I'm not an INFP (although I occasionally think that I am), but I think I can relate with both the dark and positive sides, which fluctuate a lot with me. I wonder if this is the result of the...
ISTJ! I think my first mutual crush was with one, but it ended badly because we were both too shy to start or say anything and because of that, there was a whole lot of miscommunication (especially...
I agree with  Devorah T.'s advice that you and your friend should simply sever all contact with him. It sounds like he's continuing to do this because he sees the reaction he wants to get from your...
My little brother is an ENTJ and it's kind of an love-hate relationship. We both tick each other off A LOT, but it never gets really really nasty (and I tend to forget what the argument was about...
I have a terrible, terrible short term memory. For long term memory, I find that I can only remember certain memories if it gave me a really big impression (and they're usually triggered by sound and...
I've been thinking about this a lot lately. I think I've only ever loved three people in my life (outside of my family) and that was only because we didn't mind each others' quirks (more like, were...
I really like INFJs, ENFJs, INTPs, and INTJs. ESTJs and ISTJs are also on the list. :P   I treasure my INFJ and INTP relationships the most, even though most of the time my INTP relationships are...
I agree with this 1002312%.   But adding on to the list:  - being told what to do or how to act (and especially if in an inconsiderate tone) - being forced to talk   Generally though, my anger...
What do ENFJs think about ISFPs? :)   I'm really, really close to my ENFJ friend whom I'm rooming with in an apartment next year, and while we get the smallest room in the apartment, it's a joke...
Sherlock Holmes (books, BBC series, you name it) Zuko  Ninth Doctor Tenth Doctor Dave Strider Ron Weasley (books only) Peeta Mellark  (and that's all I can think of off the top of my head...)
Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card
Captain America: The Winter Soldier! (I think)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpN1j8R5lZ8  I listen to this about 1000 times a day. :P
1.) Importance of Music - 8 2.) Lyrical Content/Instrumentation and Melody - 6 (while words are what get my attention first, I have to like the melody and the way the song sounds overall to truly be...
I think time naturally helped the anxiety wear off, but I agree 100000% with everything that you've all written and will definitely keep that in mind the next time something happens. Thank you for...'"


2405: 'Thanks for the input :)
Hey guys! Id like your thoughts on something.  I have an ENFP friend, 24 female. She seems to only talk about her problems with me, she has a past history of severe depression and anxiety etc etc....
thats actually him with the blue in my pic
my best friend is an ENTJ, he is the funniest person i know, bit heartless when it comes to women (but honest, he aint no player), dosnt concern himself with the needs of people he dosnt know (such...
Depends on so much.  ISFJ's tend to hold grudges when they have been deeply offended or hurt, if he really was having sex to please you and then you got mad at him for it I'd imagine he be hit hard...
I say ENFP  In your description of using FE you bassiclly described FI.  you seem unable to focus in on what you know the facts, instead your mind is rampant with possibilitys and connects that...
Wow we are human, damn your right we forget this all too often I can relate heavily I'm so hard on myself :(  I enjoyed your realistic response and they are some great values to live by, I...
I fucking love ISFJ's so emotionally intelligent and caring, Also very interesting thoughts you guys have, my friend lets me inside of his head and what I find there is amazing.
Just wondering what other ISFP people value closely in people and in themselves.  I just recently surprised myself by getting with a 24 year old women (I'm 18) who has a boyfriend, obviously I...
Me too! Watching cool characters on movies makes me feel depressed -.- I want to be cool, smart, intelligent, mature and just plain awesome at everything I do just like them, but I'm not...  My...
I'm not a women but if I had to break up with somebody it would be very hard for me and I would feel terrible, maybe that's why she has been ignoring you although it's hard to say exactly why.  It...
Ps She is 20 and the relationship was atleast a couple of years
Hi wonderful ENFP's, just a quick question hoping to gain som insight.  I have a female ENFP friend that has recently told me about a break up she has had recently, she confined in me randomly...
I don't know if she is having trouble she is now saying she still wants to be friends if that helps, I'm upset but not destroyed and I think I can move on (slowly)  About the conversation thing can...
Well your one up on me, i do NOT remember names EVER.  but seriously that is interesting, i cannot relate to that! can you propose why that is?
A law that prevents a centerlised privately owned banks from existing :)
i just hate to ask people personal questions, i just feel it would be intrusive and it is to risky.  for example i saw a tattoo on a mate in TAFE which looked like a memorial tattoo of somebody...
Thanks for the kind words guys!   yeah i think ill carry a little stigma towards INTJ's from now on :/ sorry INTJ's xD  anyways still young so its all good ;)
So my INTJ girlfriend recently broke up with me,  ***BACKGROUND + LEAD UP***   so we met in highschool, aged 13, it was my first real relationship and hers too and we got along well. The...
2w3 or 2w1 not quite sure
thanks Pup
Can someone tell me what it looks like when an ISFP is overcompensating using SE?  I read somewhere that if they are brought up in a household that dosn't accept sensitivity or something the ISFP...
Thankyou that was a grey read, made a lot of sense,   So what's my NI doing? How dose an ISFP expiriance NI?  Also I kind of enjoy these negotiable feelings, I like being a dick for some reason...
-self centred and a little narcissistic (only a little) - slightly enjoying the negitive feels
Lately I've become impatient, especially with kids, easily angered and short tempered, other feeling like a lot of people are idiots. I've also been a little Lonley and want to connect with people...
I didn't say thinking outside the box is unhealthy, this guy has an OBSESSION, I don't think he knows what's in the box to begin with XD
Okay then thanks :)
Lol, I'm all joked out.
Omg XD XD stop hahaha  Now that was good!
Omg XD XD stop hahaha  Now that was good!
Well ENFP's always make me feel special so your doing something right!!
Hahaha I'm dying XD you watt m8?
I've been best friends with an ENTJ for 8 years and I always thought he was invincible,  The was no problem that couldn't be solved He was never ever upset (or didn't show it) Was awesome at...
Haha yes! That's what I'm talking about! There a funny YouTube video of a guy approaching random strangers and with a street face telling them the dumbest jokes ever XD unbelievably funny.  What...
Ahh I see! What's the reason for an ENFP showing different parts to different people? If you don't mind my asking  Oh and by school I mean collage, this guy is 22 Also are FE,s more likely to be...
Is an ENFP either super popular or a super loner? Thats my theory  Also you guys have so much energy, I've got an ENFP teacher named jai and his nickname is literally ener-j (like energy)  Also I...
So I love puns, and jokes that are so bad they are good, is this an ISFP thing? To like lame jokes? XD  Eg:what do you call it when batman skips church? Christian bale -.- hahahahaa  Also music...
no argument will per-sway me! i refuse to engage politics, it is a corrupt system of greed, Politicians can NOT create any real change using the current system. they simply feed back to all the rich...
So i am an ISFP and my best mate is an ENTJ, we get along awesome, similar views on a lot of things, both have a great and similar sense of humour and both of us enjoy talking about the same kind of...
hahahaha! yes man!
hahah that's so naughty -.- but I confess to watching people hurt themselves (as long as they are being idiots and deserve it ortherwise I feel bad :()
I used to Watch weird al all the time haha funny guy!   I like the smart humour myself, clever jokes that relate to the real world and its direction! like this for instance, 911 in under 5...
AHA south park! you have some good taste my friend! I have not heard of those people, may have to check it out
th first extrovert t comment! interesting to see the difference in your reply!  Good to meet you Siouxsie
Thankyou! do you mid if I call you alex? because to be honest it would be a chore to type that name out XD  Yes Feelers ftw! haha
yo man what's going on?  INFJ rarest type out but 2 have already replied to me! what the? XD  so glad to meet some feelers, god damn hahaha
Hi grace, yeah W.A ftw  what's it like Being around all analytical types? I find them to be a bit boring sometimes but all very smart (which is good because I consider myself smart so I actually...
Hi guys I usually don't do intro's (im not good at them) but ill give it a go.  My name is Ethan im an 18 yo ISFP male from Western Australia, I like sports and music (imagining videos to go with...
Thankyou Evereth!
okay so I am an ISFP and my girlfriend is an INTJ and I desperately need some tips. Our relationship is strong 5 years ago we met in high school (year 9) and most everything is okay.  I need some...'"


2459: I'm only lazy when I have nothing to do. I can't do that SJ thing where they are constantly grazing around for jobs to complete. I'll let a bunch of important things build up, destroy them with 100%...
Chef whites (all my clothing is actually black), lighter, dallas key (used to clock in for work), house key
I defeated teenage acne, it was on my cheeks, chin, and forehead (clinically diagnosed as 'moderate acne') between the ages of 16 - 21  This is the secret.  Drink water, stop being a greedy pig,...
i'm complicated, it true but I don't smell like poo no, I mean it I've had a monster turd, I've seen it  no pungent drama on a panorama view of you my poo I beg of you
I more or less decided my career at 23 years old, around 7 months ago. I just need freedom of expression, and right now I am pretty much portraying my greatest self through catering.  I was...
ENTJs are interesting people!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHoHIL2ABVQ
I never put myself in a situation of conflict. My episodes are very brief, and promptly dealt with. My anger can sometimes explode if the environment is right for it, but it's so unlike my nature,...
it's been Awhile - staind
There aren't rules, it just nice that if you make a comment to somebody's post that you give them a notification...
I don't recall anybody in this thread making a link between Si & the past, so I just figured unless you pulled an idea out of the blue and it made no sense, that you made a direct reference to my...
You became very entitled, very quickly. Another INFP trait!
You bust out your guitar and start serenading them.
Yep, when I went for an office job (recruitment) I was anxious, and felt small compared to everyone! Then I got a job in a kitchen, and I'm basically the boss' knight in shining armor. Practical jobs...
Yes, I do.
ISFPs will explode, dance, and burst into a scene. INFPs will walk onto the scene talking about something that happened in the past.
We are similar, mind you. We both love to discuss ideas.
I tried watching a youtube video on gravity, it looked like a University class was being presented, and it just annoyed me. It was not concrete at all, and you basically get a few impressions and...
Yes, I can tell the difference. ESFPs will break into dance at any random point in the day, for no reason, uninfluenced by external factors. ISFPs either wait till they are home, or until the...
Ok.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hy10SsipBaU
My sister is an ISFJ, too. She is a much better artist than me!
Just stay Introverted, if you are an Introvert, and don't be embarrassed to express yourself in what way you deem necessary. When you think about it, you already know how to be authentic, embrace...
ISFPs only need to be more like their true self, in order to explore and develop their Ni. As Ni is a subconscious function (they're all subconscious, but Ni is less explicable), if you strive to be...
I see some INFPs have arrived in order to scout out any bargains on offer.
Si is nice.
So, I really like the female vampire ASMRs.  I'm a man but I would love to make one for the audience. I personally do not watch men make ASMR, but I wouldn't shun the idea of doing one.
In socionics, ISTJ is an ISFPs Benefactor. They are awesome, provide us with Te, and pretty much can't do anything wrong around us. I'm not surprised it worked out well.
I had an interaction with an ENTJ!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Ml7A0rH9uo
May I ask, how do you know she was an ISFP girl?
Haha, I was trying to be funny and look at Morrisey's style through a sensual view!
The Greatest Hits  1. I popped a spot and it hurt 2. Let me fix your laptop, Samantha 3. Jennette, you gave me a boner 4. For some reason I bleed 5. Egg, ham and chips, that's tradition 6....
I accept, thank you, ISTJ.
What about a month's free trial, like Amazon Prime.
I can offer you some Fi, I mean... it's not much... but it's still good!
Leave me alone!
ISFPs look like they have a laser beam coming from their face, breaking down your soul.
Together Again - Janet Jackson
Infp.
I blame all the (actual) INFJs on youtube. Those animated, tempting eyebrows. That expressive face.  Ah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thinking is the process of reaching a decision. intuition is about recognizing something familiar or interesting.
Sia - Chandelier
Be polite, and be supportive.
Everybody is their own greatest artist. Even the most magnificent Van Gogh collection would only make up 0.01-0.05% of an individuals' character. The greatest opera only makes up a short time period...
melancholy (for me) is that brief 2 second period after you are appreciated when you realise how all your life came down to this insignificant moment, and nothing more. Then you realise that there's...
I used to like going to church with my school as a little Greek kid because they sometimes gave you brioche bread as a treat. Otherwise I'd stare at the clock and count the seconds till 11am, then I...
Ask yourself, which type would you rather be, and why would you rather be that type?  When you have answered these questions, then you will truly know.
I wouldn't be happy at myself for not being able to return such a wonderful gift. If we're going to play a game of sentiments, mark my word, mine be 1000x more emotional and on point than yours. The...
Not particularly, no.
no need to tread around eggshells when in conversation with you."


2506: I believe I am pretty mature, but that in being so I know that life is way too short not to act childish every once in a while. Time and place for it, and such.
I'm nodding off.. Off to sleep past noon and then complain about my sleep schedule. Night.. or err.. early morning, guys!  See ya! http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m1usvap5nO1qd7g44o1_400.gif
That's fine I already know pretty much everything of course. x3 http://www.gurl.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/hairflip.gif
oh, interesting. teach me more, chameleon-senpai.  http://37.media.tumblr.com/9a365fb5a4b7a22503675104ed65e0df/tumblr_n3xgsfjhTr1rbw50xo1_250.gif
what does that mean?
http://38.media.tumblr.com/ff2a224337811c25416b1fe0b5362ad6/tumblr_n2mjdfhJzx1s11vqao2_250.gif http://33.media.tumblr.com/f2d2fa9953f878fac1da4d7df114f44a/tumblr_n2mjdfhJzx1s11vqao1_250.gif...
http://38.media.tumblr.com/16fb3b671756a52994bb5e2bea95ebb7/tumblr_mkyccnMtXn1rnvlp9o1_500.gif
http://33.media.tumblr.com/0fc743e526cb7e1a8470dcc7d66fcecd/tumblr_mlgquzslBW1qiipzuo1_500.gif
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mamg5tz7uN1qhkr9s.gif   oh thanks. c: hey fishy!
http://38.media.tumblr.com/21fdfbdcd07d0135af5153c308aa4d9f/tumblr_n509ykX4py1typ41yo1_250.gif  urgh, thank you so much. i use my gifs to express myself. uwu
http://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7via1TItM1qkgmfvo1_400.gif
Nevermind then, just a silly gif. ouo
http://33.media.tumblr.com/b2411c07b8e3dc8444a4518842eb4015/tumblr_n8exrcUnPU1qd586io2_250.gif
http://personalitycafe.com/sex-relationships/299826-fetish-thread.html  http://31.media.tumblr.com/00ad2960c54ffccb95084120f58a6684/tumblr_n9on1up6mR1rufh5do3_250.gif
Naughty boy, imma spank you. o;
I'll follow you on tumblr to show my commitment. o;
https://38.media.tumblr.com/1799ffba781cfb9131f3f9409549356a/tumblr_n9rd7wUiS91rt1mg2o4_1280.jpg
That wasn't a no.
Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov.
Yes. c;
That dude who's talking about exterminating gay people makes me sick to my stomach..   http://38.media.tumblr.com/87cd6cc58ae4d32e2b794d74a2f1d34c/tumblr_mz1zuoDeKx1qa0n48o6_r1_250.gif
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88tWn26bh3M#t=22
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88tWn26bh3M#t=22
-follows you, bab.-
weep for me bab. http://24.media.tumblr.com/94e9cdbf4e59c951e7ac62b41459e858/tumblr_mqk6scCXtb1qev9c5o1_500.gif
Unfollowing inactive blogs on tumblr.
http://31.media.tumblr.com/00ad2960c54ffccb95084120f58a6684/tumblr_n9on1up6mR1rufh5do3_250.gif
http://37.media.tumblr.com/44af1e322986f0e88cd8b8a416cf1633/tumblr_ms9fam2bSO1r3ifxzo1_500.gif   (づ ￣ ³￣)づ  ♡♡♡
If your icon has anything to do with it yes, yes we will.  http://i.imgur.com/VOg8EQw.gif
https://31.media.tumblr.com/51347d9502326ef634e616d655ab2948/tumblr_n9joz4YB3F1si6s76o1_500.png...
I know, that's why so many people mispronounce it.   http://38.media.tumblr.com/61a9d4f0624f6b9becbe74404dacd4a1/tumblr_n9jnm5daJb1r11qslo4_100.gif   But thanks! ...
Game of Thrones is amazing! http://37.media.tumblr.com/37add3fe880435f2531d467b8a311f3a/tumblr_n1isum8eKi1se9fcoo5_100.gif
Cameron Leah? Is that your name? It kinda sounds like it, but mine Kamyl Leann Cole. I recorded the pronunciation because nobody seems to know how to pronounce my name... Vocaroo | Voice message
http://37.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m72nl4K4if1rnryvao1_250.gif   Hello! Nice username, my first and middle name said together actually sounds like Chameleon. My close friends/family have taken to...
People remember me!?!? http://37.media.tumblr.com/d6e59df502090784b83880e574f9ad68/tumblr_n9pebtg1Od1rdsxs3o3_250.gif    P.S. I've been okay, mostly. Just wasting my summer away.
https://31.media.tumblr.com/5543a36c37c44c11e7642071c9d537e9/tumblr_mt5dxknP8w1rpcf5oo1_400.gif
Yes, yes you should.   http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_SWF9i3Vzpac/TMfITNfhMmI/AAAAAAAAA2s/Gdl2pxm1tGY/s1600/Tetsuo+-+from+Akira.gif
Oh my lord, Evangelion is everything wrong with the world and everything good with it at the same time.  Akira: Just Akira, am I right?
This thread confuses me to no end.
Sitting here and not watching the Super Bowl.
I was going to make a specific thread for a few specific complaints, but ey why not just make a thread to post complaints in. I'll begin. [Alert: There will be spoilers, if someone chooses to warn...
Shirtless Anthony Kiedis.
Is football important to you?
I'll read profiles of people I'm not even interested in. I'm usually not a repeat offender unless I'm extremely interested in the person.
I'm watching The Secret World of Arrietty. :3
AGGHHHHH MY GOD LOOK AT THIS CUTIE.  http://youtu.be/gkofwx2liHM
I'm watching that Deadly Woman show and its taking place in my very own home town (where I've always lived). There's a creepiness to seeing that these things can happen so close to home.. Very eye...
I have a friend who is an INTJ and he's very insensitive without meaning to be so. For this reason I say INTJ.
http://youtu.be/r6mLmDJFF-k
http://youtu.be/r6mLmDJFF-k"


2509: 'https://media3.giphy.com/media/26FPon5fbbqH2q880/200_s.gif
Drinking, in general with family, is almost always a disaster.
Oh jeez, I'm a big time avoider. It's ruined a couple of opportunities in the past I'm sure.
I feel like I have to walk on eggshells around too many people in my life right now and I am so so tired of it. I feel awful.
I'm not super active on PerC right now, but I usually stick to the mafia subforum, spam world, or the picture my mood thread I guess?
Good luck to the both of us then.
Aww thanks for that post. Specifically working to increase a certain value in the world. That's actually a really nice, straight-forward way to go about it.
Yes! I'm completely the same with not quitting. Not looking for marriage or anything like that at the moment though. Probably partially because it falls under the whole long-term planning category...
I don't understand how people can just know what they want to do for the rest of their lives. Even more mind-blowing is someone who knows what they want to do with their life, and actually sees it...
Music in general, family (my nieces are seriously too adorable), the internet, friendly/happy customers at work, animals, teary-eyed laughter, travel, live theater, coffee, soft blankets, hot...
God.
Burlap? Both aren't my fav texture-wise.  Cartoons or live-action?   (I'm at the point where I've no clue what's been asked and what hasn't...oops)
:ninja:
Animal print? Tough one.   Flora or fauna?
https://tjbaer.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/gg_blanche_aw-shucks02.gif?w=620  Oh you ~
I work for an airline (on the ground), but I'm not a huge fan of heights in general either. Mentally, I try to separate normal heights (like standing on a tall building) from flying in a plane....
A good audience.
Oof, I lose things all the time, but not like... a permanent lost lost. Just a quick, temporary misplacement. Pretty much always my phone or keys since they're easy to hold/set down for random tasks...
I'm really bad for shifting the blame onto others or not owning up to all of my mistakes, and I've only just realized that it's something I do. I mean, I'm constantly apologizing for stupid little...
Coffee (but i love tea..)  River/Lake or Ocean
534194  534186  534202  534210  534178
Frosting  Singing or dancing?
We went from Château Du ISFP to the ISFP Meat Locker? Interesting jump.
Hi!   (I don't recognize the name... did it change?)
Not quite, but eh.   Gender: female Age: 25-35 Intelligence: gifted Idea adoption: conservative MBTI personality profile: ENFP Closest alternative we found: ENFJ
Yeh, apparently.
It's a forum game pretty popular on here. The basic idea is that everyone is split between town (majority) and mafia (minority). The town's job is to find and get rid of the evil mafia. The mafia's...
I don't pay much attention to him, but there are still quite a few things that bother me about him. Politically, he seems pretty wishy-washy or uncertain of his own stance on things. It feels like he...
I'm right here fam~  Usually I'm in the mafia subforum or just general reading/lurking about the site.   By the way, if anyone's interested, there's a mafia game starting soonish and we're...
Yes. This exactly.   The fact that people get offended when a friend doesn't text them regularly throws me off. I just don't need that kind of constant contact.
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/02/93/d8/0293d8c0afd99ade03d494643d69e9bd.gif
I think I'm starting to become afraid of romantic encounters...? Like I'm hardcore avoiding relationships and dating in all ways possible. What is wrong, me?
I was watching that Jeopardy too! I knew someone was gonna guess Juneau and get it wrong lol. We have plenty of McDonald's here. At least three or four in my town.
Ooooh, makes sense. That's tough :(  Just do what you can, and don't stress out on the rest.
Oh congrats!! And Toronto is great, though I've only been there once. I hope that it's fantastic for you!  What do you mean about your time?
Turbulent, but hopefully the plane's gonna be landing somewhere better? That didn't make sense, ignore me. lol    Noice noice. Sounds like you both need some sleep, heh.  I'm pretty good. Same...
How've you guys been??
Me too! It's been a while..
Heh guess so!
hOI temmie!
D-did Foxy delete the Last Poster Wiki page?
I try not to ever lie, but as others have stated I have in situations that help or console others. Really though I'm such a bad liar that even when I do it's usually very obvious.
http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/webdr05/2013/8/5/16/anigif_enhanced-buzz-2736-1375733165-5.gif
People are weird.
:(
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-xqSVwDcD_Eo/VbAkywyv5dI/AAAAAAAAAec/SSugyRbk96E/s1600/natureza.gif
http://media1.onsugar.com/files/2013/12/16/824/n/1922398/9fe64cc89e9c47a1_Windy.gif
On a Kate Bush kick for whatever reason.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNZxw8Ohyxs
That I am. Kind of. How've you been?!
Find something you are interested in and dive into learning how to do it. Don't look back, just go. What do you want to be good at? Drawing? Draw more. Take classes. Look at different styles of art...'"


2549: '31560  Border collie, I always liked this kind of dog, they seem so intelligent and friendly
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZetOKfqJg3Q&list=PLE9AC13458862D12E&index=11&feature=plpp_video
ISFJ sounds a lot like my best friend is :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dyNbMVfeyM&list=PLEFDAB13BB91ED034&index=52&feature=plpp_video   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfamwv1kR4M&list=PLEFDAB13BB91ED034&index=54&feature=plpp_video  ...
I suggest : . Stella ->  Stella (2008) - IMDb . Le fabuleux destin d'Amelie Poulain ->  Amélie (2001) - IMDb . C.R.A.Z.Y -> C.R.A.Z.Y. (2005) - IMDb
Speaking of Takagi I must confess that I've never heard of him before, but now I'm really interested in knowing more about his works. Do you know some links related to him that I can explore to...
Good thread !  I liked the Takagi Masakatsu and Marc Jacobs interviews.  Masakatsu possess a deep understanding of his surrounding and express it in a gentle, colorful and dreamlike way. Jacobs...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eJclVOneF0
I faced a similar situation some time ago with my cousin: she have always had a terrible character and I arrived at a point where the relationship made me fell like a shit, so I let it fade until I...
I can give you some quick advices, hope they will help you a bit; since you are a petite :  - if you like long skirts wear them with heels ->  you will look more high; (because the best kind of...
'The Pianist' by Roman Polanski
Here some things I like to wear :) I prefer warm colors, patterns, boots and soft materials . . .  30661
Slytherin :cool:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pu8KFlfzk3Y&ob=av2n
The Lord of the rings ; and poetry for my next exam (italian stuff)
My best friend is INFJ, we know each other from diapers and we share a beautiful relationship; other friends are ISFP, ESFJ, INFJ, INTJ . . .
Could be ...
For the enneagram, have you tried the test of PersonalityCafè ?  For me you sound like an INFJ, and also your test results suggest that :)
ISFP I tend to fall asleep around midnight and I usually wake up around 7.30; but recently I've tried to go to bed more early, around 10.30/11.00 so I can sleep more and be more active in the morning.
For me: Draco ISFJ (not totally sure, maybe an ESFJ; but XSFJ) Percy ISTJ  as for the others I'll try to match them as soon as possible :)
More than one; it's a miracle if I can finish something and at the same time being totally satisfied with it,  basically because if I don't have ispiration I can't create anything worth, moreover, I...
I totally agree with you on this: understanding the importance of feelings Dumbledore had the ability to make people do what he want.
592 for me :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSaUAQNf7z0&feature=BFa&list=PLEFDAB13BB91ED034&lf=plpp_video
Thank you ! I choose Fiamma if it's available :happy:
everytime :crazy: seriously, my friends often ask me if I'm high, mad or something like these; and I've always felt a bit different, but it's not a problem anymore, nowadays I'm happy the way I am.
Foxes and Wolves. Beautiful, free, indipendent but at the same time loyal with their groups and loved ones :)   30312  30313
Ahh, photography :blushed:!  In the past, not too past, something like 5 years ago, I enjoyed it a lot ( now I'm more into drawing ) but all your beautiful shots make me want to commit myself to it...
Nothing here to fear I'm just sitting around being foolish While there is work to be done Just a hang up call And the quiet breathing of our persian We call Cajun on a Wednesday  So we go from...
4w5, unhealthy    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-v15HjIsWgw&feature=BFa&list=PLEFDAB13BB91ED034&lf=BFp
Yeah, I tried to log out and log in to see if it could change something but it's still the same; I think that that profile already existed because it says :  Join Date 02-20-2010 (not correct for...
I think there's a problem with my profile page: it goes under the name candy1577 when my username is candy. and in about me the informations are not correct (even if I changed them in the settings)...
Hi :happy: (sorry if my english is not good) !  I feel symphatetic with you because I have had difficulty in finding my type due to the fact that I tend to answer (in tests) as I would like to be...
Ok, I think I have finally understood what I might be: an ISFP.  I'm not N because I focus on details, tangible informations and so on, in fact I have difficulty in grasping too abstract theories...
Thank you :) Now I need to read the description of these types and choose :cool:
I've read this http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/24032-intro-function-theory-more-detailed-descriptions-each-function-attitude.html  topic first post where functions are explained in...
I slightly change two answer but the result didn't change . . . And I noticed that I posted the italian version, sorry !  Your Cognitive Functions: Extroverted Intuition (Ne) 





...
Yeah, I'm quite sure I selected the right answer. I'll do it again just to be completely sure .
Ok this is the result of the PersCafè Function test . . . mhh I don't know if I grasped correctly the difference between introversion and extroversion . . .  Your Cognitive Functions: Extroverted...
I know that my writing skills aren't the best, in fact I tried to answer the questionnaire the best I could, but I noticed that I left behind many things I could have said ( normally I find difficult...
Now I'm sure of ISXP but I have to reconsider F and T . . . I was thinking that maybe it's my fault if the results aren't correct because these last years I've been trying to think and behave in a...
Thank you :) . I'm surely going to read all the material related to the cognitive process because it seems that I'm a mistery even for myself :crazy: I just tried the test you suggested and this is...
I think that everyone have a goal in life: it could be being loved by others, do well at work, gain a status . . . and many other things; I probably didn't express me very well, it's right that I...
huiwcleon I will surely do it !  allisreal Thank your for sharing your thoughts !  Crafter79  Yes, I taked that test, same experience as you. In fact now, after reading some accurate and detailed...
Because I think I'm more Sensing than Intuitive, for example the site MyPersonality says this (and I can totally relate) :  Sensing (S)  Sensing refers to how people process data. Sensing people...
I tried different MBTI test but I'm not sure what my type is, so I decided to post this thread in order to see if someone can help me finding it :ninja:  Help me please :confused:  1) What aspect...
1) What is your MBTI preference?  ISTJ (but I have very balanced S/N traits)  2) Why is art appealing to you? What initially got you interested in art?  I liked art since I was very young (when...
I just listened to it and I have to say that it's indeed a beautiful piece !
That's right ! In fact I can understand something of them due to the fact that I'm italian and our languages are similar; therefore also studying spanish-italian or french-italian could be affordable.
I think that learning a language as an adult is possible but requires commitment and constant work if you want to learn it by yourself. And also interaction with native speaking people.  As for me...'"


2581: 'Neither are scientific; there is too many variables.
If I like an item and I buy it, yeah maybe it's because I find it pleasing to the eye, but still in that respect it's still functional to me. The logic is that item makes me happy and it's...
Loving the SP love.
I wouldn't really mind. I like being who I am, whether I was introverted or extraverted it doesn't really matter.
I'd say I stim. I mess around a lot. I'm not autistic, though.
I'd enjoy being an ENTJ for a day, just for kicks.
It is true, you write a lot. :P  Writing, is how I type people. What they say, how they say it can say a lot about a person to me. Online and even in person. It says a lot about how they think, and...
ISFP and I get mistyped for, INFP, and ENFP. Most of my friends who see me a lot socially would say I was an ENFP. Those who know me a bit more deeply think INFP is possible too.
That sounds quite funny actually. I can relate to that when I am in awkward situation. I wouldn't say being socially awkward was my thing, I just can be when the situation occurs. I mostly try to...
ISFP 6w7 sp/sx
I think ISFP's can be aggressive. They are more there than INFP's giving them more of a chance to react to a situation for better or worse. They have more of a physical presence. They can't take...
Yes, you're right definitely an Fi dom. I am more on the Se side. Your questionnaire didn't ramble enough for Ne. ;)   Seriously, the difference between Ne and Se is always clear in their writing...
How I dress is very important to me. I love clothes, and the like. For me not to buy a clothing item within the week, is a rare occasion. I couldn't do outrageous fashion, though; I dress plainly. I...
If you talk every so often, I wouldn't even worry about it. Just ignore him.
ISFP - graphic design.  How? I didn't. I just kinda ended up there. I was originally in uni to study psychology but I didn't like the course, or the university, and all the other courses in my area...
Threads merged.
1) What is your MBTI? ISFP  2) What is your gender? F  3) If you were in the hunger games what MBTI type(s) would you pair up with to survive? ISTP and INTJ. An ISTP would be able to...
I've always found tampons with applicators useless. Just a piece of wasted plastic, if you ask me. But give them a go, and see if it makes it any easier for you.   I have honestly never found a...
Trust me, any hate towards sensors isn't as bad as it used to be. The forum has thankfully become more open minded since I started here.
I would never consider MBTI or any personality typing system to be scientific. There are far too many variables.
I have more qualities of a stereotypical extravert.
INXJ's are Pi dominant. I am more J like in the stereotypical sense.
Its where my main skill set lies.
Who isn't interested in some form of science? I assume you are referring to as science, as in, physics, biology, and chemistry. And then you have your social sciences: psychology, sociology,...
Yes, exactly.   If you think about where the terms introversion and extraversion come from, there is a hint within them. Introversion meaning interior and extraversion meaning exterior....
Are you aware of cognitive functions?   Introverted functions are subjective points of perspectives or judgements and extraversion would be objective points of views and judgements.
Not if you really think about it. Everyone contains both Extraverted and Introverted functions, therefore they would be capable of both - it's just your main way of thinking.
Introversion and Extraversion come down to whether you are subjective or objective. Time and time again I will say, it has nothing to do with wanting more alone time over social time, or whether or...
One the surface, from my experience of knowing INFP's is they are less here. I don't mean daydreamers because I am a daydreamer. INFP's don't have their feet on the ground - it seems they have many...
Due to the last few posts in this thread, and the fact that these kind of debates just cause arguments, this thread is closed.
Look at my avatar, and you shall always find her.
I quite like Amiable Artisan and Seeker & Keeper of Human Values.
I agree with eHarmony. I wouldn't say their test is any better mind you, although I have never taken it - I am just assuming. Typology would limit your interactions if eHarmony based their matches...
I think we should ask the ENFP's first if they want to be eaten.
ISFP  24 I have made life decisions but I'm not going to say these life decisions are the be and end all. There are far too many variables in life to say you will or won't do something.
I would say I was more towards cp 6 than phobic, I wouldn't say that I have encountered problems with being told that it isn't possible to be one. *shrug*
Are you a all knowing being who knows how everyone thinks? I thought not. Don't claim you have it hard when you don't know how others go through life.
Being shy/outgoing has nothing to do with introversion/extraversion. It's to do with how your mind works. I am a outgoing/loud introvert. But I primarily think subjectively.
ESTP. Don't confuse Se for Te.
Do you have any favourite pieces or artists?  http://www.lollipopgallery.com/wp-content/gallery/jimmyc/jimmycbirmingham.jpg
*sigh*  I really dislike the whole INFJ's are special rubbish that people throw around. Please stop.
Why not? If you want to be socially involved in university, it'll help you. You don't need a fancy phone, if that's what concerns you.   Can you not go on a contract by being able pay each month...
This is old.  1) What is your type? ISFP  2) how do you usually compose text messages (eg. Text speak/full grammar; direct/elaborate) Usually grammatically correct, few abbreviations, and...
I don't know, cause I is simple and I don't even understand my hand from my foot.
Honestly, it doesn't matter.   I mean yes, they suggest types that are supposed to complement you if you were a walking robot of your type, but people are far too complex for that.   Saying that,...
Beautiful reply.
Being Fi doms, I'm sure more often than not you seem to appear or be more sensitive than other people. Even I myself, admit to be sensitive.   But what I tend to have noticed with INFP's that I...
I love the ESP's. You don't have to convince me.
The problem with S descriptions is they are just going to be poor. You are best looking at the original source of Se and Si descriptions.
I was joking, sweets.'"


2583: 'I'm kind on the outside, that's for sure. I never want to hurt anyone's feelings. On the inside I'm not sure though because I do have a dark side. It's probably because my enneagram type is 4.
Hey, are Frederic Chopin and Mozart ISFP's and is Van Gogh an ISFP? Just wondering!
I was a very loud baby that cried all the time. I actually read a book once that said when babies cry a lot as opposed to being quiet it is actually a sign of introversion and not extroversion. When...
I just noticed how a lot of people always describe ISFP's as loving relationships and physical experience. Also, on some MBTI tests some of the questions will say, What do you prefer in a...
You made perfect sense. Thank you! :)
So recently I have been wondering.. Can ISFP's be asexual? Asexual means that you aren't physically or sexually attracted to anyone male or female. I identify with being asexual. I always have this...
If I wasn't able to express myself I would probably go insane. I need at least some kind of outlet!
Sometimes I can get a little intimidated by talkative people. I have no idea why! I sometimes feel bad about it because I know that they are people too so I shouldn't fear them. Once I get to know...
Hah! That one's great!!!
211626I made this one back in July. This is my second favorite one. :)
211210 Here ya go!
Hahahahahah! That's great! That's exactly the kind of joke I was looking for!
Nice ones! It's about time someone responded to this thread! Thank you!
Well, I'm not extroverted! I was confused when I read somewhere that it meant extroversion. You are right about the dreamy part, and how I like my space!! ;) I think slanting to the right can also...
Ok so the INFPs have a thread about bad Halloween puns, so I thought that maybe we could have one too! It's really fun. Here's my two Halloween pun jokes.  Q: What is the sick skeleton doing? A:...
Oh yeah here's another one! Q: Why did the ghost cross the road? A: To get to THE OTHER SIDE Hah! I'm having fun with this!
I'm not an INFP but I think the INFP forum is fun. So here's my punny joke. Q: What is a skeleton doing when he's sick? A: He's COFFIN!
Hey I was wondering if anyone could tell anything about me from my handwriting! There is actually a whole study dedicated to personality in handwriting called graphology. Maybe other people can post...
I think I'm ok at it. I can usually tell my their body language if I would like to be their friend or if I wouldn't get along with them. Sometimes I'll notice little facial movements when I am...
Bugs!!! Bugs creep me out!!! Even just the thought of them haha!
At first I thought I was an INFJ. Then I thought I was an INFP. Then finally I found out that I'm actually an ISFP.
Thank you. You have helped me a lot. :)
Thank you so much for your advice! It made me feel a little better. It's good to know that there are a lot of other people with the same problem as me. I don't feel as alone anymore knowing that....
Thank you for your response. While I was writing that, I noticed that I have a lot of contradicting thoughts like you mentioned. For example, I'm afraid of people judging me but I judge them by...
Every weekday I wake up at 6:00 for school and I am always nervous as soon as I get out of bed. My problem has nothing to do with grades or work or the classes I have. I'm always nervous that people...
Yeah, reading the descriptions I seem more like a 4w3. But of course, being me, I am still not sure!
Thank you Bella! I've been waiting for someone to answer all day! Thanks for the help!
I agree with you! I don't usually call colors by their name: for example I don't say salmon, I say a pinkish color. Like you, I also hate it when people argue about colors! Haha ;)
Please don't feel bad about it!! Then we will both feel bad about it! Because I feel bad about the post I said before that made you feel bad! Let's just both just stop feeling bad about it! (This is...
You know you're an ISFP when you are the only one in the room that can notice the difference between two very similar shades of a color.
Hey! I have absolutely nothing against what you said. You were just expressing your opinion and I appreciate that! I just wanted to get my point across better because, like I said before, I am not...
Well, I am sure that I will never EVER want to jump across the Grand Canyon. And I'm not one of those people that says anything is possible. I believe that it depends on the person whether or not...
Well of course both are important! ;) (by the way I'm not that great with words so sometimes I don't get my point across) i just believe that it is important to do the right thing, and that you have...
1. Is it worse to fail at something or never attempt it in the first place It is worse to never try because if you don't try you will never know if you can succeed.  5. Should people care more...
Im a Sagittarius so it says I'm fire ;) it mostly matches me.. Just look at my username! Haha ;)
Hey! I am really curious about how enneagram types affect the MBTI types. I am an ISFP and a type 4 enneagram. I would like to know how the 4 mixes together with the ISFP. I also want to know how...
The meaning of life to me:    This is a hard question for me. The meaning of life to me is to find out the things that really matter. I always feel like the meaning of life is to live and experience...
185274 This is my most favorite painting that I have done. I painted it around December 2013.
I got the skunk and it is so far from my personality! It was almost the opposite of me except for a couple things. ;)
Hey! I'm an ISFP and my results were: Primary- Blue Secondary-Lavender  (P.S. I am only slightly more ISFP than INFP)
It says that my primary color is Blue and that my secondary color is lavender. ;)
Well, I am that way. It describes me! I'm an ISFP and  I love painting and drawing, but I'm not that great at writing. I'm average at writing, just not great at it.
I noticed that a lot of people post their favorite things to help people type them. I realized that i didn't put much info in my description so i will list some of my favorite things and why. (Again...
I do think that efficiency is a good thing. It prevents unnecessary work and stress. And i really hate unnecessary work and stress. I do think, however, that there are some people that are too...
I forgot to answer the other part of your question, sorry! I honestly don't know if i am more dreamy or more in touch with my senses. What i do know is that people say that i am good at almost any...
I usually get ideas from how I'm feeling and then i imagine a scene and paint it. Once in a while i will see something nice and say Ooh, i gotta paint that. It's so pretty,” but i usually don't get...
Hi, as the title says, i am questioning my MBTI type again. Many people say that i am an isfp, but they probably automatically say that because i draw, paint, and play music. Right now i am stuck...
thanks! will do when i get the chance :)
Hey :) i heard about handwriting analysis/ graphology and i was wondering if anyone could look at my handwriting!  Ps: i dont know if this thread is in the right category
When i get angry, i usually feel like the world hates me, so i go somewhere where i can be alone. To get rid of my anger, i usually draw a picture having to do with that emotion, or if i get the...'"


2652: Unsure what type I am at the moment. Was ISFP last time when I took the myersbriggs tests in around 2014  HumanMetrics - online relationships, personality and entrepreneur tests, personal solution...
nooo thanks to you and to everyone else on here who commented, has been eye opening.
thankyou. I do have a group of friends now that I think is better for me to hang out with, and they do talk to me when I'm down. and the funny thing is, I'm sort of prepared and accepted that we may...
it's possible. But they weren't actually sure he had cancer. I don't know what her story is but I've come to realise that it would be vastly different from the one I see.
yeah move on is what I did. The manipulation thing did pop into my head but thought it was me being paranoid. Basically about a year ago this guy who was in my class turned really psycho to me and...
that the thing. I thought I was there for her. I was always asking about him, if he was ok. Maybe I needed to give her space or I don't know, maybe I shouldn't have asked about a touchy subject.
Yeah I take it she's moved on and so have I, although it still hurts to think about it. I have a close group of friends now, which I think is healthier than just one person.
I'm not sure. It's still a mystery to this day.  Perhaps I am just a terrible friend and bad at communicating. I don't know.
I agree with you. I really messed up.
thankyou so much! I got some counselling,although I do still have frequent depressed episodes. Thankyou so much for caring!
Thankyou. Yeah I guess I just have to move on. I really want closure at least to know why she did it, but can't have a conversation with her if she doesn't respond.
Other people suggested that, but I don't think she had feelings for me. And as for her dad, Idk what happened there. She told me he was going to hospital to get scans a bit before she started talking...
I agree with you about the emotional blackmail part. But that was the only txt I ever sent her like that.  I just wanted her to response in that moment. I know I shouldn't have done it, made things...
No, no idea sorry.
We'd been friends for over a year. And we became close friends fast, talked every day, try help each other through difficult times. A fairly balanced friendship I thought. She was a lesbian, and...
You're very welcome <3
Social Justice is for people who want to feel special
as someone who isn't a marvel fan, I enjoyed it to my surprise.
I'd say, touch. I'm very touchy when I like someone, i.e. playfully slapping them, or just patting their knee or something. Obviously don't do this to someone you don't know very well.
I'm really enjoying Orphan Black at the moment. I rarely watch tv series or tv in general, but I found it exciting and it kept my interest, and I really appreciate how the actress is having to play...
Ask him out on a one on one date for some coffee or something similar maybe?
I think you should just say to him, when you're there with him, that you need to talk about the relationship. Or if in person is not comfortable for you, then write it down in a message to him. If he...
He doesn't sound like a terribly good boyfriend/partner Either sit down and try to have a talk with him as best as you can about the relationship, as all you guys could need is just to break down...
maybe take some time out once in a while to chill and watch a movie, listen to music etc?
As a messy person, for me, organization is key. A clean, clear surroundings help me to work better as well.
Take it as a compliment. I would. The things you like don't actually belong to you, and you should be happy that someone else you know is appreciating those things. Heck, I know I'd be happy if...
If I was you I'd drag him to help. But sometimes, sadly, you can try and help a person as much as you want, but in the end they should be the ones to actually want to change. Doesn't he care that...
I get exactly that as well!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKFfSl-EBfI tutorials are very helpful remember art is a skill. It just takes lots of practice :)
Idk, it's like this thing, it's real. I can feel it, and I know it exists. I actually feel like it's a very personal thing to me, and sometimes it's hard for me to talk about it, because I feel so...
I can be lazy, but mostly I make myself do things or I'd go crazy from not doing anything.  I get depressed if I'm being lazy
It's tiring for me because it's too slow for me to have a good conversation. I much prefer either talking in person, or typing on a computer, much faster.
greeennnnn
yes cox and crendor!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PUCzDgaUjs da fuck is wrong with this bitch???
Flynn Rider too.  And as much as I'm not even into superhero stuff, I watched the first two episodes of Supergirl and I feel really attached to Winn at the moment.
Hello! Gimme a watch and I'll watch ya back  Forest-Paix (Bethany K.G.) - DeviantArt I'm an ISFP
Only concert I went to was OneRepublic when I was just 17. I loved it so much, once they were onstage, playing the music, you realised how awful and mediocre the opening act was. I loved too how they...
you  are so  lucky!
Yeah I usually hurt myself or hit other people. It's more connected with depression and anxiety attacks rather than anger.
I'm a girl and I'm scared of girls too lol due to the fact most girls seem to be snobs  I'm sorry I can't help. I get on much better with boys.
My online personality is pretty much the same as my at home one or when I'm with very close friends, I'm more peaceful, quieter, and I think alot and talk less. Normally I'm abit louder and more...
I have an awful temper. It takes a lot to make me that angry, and yes, it's usually when I've been wronged by a loved one. If I see someone who is acting like a selfish idiot that annoys me too.
k. You're getting too hung up on the details kiddo. Since when do you own a song, a tv show, or a sport? :/ Why are you horrified that your friend is loving one of your favourite anime? You should be...
I'm an artist, because, I like to create. I like to make. I want to make people feel the things I do when I create and make these things.
Often, I've tried to forgive and forget, and set my anger and pain aside. It would always resurface. It still resurfaces to some extent today. I've been doing my best however, to just learn from the...
yes it was my first Ngaio Marsh, it made quite an impression on me :P quite enjoyable
wow all of them? hard out xD See, I remember the first Ngaio Marsh book I read, it was the one where Mrs Alleyn goes on a little river boat cruise, but I can't remember the outcome. You must have an...
Don't worry too much about finding a girlfriend at the moment, you're still young. Love has a habit of surprising you when you're least expecting it, rather than if you chase it. Obviously you gotta...
Maybe break your routine up and do random, spontaneous stuff. Maybe take up a new hobby? Go exploring somewhere near where you live that you've never been before?"


2667: 'I always cry when I laugh alot. I can't remember the last time I've cried from being sad though..
If I am mad at someone I am comfortable with I will blow up at them. If it's someone I don't know so well I will probably say nothing and end up secretly hating them. I really need to get over that....
My close friends are; ESFP, ISTJ, INFJ, ENTJ other friends; ESTJ, INTJ, 2 ISFJs, ESFJ
I don't think there's much of a link. ESFPs are given the 'stupid' label, but I have an ESFP friend who is extremely smart. My ESTJ friend is a genius. I know 2 NTs and they are smart but not that...
I don't think it would be hard to be a T female really. I am an F myself but the T girls I know are sort of independent and less easily hurt
I always just tell people I'll do it later. But by now everyone who knows me knows later= never.
Yea, I love Murray :D I didn't even know he did stand up. I must see this lol
I love Nathan from Misfits xD   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULKv-HwMd3s  ANDDDD Ja'mie from Summer Heights High   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y11mMp2CSiI&feature=related
I think that depends what the job is. Ps aren't lazy if the job is something they enjoy..
I get this too xD
sneaky arsehole lol
Wow, you really hate them ;D
But the problem with ESTJs that you don't get with ISTJs, at least with the one IK is that she's obsessed with how others see her and her ''reputation'' and it can be annoying. >.>
xD Some ISTJs are annoying too. My brother is one and he's an arse. But my cousin is too and she's nice so idk.
I just realized 7 of my friends are judgers and one is a perciever. O.o
She has some good points too I guess. Spontaneity just isn't one of them. xD
I have an ESTJ friend who's obsessed with planning. She needs to know exactly what's going to happen before she does anything. I'm going away on holidays this summer with her and some other friends...
ESTJ? HELL NO lol
I didn't attack you but can you drop it. I swear to God, I don't want to still be responding to this in like a weeks time.
You sound like my INTJ friend
Thanks Fizz, and yea arguing is getting old..
I honestly didn't see any point. I copy pasted from another forum as I said. I ASSUMED that is what it meant. On the other forum no one questioned it. I just honestly didn't even think about changing...
My problems and insecurities? Yea that's relevent to anything. I'm just saying I wouldn't consider posting a big rant to be a 'contribution'.
Well next year I'll be finished school and some of the college courses I've been considering are:  Psychology Architecture Animation Some sort of design course Social Work Interier Design...
She is probably INFJ then. I've known her for 6 years and she's still one of the most aloof people I know.
Most decisive: ENTJ  Most non-sequitural: ENFP  Most adaptable: ESfp  Most private: INFJ  Least people dependent: INTJ  :P
One of my friends tested as INFJ, which shocked me cos I always got an 's vibe' from her. We always have very sensorish conversations, but maybe this is because nearly all of our friends are sensors?...
I forgot one Most uptight: ENFP ..or maybe it's just you.  Anyway get over it. No one cares.
Based on my experiences with my own friends:  Most: ISTJ,ENTJ, ESFP, INTJ, ESTJ Least: INFJ, ISFJ(can't keep a secret to save their lives)  Obviously everyone will have different experiences...
I assumed they meant ditziest, but I didn't write this. I copy pasted from another site. :P
I robbed this from another forum. xD You know what to do x]  Most Likely to succeed: ENTJ Most Likely to become rich: EXTJ Most Likely to cry for no reason: INFX Most Likely to say I told you...
Ya gotta love stevie though lol
WTF is with everyone thinking ISFP= emo music. D;  liesssss
Didn't really get an Feeler vibe from him. I agree though that he's probably ENTP.
Yea xD I don't get it tbh. It's mostly people looking for drama who are bitchin' I think xD
http://www.2kgs.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/haters_gonna_hate3.jpg
Apparantly Hal from Malcolm in the Middle is ISFP. Lol, I love that guy.
Sorry double posted thread by accident :P
This was one of my favourite shows, haven't seen it in a while though. :P  Malcolm: INTP Hal: XSFP Lois: ESTJ Reese: ISTP Dewey: IXFP Francis: ENFP
Do you have her after finals or are you finished then? If you won't have her anymore wait till after finals and report her. If she's going to be that much of a bitch she can take whatever comes with...
I wasn't aware we were disliked. But tbh I don't really care if certain people don't like us. It's not my job to please everyone and I would say most types have more people dislike them then ISFPs....
I love this movie xP  IMO:  Matilda: INFJ  Ms Honey: INFJ too? maybe INFP Ms Trunchball: ENTJ Mr Wormwood: ENTJ Ms Wormwood: ESTP Her brother: ISTP
Gyffindor x]]
I identify with these traits in 7s:  Sevens at their BEST are:     Enthusiastic  Energetic  Lively  Fun-loving
I can honestly see alot of myself in all of them. It's weird. I am I, but only slightly..
I suppose someone who is genuine and who I can have fun and be myself with. :) I prefer Es too. Probably ESXPs or ENFXs.  For appearance not overly picky. I guess preferably someone who has dark...
I'm an ISFP, new to enneagram, and everytime I try to type myself for enneagram I get a different answer. I've gotton 2w3(closely followed by 2w1), 9w8 and 7wsomething. I can relate to lots of...
Hufflepuff :D
I'm not a big reader really :P  1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen  2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien 3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte 4 Harry Potter series - JK Rowling 5 To Kill a...
Going though a bit of a Maroon 5 phase xD  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6g6g2mvItp4  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIjVuRTm-dc  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkQ0OJ5Byls&feature=relmfu...'"


2730: 'Would you lie to someone to spare their feelings?
Daily   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I still get carded everywhere I go... I'm 30 yo [emoji58]   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Drive   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Bubble gum... (I have no clue as to why)   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
2001: a space Odyssey (although Keislowski comes in close second to Kubrick.)   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Lasts   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Fiery
Water
Thigh
Reign
Sour
So is it a yes or a no in the matter of video games?
Mangos
Stern
Caper yo racer
Thanks for the tip.  And now to go make some money!  Don't worry, you'll get royalties.   The good Earth x97 we could have saved it, but we were too damn cheap and lazy
Are you this guy? [emoji15]  https://www.google.ca/amp/www.avclub.com/amp/253957     The good Earth x97 we could have saved it, but we were too damn cheap and lazy
Nothing beats Szechuan sauce!   The good Earth x97 we could have saved it, but we were too damn cheap and lazy
Those people are weird -_-   The good Earth x97 we could have saved it, but we were too damn cheap and lazy
Cases to Cease   We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap.
Bases   We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap.
Boats   We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap.
No such thing as trigger warning on the internet.   Although I wouldn't want you to go to your safe place on my account.   We'll figure something out.   We could have saved the Earth but we...
What did 10% of the population ever do to you?   We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap.
Let's say you met someone new and started to have some interest in them. What is the biggest deal breaker?   We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap.
Hahaha Horses have feelings too you know.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Let's say you met someone new and started to have some interest in them. What is the biggest deal breaker?   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Absolutely right.
http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20161107/9b1e94fb01cca158e73b49e6138744c4.jpg
LookS and sounds like early 90s pop. I'm going to say 2010 though (just to make things interesting)
Hey talon235. Thanks for the tip.  Now for take two.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkA3sLyEWdU
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=DNIOpQgeFQw
http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20161102/0400e6954322512bf261c75aeb5fa2c8.png  Female ISFP
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=EFsCOC3mB_Y
Witch. Roast. Witches used to be burned alive.  You're pretty sarcastic from what I've read. One would expect you to catch on.
It's an expression to announce an inappropriate statement.
What is this, (pardon my french) a witch roast?
Assylum has to be my favourite. A lot of homages to some great cinema. The story unravels slowly with mind blowing plot twists and an eerie sense of what actually went down with multiple experiments...
That's awesome. Get back to drawing that Missy :tongue:
http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20161029/834ff2acc28ae2fe15afed17b0cc8076.jpg  http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20161029/e3a1ff1fcb4678ccdb44dfbd1a14383f.png ...
Too weird to live, too rare to die  Fear and loathing in Las Vegas.   - This is it, Joel. It's going to be gone soon. - I know. - What do we do? - Enjoy it.  Eternal sunshine of the...
Just finished binge watching all 3 seasons. I'm in love with the fresh approach to script writing and the dark twists that this show provides its audience. It is very socially and politically charged...
Well it's time for an adventure to new places, said the ISTP. He started munging because munging sounded deep but tastier than cardboard
It all makes sense now :smileys-sunbathing-
You know you're an ISFP when..... ooouuuuhhhhh a butterfly :lovekitty:
Very nice artwork guys.
Hello Stacham :)  Thanks for the info. Really opened my eyes on INFJs. As you mentioned about ISFJs, as an ISFP, I tend to be very loyal to people I love. Maybe it's an ISFx thing. I'm also a type...
Hello redeemofself :) I do believe the middle ground notion gives me more flexibility and the ability not to feel trapped. But I'll keep that in mind next time I'm dealing with sensitive issues....
Hi booklover :) . I'm not sure I can say this because I'm fairly new myself and am enjoying this site too, but here it goes, Welcome :)'"


2736: 'When you habitually follow peoples conversations, and then they look at you and you remember you are not invisible.  Or when you habitually join those conversations and forget that you were...
When you read the writings of Ralph Waldo Emerson and you think Exactly! Except I never knew how to put it into words! and then everyone else around you reads it and then is totally confused. Then...
I will get so excited for something, and then if it doesn't happen in a day or so then I will completely lose my motivation.   Haha yeah I guess... sometimes I get really frustrated though because...
Thank you so much! I did find it! It was pretty miraculous! It was an iPhone, and they have those apps now where you can track your iPhone and play a sound on it. I clicked to play a sound, but my...
Pray for my phone. I lost it at school today. :confused: Thanks!
I wish my school had Russian!
I couldn't find anything for this online when I looked for it, so I decded to make one. I couldn't even find much for Verne's personality himself.  Here are my guesses based on the books I have...
John Proctor from the Crucible
That's kinda how I feel when the Olympics are over (though I only get to watch parts of them), or I never know what to do when school gets out.   I was sad when Phineas and Ferb ended, but I never...
Oh my. That sounds like a big responsibility.
I'm not going to preach here since MelodyGirl said that's not what this thread is about, but I will be praying. If you would like me to PM you though I would be happy to talk to you about it. :happy:
When you are casually observing the environment around you when you notice two people talking. You follow their conversation mostly because it is just a natural thing to do until they look at you...
I have noticed that ISFPs cn differ greatly, as I have one super unconfident (almost shy) ISFP friend, and another who won Homecoming King last year and was super competitive in PE. Most of the time...
So I'm 95% sure I am an ISFP (with a few INFP characteristics), and it seems to be almost unanimous on the PerC forums that Harry Potter is an ISFP. Most characters that are ISFPs I have found myself...
Philieas Fogg: ISTJ possibly Passepartout: ISFX (He likes order, but doesn't seem to follow it as well as Mr. Fogg) Fix: XXXJ not really sure yet.  I'm only about half-way done with the book, so...
On the outside you're laidback... Can't say the same thing about that Fi though.
I agree with you on the suite life of Zack and Cody, haven't seen the others though.
Haven't seen too much Roadrunner, but to me he seems like more of a showoff than ISFPs typically are. If I were Roadrunner, I would just avoid the coyote all together.
What makes you say Joy is a P?
I don't see how Sadness could have read the mind manual and remembered all of it if she was an ISFP. :laughing:
Can't say I related to Sadness or Fear (probably sadness more than fear however), not saying they aren't ISFP though. Fear seemed a little too confident (if that makes sense) in what he did to be an...
Hello! For the sake of this being a quick art question I have put all the background information that really isn't necessary inside the quote box.  If I am going to do a chalk pastel sky and...
My all time favorite book is Icefall by Matthew J. Kirby. It is about a viking princess who is neither the prettiest nor the heir, so she struggles to find her identity (that along with how I...
Most of my art I don't have on my computer, and am too lazy to put it on my computer, but this artwork I actually made on the computer and so I am posting it.335626 I made it with a programming...
My dad (INTP) sent this to me (ISFP) a few weeks ago over Skype, this was our conversation:  ISFP: The ISFP one would be more like Everyone you care about decides you're just like everyone else,...
I got one of the two best in show awards for my high school art show! :happy:
Woooo it's easter! :)
At a concert last year I got a shirt quoting lyrics from this song that I really like (Nothing Ever by Citizen Way). I wore that shirt today and then on the way home the song played on the radio,...
I would love to! Thank you so much, that helped, and I'm sure your prayers will help even more. Last night I listened to a speaker who said: Emotions are emotions, they are not good or bad, just...
Wow I love all the nature shots!
Play practice.
When you sense something beautiful it is is you are frozen in place for a second.
Better than I can do on Photoshop, I got it for Christmas and I am still incredibly awkward and horribly lost when using it...
Recently I have had a guilt-type feeling occasionally, that I don't think has very much basis. Anyway the guilt type feeling isn't great for my relationship with God. Thanks!
Yeah, my basis was mostly Sonic X in which he has some weird personality switches, and as far as I am told, doesn't reflect his true personality.
When your Fi occasionally tries to convince you that you are not showing enough emotion or that you only care about your feelings and not other people's (which is totally untrue).
School play tryouts. (I was nervous at first, but after it was over I smiled)
(P+L)(A+N) PA+PN+LA+LN   I just foiled your plan
Reading The Lost Generation by Jonathan Reed.  I am part of a lost generation. And I refuse to believe that I can change the world. I realize this may be a shock, but Happiness comes from...
She is almost certainly an SF because of her love of animals and soft things, but not that I think about it, I think she is an ESFJ. You see her feelings much more than you would if she had...
DNAmy from Kim possible? or is she an ESFP? Or ESFJ...
I'm fairly good with art, and I like to think I can sing. I am okay at playing musical instruments, but music theory and coming up with original tunes is where I become useless. As for English...
When I was like 12, I didn't like wearing deodorant because it meant that I was getting older and I wanted to stay a kid. :sad:
I'm the same way, for the most part I can ignore criticism given to me by people I don't respect, though in my mind everyone starts out with some respect... and some people loose it quickly.
I've never seen any of the Harry Potter movies (besides the first one) and I've never read the books. However, when you say that healthy Fi-Se would have stopped the other marauders. I think that...
Maybe the Ladybug lost its spots and couldn't find them again.  :sad:
I love a lot of the concepts of the subjects of school, but the actual classes don't excite me much. These have some exceptions though. Last year I took a sociology class, just because I needed...
It's Christmas! :happy:
When you see a ladybug without any spots, and you feel bad for it, so you go and get a marker and add dots to it.
When you have your own world inside your head.'"


2753: 'Friends. A social life. More Olivia O'Brien songs. Better physique. Long hair. The chance to redo middle school and high school knowing what I know now.
I'm an ISFP and my favorite colors are light pink, lavender, turquoise, and silver
I don't know how this stereotype came to exist, but it's worse than the loser one, in my opinion.  I think it comes from the cliche of having two groups in a classroom: the talkers and the...
wtf no
Dramatic, I guess? I will sometimes pretend to be mad or overreact when someone disagrees with me, messes something up, etc. because I find it funny and I'm trying to create a scene. Some people...
Mine are mostly stuff from real life awkwardly mixed with stuff from video games and movies. The people involved are either people I have been thinking about recently or movie characters. I also have...
No, I literally want the opposite. I wish that people would stop buying into others' BS and see genuine, sincere people for what they are.
K: Enfp m&b: Estp  isfp, infp, intj
Well it seems like people want to be around me less when I start opening up to them, so I guess that answers that. With the exception of one ISTP. We get each other.
I'm not sure about ALL introverts. I've met a lot of popular ISFJs in particular. INFJs usually have a lot of friends but are not very cool or whatever. I was a loser in high school, and my social...
I am the exact same way; I've never had many friends. My two closest friends (I had a total of like 4) growing up were guys, but neither one of them was very traditionally masculine (one was gay,...
To your first question: well actually yes, but I remember being sort of awkward around guys for most of my life, so I'm not sure if it's related at all.  To your second question: It seems like a...
The ISFP one is spot-on. One of my biggest goals in life is to have an indoor pool, hot tub, or just a really big bath tub.  At first, the ESTP one confused me. Then I thought back to the ESTPs I...
Did it? Did it really? Or is it possible that BenjiMac doesn't live on this site, and spends time on things other than internet arguments?  Also, debating is a waste of your time but throwing petty...
I'm not sure if this is an ISFP thing, an introvert thing, a Fi thing, or what, but I want to see if it happens to anyone else or if I am just a weirdo.  I don't like being around the opposite sex...
Am always instantly drawn to them for some reason, then we slowly drift apart as we realize we irritate each other.
Given your posts on this thread, you are not in the best position to be calling anyone pompous.
Go ahead and tell me if you think I am mistyped. I have typed myself as INFP, ENFP, ISFJ, and INTP in the past, so finding out I'm wrong again won't bother me. ISFP does feel like a good fit, but I...
oh cool thx
I see comments like that on any sort of political video or anything that is related to some sort of controversy/disagreement. Feminism is always brought into it, and they usually say something about...
Honestly, I haven't studied enneatypes a lot. I think I am a 6, but I could just as easily be a 4. If anyone is familiar enough with my posts to try and type me, go ahead.
I think everyone is born with a unique set of values that can be either good or evil depending on the circumstances. This could be logical consistency, harmony, freedom, justice, tradition, etc. ...
Maybe Why not kill them? could be inserted into that point as well. Because lives matter more than feelings, and a person's feelings is pretty much the only valid argument for the death penalty....
I've been playing Runescape while I'm waiting for WWE 2k18 and COD: WW2 to come out.
I hate it for these reasons: -Prisoners, even ones who are violent criminals, are pretty much helpless. They're already locked up, so why kill them? -It is f***ing barbaric. -There is the risk of...
pls stahp doing this i am deply offindid Aaaand I'll come back to this later.
Hatred is the wrong target. What is happening here is dehumanization. When you convince a group of people that another group of people is somehow responsible for their suffering, they will begin to...
Yes, probably.
It's the first image that comes up when you google it. That sort of we are objectively better than everyone else attitude (mainly coming from ENTPs and INTJs) is one of the main reasons I switched...
1. INTP. About half of the friends I had as a kid were INTPs, and I related to them especially well because I shared their level of awkwardness, as well as a lot of their interests (video games,...
ENTP because if you go in literally any MBTI group on social media, the ENTPs are running it in a pretty narcissistic manner. Has anyone else seen that horrible MBTI tiers chart?  INFJ and ENFJ...
People start to get a bad vibe about me, either because I swear too much or I joke about sensitive topics or I expressed an opinion that they disagreed with. I spend so much time tailoring and...
Ni
There are a few problems with your philosophy. Firstly, crime (which I'm assuming is what you mean by evil) can never be eliminated. Criminologists have been trying to find a way to do that since...
Hate is often stronger than love.  For example Things I love: animals, tea, my favorite band, my boyfriend, gaming, etc. Things I hate: gender inequality, retribution, child abuse, animal abuse,...
I guess hanging would be more cost-effective, but it is also less humane. If something goes wrong, the person being executed strangles to death (in case you don't know, the intention is to snap the...
My result: You scored 54.167 out of 100 masculine points, 49.167 out of 100 feminine points, and 47.5 out of 100 androgynous (neutral) points.  I'm an ISFP and a biological female. Also this...
Sounds very ENxJ-ish to me.
You're talking about this issue like it's simple when it is actually extremely complicated. First of all, the death penalty does not deter crime. Public execution would only serve to brainwash good...
Sour food. Sour candy. Sour fruit. Sour drinks. Especially green apple flavor. And that feeling when you imagine eating something really sour. Omg.
Holy shit, the slippery slopers were right. Honestly, I thought the left was better than this.
Legal consequences, sure, but only for the safety of society. I view prison as a means of incapacitation and rehabilitation, and nothing else. I believe in the philosophy that two wrongs don't make...
Mom: ISTJ Dad: INTJ Me: ISFP  I get along slightly better with my dad (we argue about politics and religion all the time for fun) but I am not especially close with either one of them. My mom and...
Oversized tank or tee, sports bra, and baggy shorts or pajama pants. Every day.
I'll try typing Marshal, my favorite hamster (I have 2 but the other one is mean and territorial).  I vs. E - Definitely E. He lets anyone handle him, will jump into hands, and is always awake and...
I've never really liked them, and I was always removing my dogs' collars as a kid. I can't imagine having a thing around my neck all the time. Like, if you need to take them on a walk, why not use a...
The only trend I've noticed is that INTJs tend to be sort of extreme on one side or the other. People say that INTJs are almost always conservative, but I've met plenty of ultra-liberal, SJW ones as...
I disagree. If someone doesn't care, they're going to choose randomly or by which candidate is the most attractive, instead of making an informed decision.
1. I have heard that ISFPs are supposed to be charismatic. I am anything but this. 2. I love public speaking, group discussions, performing, and being the center of attention. 3. I'm a weirdo....
Yayyyy another Runescape player, and another Saradomin supporter at that :angel: The difference here is that communists support the perceived underdog even when they are the ones with the most...'"


2762: 'You're boring.
I just remembered that the other day as I was walking to the shops with some friends and I stopped mid-conversation and was like OH MY GOD THOSE PLANTS ARE SO GREEN!. Was subsequently asked if I...
I came out of school once and my Mum accused me of taking drugs. So my knee-jerk response was to laugh hysterically...which didn't much help my case for convincing her I wasn't drugged up to the...
That's my theory and yes I do! Haha.
I think we were secretly separated at birth.
I'm exactly the same and I'm also a 7w6. I used to be horribly shy to the point where I wouldn't buy things in a shop or answer my phone because it would mean interacting with people. I'd always get...
It'll be fine.  It's Sunday. Seven projects due in on Monday. Your turn to do the dishes. Your friends want to come over. You have a film you REALLY want to watch. You're tired. You fall asleep.
I don't really experience strong emotions in my life. I mean don't get me wrong, I am an emotional person, but I somehow tailor my life so that I don't really encounter these strong emotions. I...
I drink quite regularly (but I'm a student, so I'm allowed) although I haven't actually been 'drunk' since before Christmas, although tomorrow night that will probably change...as it's a friend's...
Anything and everything! It really doesn't matter what genre or style a song is, if I like the sound of the song then I'll listen to it. So it's always a difficult question to answer when people ask...
Huskie!! My plan is to not have any children, but instead get a huskie puppy and 2 grey tabby kittens at the same time so they all grow up together and I will have a collection of silvery, blue-eyed...
It's actually a lot less than that when you look at the figures. It's more like 97% heterosexual and then 3% homosexual/bisexual, or even less than 3% in some studies.  I did some Googling, haha.
Loving these guys at the minute.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kC6Rl3HXaA
I'm very selective about what I let people know and then who it is I tell. I'm not a great talker, I prefer to listen and absorb rather than have an input (unless I think of something funny) So...
I have 3 cats and I love them like my children. Or what I imagine I'd love my children like. Although I don't like children. So I'll just get more cats when I'm a grown up.  But yes, I severely...
Haha, no you post whatever you like, I still enjoy all the posts, it just made me laugh :)  Whatever catnip is your catnip should stay your catnip. Catnip.
I do love some of these images...but this thread is starting to resemble a hipster's tumblr feed, haha.
100% is pretty certain. Haha. I read somewhere that no one is really 100% straight or 100% gay, but I may be wrong!  And yeh it is interesting to see the numbers stacked up against each other. A...
Just curious to see what the numbers are like and have any discussion that may arise!
- Sense of humour - Good manners - Genuine interest  3 biggies for me :)
I don't believe in God and I can't ever see myself believing in a religion of any kind. I have my own morals and values and I live by what I know to be right and wrong. It's not ever something that I...
I also found I had an alter-ego when it came to performing. I used to do performing arts (drama) and everyone found it really strange that I could get up on stage and perform in front of hundreds of...
I definitely do this, although it's majority subconscious actions. Depending on who I'm with I'm quite a different person and I tend to pick up little quirks from people quite easily. I see my...
I've been living in my overdraft for the last 3 years, but I am a Uni student, so I guess that isn't uncommon. But any money I do earn I tend to spend like it's going out of fashion. It definitely...
Sorry I didn't text back, my phone was downstairs/upstairs/outside/dead/no signal/in space/on fire etc.
Literally just had this encounter with my Dad. He's mad at me now, haha.
Ok, I'm just leaving now.  I'm currently in my underwear.
I'm pretty quiet on a daily basis and do get quite a few speak up comments. My family accuse me of mumbling but I usually blame their ears, haha. It's a running joke that I have to order everything...
My closest friends at Uni are:  ESFP ISFP ISFP ISFP INFP INFP INFJ INFJ
Thought I'd add my two pence..  1) I never saw myself as an artist and even dropped 'Art' as a subject at secondary school in Year 9. My friends still think it's weird that I've gone down this...
I'm a 7w6 which is apparently rare for ISFP's (we even have a thread about it, hah) It was pretty accurate alongside the MBTI.
Do you get along well with your Mum? My Mum being an ESFP and myself as an ISFP, I'm definitely the most similar to her out of my brothers. She's commented on this long before we did the test and...
I've been getting my friends and family to do the test over the last week or so, because I find it so interesting and I'm loving reading up on everyones type and seeing how generally accurate it is,...
I'm not a huge fan of Lana Del Rey, but I especially like this song, which I've been playing quite a lot recently.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjF_45mxU2Q
I know with my ENTJ housemate I go through periods of love and hate with him. Sometimes we get on like a house on fire and it can be quite annoying for our other housemates because we can be loud and...
I have a very broad taste in comedy and I like most stand-up stuff. That's not to say I'm easily amused, I think I'm just the type who can usually see comedy and the funny side in everything. I'm...
I'm currently in my last year at Uni doing Illustration, I never really knew what I wanted to do and very nearly did Drama or Graphic Design at Uni instead, but very glad I chose Illustration! Once...
When you read through all the other types and realise that you're the best type you can be!!
The people in my class definitely have low-expectations of me, which is always funny when I do better than them in assessments (which is regularly - and yet they're still surprised!!) I think it's...
I'm exactly the same, I feel that when there are lots of I's I tend to be the centre of attention without really meaning to or realising, then when there are E's present I sink back into being an I...
Also a member of this tribe!! I test a borderline I/E as well!
They usually don't stick around long enough to get any decent pictures or film of them, I'm usually too caught up in watching them anyway, I think they're fascinating little things :) You poor thing,...
I'm not really *that* awkward, unless I'm trying to explain myself or my ideas, in which case I'll fumble over words, lose track of my thoughts and interrupt the flow of what I was trying to say....
I believe I'm artistic and creative, like others have said, you rarely find you can be artistic without being creative, or at least if you are the work tends to be a bit 2-dimensional.  I'm...
1. I tend to use humour as a pacifying device and to be honest, I don't really experience conflict in my life. I'm good at reading people and when I can see that there is anger brewing I tend to...
Haha, yeh people often talk about my obsessive nature when it comes to my cats. If I go home after being at Uni for 2 months then I'm always more excited about seeing them than I am my family! Oops....
I'm exactly the same. I love my cats to the point where people call me a 'crazy cat lady', disregarding I am a man. My Grandma loved cats and foxes and I see a lot of her in myself. I love big cats...
There's this site called 'lookbook' which is community based around fashion. Some of the stuff on there is quite wacky, but generally it's pretty fashionable stuff. Even if it's not your style you...
Yeh you're right, I was merely using it as an example because it sounds like a similar situation to what I'm in and that depression seems to be the root cause. Everyone is different, which is what...
Depression doesn't really work like that, well at least not for me. To all intents and purposes I'm a very happy person, in fact people comment on how I am *never* unhappy or angry or upset etc. But...'"


2763: 'Here I am now a beggar, just for a virtual Contest ! I made you smile ? xp  ISFP Hello, I am a French ISFP too! I need the solidarity of ISFP to earn virtual concour. Just simply get on my page,...
I'm ISFP in question. I am touched there is a topic created for me,otherwise I wanted to tell you that everything is finished in good. There was more fear than actually hurt!    I speak little...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;list=LL3TMAGhNl-8UCwUSTEntLDw&amp;v=450p7goxZqg  <3
Hot    http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=D4bXHMZIpFg
OMG xp , you have written a lot, I'd like better spoken English to answer you, but unfortunately this isn't the case, and tonight, you ask me too much effort, and anyway I would bring not much, I...
Hi, I apologize in advance for any syntactical errors, I use a translator.   I'm 19 years old, and I know me if I dismiss someone whom I love and I know he loves me, this is simply because I miss...
I can't say, I can love any kind of person. But whom he loves me and shows me his love by small gesture to in quotidien is important to me.   I have need to feel me loved.  Kisss my love futur <3
Hi, as I said in a thread before , I use a translator, so I am limited for to answer , at least not comfortable.  Your story touches me, and I 'm sorry this happens to you , this girl doesn't know...
I love this music <3    http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=z942dtFNDYg
Hi, I apologize in advance for any syntactical errors , I use a translator.  I find it hard to speak in English , so that I can't post on the forum, but your topic leads me to intervene express...
I love this music <3   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5KAc5CoCuk
I prefer a beautiful eyes.
Sad story !   http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=VurhzANQ_B0
A small photo montage I made on youtube, The love between a man and a woman. Well, it's not great art : )   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrzdfxXmZQs
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQEy6FDpR0I   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MziQRqwfBjs
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NG3GtWmKPfE
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7ryxk41HtI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McClAvitHk4   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_BgLemmQio
So my biggest fears:   - Become blind - Being locked in a small space, I'm claustrophobic. - Die (even if I die of Old Age) - Fear of spider, I'm arachnophobe limit. - Fear of people, I suffer...
Sensitive soul refrain ! :p   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwrbyVaC6EU
8621986220 Me :) I would like to participate in the forum advantage, but I speak little English. (I use a translator)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=Uw1KgdzBWS8
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=7sj684zcmzw   http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=yBrktBLyhcw
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyRDeEWhW6M
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmUn7rvx97I   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGjooVbpJAs
Just beautiful    http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=AyUp1rnv7rY
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGH-4jQZRcc
My laziness will kill me, besides, I don't write the advantage because I suck in English. Guess why ! :o
I can love all type, but my preferences are for IxFP, ENFP and ExTP.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ht8W2WfYJL0   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wq8BqYus40A
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=gu-UWDMHrII
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfwOzrRlmvU
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=WBRAsphVwiU
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=mh1JHEiWvU8
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAvPWVRpznM   http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=x4sKKbNHkho
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=1ot2yVrY_Fg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=GuXIg-mLaDA   http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=FKsH5xj2BIM
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWjLupj2Ccg
I love romantic song !   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bt_dX7k1qmw
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKq5R6BKapE
In France, we sometimes sing this song to wish a happy birthday. It's a little more original and touching.  Bon anniversaire Nos voeux les plus sincères Que ces quelques fleurs Vous apportent le...
I love this song <3   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfTGTPThGnw
He have may simply need to recharge. Extroverts gain energy in contact with others, the reverse for introverts.
You have a natural side and cute, and lots of charm : )
I love your picture, I'm fan !
Good and I stopped for a moment to post music links ^^   http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=brJozYDT0Ts
Jena Lee - J'aimerais tellement te dire.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6Rc8idptUM   Raphael - Caravane   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbnODkduVZM
Yep, I can finally post links ! ^ ^ As I am French, I will give you the opportunity to discover French artists. I hope you engoy :)  BB Brunes - Stéréo  ...
Watch this video, you smile ! I love cats forever <3  h t t p : / / w w w . d a i l y m o t i o n . c o m / v i d e o / x 3 x j 8 s _ l e s -chats-les-plus-droles_fun#.UR9_eR30JOg  ps : I was...
You know you're ISFP, when you look at beautiful images on the internet just for pleasure of your eyes, with no other intention.'"


2831: 'I like to draw (appreciate art in general), listening to music, making music (I used to, don't anymore) and taking photos :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mP2srT6hh2Y
I think as sensing people we are guilty of both, if that makes sense. We could really put someone through the ringer emotionally and mentally if we are hurt because we know how, we know their...
In our youth? I'm still crazy :| hahaha, I know what you mean. We weren't as inhibited to strange behavior.
Dafuq did I just read.
Go read up more on ISFP's, then come back. Your observations are so generalized it's actually quite funny. The only thing that sounds ISFP is 1 and maybe 4 (if she doesn't care much about the issue...
club music    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iN5s3SVzwKE&feature=fvst
Want to make sweet, passionate love to you ALL. (btw, I'm an all-nighter ;D)   also roses, chocolates, teddy bears, and all that other romantic shit <3
A little bit of everything. I don't think its an ISFP thing to discuss what types of music we like. Rather, we like it for what it is (I think lots of us tend to have a broad taste) and would rather...
*double post* >.>   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Q0m-48Sjok&ob=av2e
@Luts  Adagio for strings is the shit!! And thats a really good rendition of it! :)  fourtines Thanks for posting, I really like it. Also love that sonic youth cover!  @Fiamma  *cries* thank you...
omg that sounds amazing :D *eargasm* Have you heard the .hack//sign soundtrack? I think you'd like it :) (the show is really good too)    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9LCRQrdMyA  ...
^ I was listening to all those songs for about an hour. Thanks :D    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQtXxgAAXEk   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppX797fIW6Y
http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lyzqu6HKwo1qfkp3oo1_500.jpg  http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lxhc4yce1n1r3q99no1_500.jpg  http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lywehw7huF1qgxdnco1_500.jpg ...
It's ok to be a time traveler lol    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ultfep9Q2Y8
I care! I listen to everything you guys post :) This song from Madonna is great. If I live a hard life here on out I don't want ANYONE to feel sorry for me. Life is a lesson, not meant to be a walk...
Maybe this is why ISFP's and INFP's are considered siblings?
Go with what you like naturally rather than whats your best match :)
Forever love. Good R&B seems to have died this decade.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_89jPr80Zg    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePMM28uGIjI&feature=related
Laughed SO hard at this. Happens to me alll the time. For some reason my family likes to tell me shit when I'm sleeping and then I don't know if it actually happened or not.   Here's some. But I...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmfAZazJKXI
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0m_03ZHJYA
Put the paper under the table. It's a nice pattern to be seen in all its glory. Making circles and gluing it on the table WOULD be distracting. Under the table is much more simple.   Simple...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_8IXx4tsus&ob=av2e
same here, this initially was the only song I liked on the new album    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qwo92UBXFQY
I adored pink when she came out with this album. :)     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asaCQOZpqUQ&ob=av3e
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T1c7GkzRQQ&feature=share
fourtines I LOVE that song!!     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9dSYgd5Elk&ob=av2e
You should stop assuming we're on something and accept that fact that we're just like that. Don't beat yourself up too hard for not being able to get to know us, though. :3
I'd criticize you, but you've been so good on the ISFP forums that I haven nothing mean to say. Damn you. >:
|At least what we do see is with a realistic approach :)
I WAS JUST THINKING OF THIS EARLIER!! lol!! Epic saxophone guy :D   krumms that song is deep :o    BOYS!! ;)   http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=1uXsWCsCZf4
The song and video is amazing :)     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIW1m3jbEsg&feature=share
How cute <3 What he said. Just hangout with her and see how things go, although it does sound like she has some interest :) ISFP's like to show their affection through actions so if anything pay...
I thought love for symbolism was an INFP thing. Unless I'm wrong? ISFP's tend to like things as they are, and though I'm sure everyone likes some meaning to things (we're always trying to find the...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v--IqqusnNQ
<3   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4d7Wp9kKjA&ob=av2e
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbN0nX61rIs&ob=av2e
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTIAiMeyd7Q
Nothing gets past you, I see ;) And yeah the yellow one is more dorky lol.
Flirting? What the fuck is that??   I'd probably sound like this though when I do decide to say something .__.    http://static.someecards.com/someecards/usercards/1326376923015_6199889.png
:)   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dW6aNAZGTM
Thank you! I absolutely love Portishead. I was going to see them in NY last fall but didn't have a ride :( (or another person who actually listened to them to go along lol)   ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vg1jyL3cr60
I heard Legolas was an INFP? I could be wrong. And angelina isn't an isfp, atleast I don't think. Also I thought beyonce was isfj?
I don't know any istj's irl. Dafuq brah. >:
|Instead of trying to get a particular type, why not just go out and talk to women in general? Don't worry so much about what type she is, whether or not you guys have chemistry is more important. :|...
Do you consider yourself a generally vague person? I definitely have this trait, I don't like people knowing too much about myself and tend to slowly release information. Do you do this? Even people...
he's just horny maybe :o try a music shop?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJzF7H2e3Tw'"


2869: Hate being too sensitive, not being able to take criticism, wanting to be perfect
Sometimes really cuddly and other times I need space.
Not aggressive enough, and more into sad things.
loving the floral patterns
I like drawing, painting, and playing music, but I don't think I'm good enough to consider myself an artist.
Somebody like stargazing grasshopper.
shane dawson
infp (in dreams), infj, enfj, intj, esfj, entp
Which title(s) do you relate to best?  -The Aesthete    Which title(s) donx92t you relate to?  -The Impulsive Hero  Is/are there any title(s) you feel (or have seen that) would describe your...
ATM he's simple, approachable, nerdy, shy and a little quirky.
Find something to keep your hands busy, hopefully something you enjoy, but even doing some household chores can help.
I used to, but once I get to know them I realize they're not the person I thought they were.
My secret hideout: My room, a closet, or a bathroom   Activity:Drawing, staring at the wall, talking to myself, writing down my worries and thoughts, playing/listening to music, dreaming  ...
Maybe ISFP??  Lana Del Rey Bob Dylan Elliott Smith Billie Joe Armstrong Robert Smith
I don't collect animals, but I've always had this fascination with them.  Animals seem to understand my emotions better than people.
That works.  I would also suggest listening to some reflective INFP/ISFP music so you have a better idea what goes on in their minds.
2 Questions: 1. Why am I attracted to you? 2. I know we can never be together romantically so how do I get you out of my head?
Couldn't agree more.
I agree with all the posters who say to start off slow and let her get to know you first.
I'd rather just call somebody when I'm in the right mood to hang out instead of making plans.  Otherwise I'll ruin the date because I'm bad at hiding my emotions, and if I'm not in the mood you'll...
My best friend's an INFP and we both make fun of our Ne/Se differences.
What youtube or other streaming videos are you watching right now?
Nobody Knows Me At All  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBzA76QGgz8  Master Hunter  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpjvoavW_iU  Walls
If they really mean it and they're not the type of person who compliments everyone or the type who goes overboard and compliments me every 5 seconds, then it makes me very happy.  If it comes from an...
I have to agree.  Environment and upbringing can also play a huge part in shaping someone's personality, and I think it's also easy to mistype someone (e.g. INFP's who think they're ISFP's).  Some...
Yeah, sadly I have not outgrown this and I've been avoiding a guy I like right now because he makes me so nervous that I can't speak or function at all.  When he flirts he makes me more nervous, and...
I could go on forever about this topic, but I'll try to keep it short.  Anime looks realistic, but it's not how things actually are.  It's realistic enough to be believable, but it's more an...
It sounds like he's testing your reaction to see if you like him.  Eventually one of you is gonna have to say something.
If I like someone a lot, I avoid them because I'm embarrassed or worried that my intense feelings are showing.  I don't want to overwhelm the other person so I try to give them space, then initiate...
I think everyone else is crazy and that they don't really know it because they're so preoccupied with following the crowd.  I actually like that I'm weird and I embraced my weirdness more when I...
I'm a female ISFP and I often act the way this guy does when I like someone.  I leave hints and I feel like I'm making a fool of myself because to me, they're very obvious hints.  If I don't get the...
Same here.  I'm a clutz, but I love dance music.  I could never dance in front of anyone, though for some reason I don't mind singing in front of strangers.
Empathy, Sincerity, Open-mindedness, Humility
Melancholic
People who don't know me may get that impression of me when they first see me and they'll often change their tone of voice with me and talk to me like a little girl, but people I know well don't...
I know just how you feel.  Even if I try to act normal, people still think I'm weird so I can't really hide it anyway.  It's good to hear you're starting to feel comfortable just being you.
When I meet new people I try to share music we both may like, but nobody ever gets it except for maybe my mom if I replay a certain song over and over and over and the words are simple and clear.
If she's really shy it's possible that she likes you, or that you're moving too fast, or that she sees you as a friend.  I can't say for sure because I'd have to see it to better understand.  I liked...
I'm alone because I push everyone away, and then I get hurt when they respond by avoiding me.  People offer to help, but I don't want to burden them with my problems and I don't think they'd...
For the longest time I've always expected nothing of myself because I let others define me, and those closest to me only expressed disappointment that I couldn't be what they wanted me to be. ...
I like my curious/inquisitive side that gives me a wide scope of interests, but I wish I had more focus so I could be skilled with one or two things instead of mediocre at many things.  I feel good...
People always tell me I'm quiet, even though I feel like I talk too much
Thanks for the warm welcome.  It's nice to know there are other weirdos out there.
Hi I'm a very confused ISFP (I think).  I like drawing, painting, playing guitar, singing, and cooking but wouldn't say I'm good at any of those things.  I just like the arts.  Although I'm supposed..."


2888: 'I don't think there's much to be worried about, no one I know who smokes has any real problem with it (especially compared to the number of people I know who have a negative relationship with...
sleep is good (and probably about as dangerous as getting high while lying in bed is???) but sometimes listening to music when high is better than sex
i really thought those 20 mg of THC would make me high. but here i am sitting in this room, and i just feel sleepy. maybe i should take the same amount again.
I'm pretty sure my roommate is a type 7 ENFP. He's like the most acquisitive person I've met, by which I mean he's two steps away from being a hoarder. the nice thing about this is that most of the...
ISTJ  TMLT be from America but effect an English accent in order to make people think they're refined.
I'm an ISFP yet I have shapelier elbows and larger tracts of land than all the ENTJs I know...so I can relate.
some guesses:  Bob - ENTP Tammie Brown - INFP Thorgy Thor - ENFP Eureka O'Hara - ESFP Peppermint - ENFP Cucu - ESFJ Valentina - ENFJ Farrah Moan - ISFP
Sasha seems like an introvert to me who breaks out of her shell in order to share her art and insights with the world. I see her as an INXX, maybe an INFJ.  Roxxxy and Detox, I agree, ESFP all the...
to be a good thing.
I went out to karaoke by myself and sang a song and then...couldn't really find anyone to talk to...and then after a while I went home. I feel real lonely tonight.
From time to time Bearing down upon me The vulture of safety screeches down at me You don’t know your status right now  And what’s the point, what’s your end game Here, in leading men on When...
yeah....I wish that I could have fallen asleep there too. I have really bad insomnia but I hope that i can work on it so that next time we hang out I can make us breakfast or something in the morning.
I was watching cartoons and listening to music with my best friend in her bed. she fell asleep and i felt restless so I turned most of her lights off and wrote her a nice note and then walked home :)
yeah...I think people think so because she's quirky and unique, but I believe she's not really driven by shame as much as a desire to seek harmony with other people. Both with humans as a whole, as...
I found a song whose first line is Bread is a wonderful thing for the people and the starving birds. it also contains the lines Bread comes in various bags; it can make you feel so good, and...
could Amelie be a 9w1?
nice work! the top one reminds me of a barbed wire fence :) embroidery seems like a cool hobby, is the class you're taking specifically about embroidery?
you could post them in the share your artwork thread or in this one! thread. haha.
Post some pictures if you try out the techniques! I'd love to see.
wtf. that's hilarious. to be fair, it looks like a nap. a dognap.
I took a string off one of my parents' old unused guitars and strung it on one of their other old unused guitars, then I played some songs I've been learning for my mom, and she sang along with me,...
yeah...typing people is more interesting when there's the possibility of a philosopher being any type, or of an artist, sports player, etc. but people sometimes tend toward the response of they were...
ESFP   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsXYkakToJ0
1w9
ENFJ. but most likely to actually be Jesus INFJ ;) hehe  TMLT work in a fancy restaurant and spit in the food of the rude customers.
Lol I see that an easy way to make a one-star thread is to suggest a great philosopher is a sensor, because that's impossible
ESTJ??  TMLT say there ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
A pizza pie.
Friends...just people to love in general.
713457  I'm bad at smiling. But I have my new room all set up now and I genuinely feel good about that.
Many of the protagonists of Haruki Murakami's novels seem like 9s. They're usually passive and sort of let things happen to them, at least initially, and at some point they're given a choice to...
ha ha stop describing me
EXFJ  TMLT go on blind dates where they create an entirely different persona for each date.
I can finally play these days on guitar :D
ENTJ   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSbuIOwd994
I fell asleep while this music was playing:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ie0ZXAd3IY8&t=0s  I dreamed that I was in my parents' computer room. Instead of a computer, there was a sort of gray...
I've been trying to believe in myself more and even just the tiny bit of progress I am making in that has made more opportunities appear in my life, and has made me feel more optimistic about things.
weather.gov: ESTJ facebook: ESFJ Quora: INTP
INTP  TMLT try to have an out-of-body experience
I feel like there is an uneasy tension underneath everything happening in the world right now, I feel like things are about to smash into each other.
ISTP   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWmrfgj0MZI
You deserve to be treated like one. :hugs:
I shaved my head and feel better about how I look than I have in a long time.
INFJ  TMLT post pictures of themselves crying on their Instagram
sx/sp
I hope that you're able to find a way to stop being around those people. I appreciate your presence here and so do many other people. you're a great human.
4w5
I think I'm sp-last, and I feel a strange, foolish pride in not paying much attention to my own physical wellbeing. Sometimes I do things that other people call foolish or reckless, and maybe they...
INFP  TMLT dance on their enemies' graves.
I think INFJ for some reason.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=---a4A0MqbI'"


2891: 'I always come at things from my own angle, so here goes.  Looks like I found my typing fingers on this one.  Over the years, maybe with time comes wisdom.  That's what we all hope for anyway.   Or...
Just because we are sensors does not mean that we don't zone out and day dream.  Okay, yeah, maybe what we day dream about is different... but I'm not buying this whole package, lock, stock and...
When you can stay home, by yourself, for an entire month and never feel lonely or isolated.... and you consider having groceries delivered.
or in Dennis the Menaces words, Two is company, three is a crowd, four is too many and five is not allowed!  Substitute your own numbers.
LOL I can relate to this!
My first and basic response is to be offended.... but... that is useless! LOL So, what usually works for me, no matter who is doing the 'bossing' is this:  Bossy:  'Do this, have it ready by 4.'...
All I have to say about this is HEAD PHONES turned up LOUD!  Puts the brakes to anyone trying to be social!  Works great.
My grandmother was ISFJ-1  She did the most amazing cruel embroidery you have ever seen!    She was also an extremely skilled seamstress.  She made absolutely amazing dresses and outfits......
I do not believe that I am not creative.  I am not driven to create on a daily basis, that is for certain.  But I have an amazing scrap book, I have amazing children, and I have been known to write a...
I wouldn't call yesterday a 'while'.  and thank you.
I Have talked to you all a lot here the last year or so.   and I just wanted to tell you,  that the love of my life died yesterday morning.  Thousands of miles away from me.  I think I am completely...
Isn't it so difficult to find that safety zone!?  I think in many ways, how and when we reveal our emotions to our partners stem from the same needs when it comes to INFJ and ISF*.  That all...
I love the emotions of my INFJ.  They are wonderful and compelling.  It's simply a matter of finding the person you feel safe with and allowing them to share with you.  When my INFJ says, 'I feel...
Let go of your negative and find your sense of humor.  It works.
anyone who thinks a polar bear is cuddly should get up close and personal with one, see if they still think the same afterwards. *chuckle*
And now we know why an ISFJ would not knowingly pair themselves with an ENTJ.  In fact, I shun this type of person, no need for such nonsense in my life.
I am very partial to my INFJ :)  He is my hero.  takes a while to find the comfort zone, but persistence and authenticity are a winning combination :)
My dad is ESTJ - 1 What a nightmare. I think it depends on their enneagram standing. He has his good points, to be certain.  A very smart man. But, it comes down to 'his way' or the 'highway'.  ...
Things change as you get older.  People learn to appreciate the things that are truly important. It's a waiting game.
Of course we zone out, get real!  There are times when I can't remember the hour drive home on the freeway!!  I know I was there, I know my mind was engaged in the drive and getting me here safely,...
No thanks.  I'll keep my INFJ-5. Strong, sweet, smart, and has respect for my own 5 boundaries :)  perfect.
I think that is why I am so attached to my INFJ.  He operates with logic, but the extraverted part of him is Fe.  He communicates to me with his feelings and I can't tell you how good that feels to...
I met my INFJ guy through an online dating service we were both signed up for.  I had NO idea he was INFJ until after we had been talking for quite a long time.  He just kept saying that he lived...
Ahhhh, the secret is out.  I was never going to tell. :shocked:  You really have no idea, until you have been there and back again.   All I can say is, enjoy.  :laughing:
Never a luckier girl alive to have my INFJ partner. Nobody said it was a walk in the park though. My INFJ would tell you, that I see deep into HIS soul.   When on the right course, I see INFP...
It might be more common to INFJ... but it happens to me sometimes too.  My INFJ gets that way.... here and there.  Depending on the circumstances, determines how long.  Sometimes he can pull...
Wow.  I think people are much more individual than that.  Your temperament is not the entire YOU!  I think, no matter what personality type, there is always room for growth and potential.  Just...
I find it interesting and insulting that 'S' is automatically labeled as 'static'.  If that were even remotely true, the majority of our Engineers wouldn't be ISTJ's.  ISFJ's wouldn't have a knack...
I don't really think it has anything to do with making friends and everything to do with boundaries and not wanting many friends.  There can be trust issues sometimes too.  My love isn't...
You might be right.  Don't know.  My daughter is 19 and my love is 50. The 19 yr. old is more likely to be social than my 50 yr. old.  He does like to go to a soccer game or a basketball game.......
I have identical twins, one is INFJ the other is ISTJ.  I think that combination for years gave my ISTJ a looser idea of crazy and it gave her permission to be goofy with the rest of us... turned out...
LOL sorry, didn't mean to imply anything sinister! :) Just tossing out my own observations from being up close and personal!  Actually, BOTH my INFJ's have really FUN personalities, they just...
Raised an INFJ, am engaged to an INFJ, damned if you'll find either of them at a party...ever!  They are the ones that prefer one on one contact!  If you see a person who comes to the same restaurant...
Isn't it wonderful, to see one thing on the outside and know that the inside is anything but reserved and conservative?  I just love that part.  I love it when my INFJ gets excited, it's so fun to...
When the chips are down and my day was so bad.... when I feel the weight of the world on my shoulders and I want to lock myself in my room and cry.... the only person I want is my INFJ.  He loves me...
I love all you INFJ's but I am NOT going to read all of your responses and muddy my own waters.  First of all, I am ISF*.  I tend to be ISFJ at work and IFSP at home.  I am engaged to a wonderful...
I think at times that it can be almost impossible to imagine, especially for ISFJ... since we don't really live in our imaginations the way .... say an INFJ does.  It seems like we are so full of and...
I start writing things down, like a letter to my best friend. whatever comes out.  It really does help.  I am no good with a journal, but I am good at sending email to my love, he IS my best friend....
A typical INTP sticking his nose into something he should walk away from.  Please, go elsewhere to cause trouble.  It's not needed here.  I walk away from this forum time and again because of this...
How did 'What SJ's Think' turn into an INTP forum?  Curiouser and curiouser
A long line of.....  My paternal grandmother was ISFJ My mother is ISFJ My father is ESFJ  truely, we are a very screwed up family, of that there can be no doubt.  But none of us has ever used...
I don't have that much trouble communicating with the Ns in my life. Two of my three daughters are N.  My fiance is N.   Honestly, the Ns in my life spend more time being scatter brained with their...
Sorry, I can't answer that one as I am also a 5 and have been told I may as well be an IST* except it's more complicated than that.... *shrug* humans are complicated, no way around it.
Sorry, but that just seems surreal to me.  I had a less than worse than ideal childhood, and I have never felt the need to take pills or medicate that way.  I am thinking this has more to do with...
Disagree on the not being able to sleep being the enneagram.  I think it's the FJ part.  Haven't met one yet that has an easy time with shutting down their mind so they can sleep at night. ISFJ INFJ...
Just because I don't let many people into my 'personal space'.... Just because I 'appear' to be anti-social or isolated.... Just because you read something, somewhere, that an extrovert wrote.......
Never heard this before and really, I don't believe a second of it. I think anyone can be a hypochondriac.... I think anyone can have psychosomatic illnesses.  I know that INFJ can get physically...
Check out an ISTJ.... they aren't so scary :) Pretty much big ole softies on the inside really :)  Just gotta crack that outter shell... then again, that's sorta like an INFJ isn't it? :)    Love...
THem ENTP's are nutcases!  LOL One of my best friends is one of THEM!  Makes ya wonder how they survive from day to day LMFAO
I am engaged to a very sweet and wonderful INFJ.  He is my world.  A little over a year ago he went through some really difficult times.  I wasn't sure I was going to be able to reach him, find the...'"


2899: 'Haha... :unsure: maybe you can wear them on the inside of your pants... lol
Cell phone companies customer service!! LMAO :crazy:
Haha I swear I bought some last winter and still have yet to wear them?? They looked so cute on the rack...lol!!!   Also happiness is fine and dandy if I could find something that would actually...
Wow this sounds a lot like my need to have a new cell phone every 3 months... lol :crazy:
Oh yes freedom has always been something I want and would be severely depressed if I didn't have that!! Haha and why does that rabbit have to be so darn interesting??? I guess that why I have always...
When I'm in love my heart does this weird thing. It sorta seems like it stop for a moment... and everything moves in slow motion for a minute.. when I with that person! When I wake up in the morning...
Umm... when I have been drinking I get real cocky lol and silly... and usually say stuff that I would never say sober... :crazy:
Haha a whole lot of confusion... and a lot of self-analyzing... :confused:
I am so confused and so lost... when I think I've set my heart on something or someone that I really want and when I finally obtain that goal or that type of person I find myself not wanting it...
What makes me angry, I don't get angry often but when I do it's never for long but it usually when someone says something mean about me or when someone lies to me and I catch them in the lie and they...
Tinker Bell, Cinderella, Belle and Goofy
Well there is a way to give your opinion about someone and not be negative... there is nothing wrong with being honest but when you blatantly call someone selfish, lazy etc. it's being very...
Haha guess who is now officially with an INTJ... ME!!!! Lol.. he asked me to be his g/f today and I happily obliged... I really enjoy him!!! One thing though... I find it hard sometimes to keep the...
Yes you should be!! :cool:
Haha say no more....  :wink:
But of course.... lol :proud:
Um... yea.... :blushed:
One more thing I think alot of personality traits are alter by environments... versus someone growing up rich and feeling entitled and someone who didn't being very humble and appreciative....   I...
Hmm.. there goes that selfishness thing again??? I am trying to wrap my head around that concept, really I am... to be honest I wish I was more selfish and not such a doormat sometime... there not...
This thread is a little nerving to me... You don't see many ISFPs bashing other types on this forum like that and Im sure it may have been a few... but to pick out traits that are positive and make...
1. Exude Sexuality (But Borderline Nun) :crazy: 2. Closet Introvert  3. Underachiever - Yet Capable and Fully Equipped To Be A Great Leader
???? Haha dunno........... :mellow: but they are a INTJ and I am really, really really into one right now, who knew??
Grosssssssssssssssss
I always go the safe route, cologne or a watch! Or if he's a gamer the latest game!
OMG yes it's scary sometimes I think it has a lot to do with that natural trait we have of people pleasing and not wanting to let anyone down or disappoint...lol! I have done this way too many...
Remember Chiyo, geisha are not courtesans, and we're not wives. We sell our skills, not our bodies. We create another secret world, a place only of beauty. The very word geisha means artist, and...
It more of a visual thing.. clutter throws me off so when I do clean it has to look pretty... I am not organize though, I have more then one place I keep books/art supplies/movies lol my things...
Yay I watched Dangerous Liaisons tonight!!! OMG amazing movie... I cried so hard! I bet cruel intentions was based around this movie huh? It reminded me so much of it! I loved it, thanks GiGi...
I would say let go... sometimes in those situation you have to just let go and let things be, and if its meant to be everything will work out in time! But in the meanwhile stay strong and keep your...
Black and white Edge t-shirt from WWE, with black and white boy cut ___ :crazy: well... it is... like 1:43 am right now :blushed:
Yes even though I didn't enjoy the story line that much I found myself not being able to look away! It was the same with Avatar,  I thought the movie was cheesy but the special efx were amazing! :)
It's funny that you just mention that because I met a INTJ and we spent hours on the phone just talking it was nice to talk to someone that was like me in a way but completely different... so just...
American Beauty was a great movie the images from that movie still sticks out vividly in my mind as well as 300, I mean wow what a feast for your eyes!!! Crash was a good movie too, sad but very...
I am sorry to say but that doesn't sound like a ISFP more like a ISTP because my guy is one, and does everything you mention and more and it drive me nuts sometimes! I like having a companion, I like...
http://mondosmorsels.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/crying.jpg
I figure you were meaning the LOA and it's a working progress... I am still trying to fine tune it! And please don't hit yourself lol! You seem really nice! Thank you! :)
What do you mean?
I wish to find a man that would love me unconditionally and would never do anything to intentionally hurt me! :frustrating:
When things have to be perfect and the slightest thing off can drive you crazy...   For instance when you clean the house, every inch has to be clean or you'll stay up til wee hours until it's...
What movie is this from?? THX
I would agree that having someone to balance my indifferences sounds great but almost scary at the same time... I guess I wouldn't want someone controlling everything hence making me dependent or...
Now I feel all warm and fuzzy on the inside!! Thanks! :crazy:
I for one don't side with either ones point of view.. I am not GOD and don't know fully how things work. I understand that you need tangible evidence to prove what you believe in and that's fine, no...
I agree everytime he was in the presence of Elizabeth and the way he looked her just sent chills down my spine! :laughing:
Oh yea... I am this way when I have to speak to people in public... lol or just being in public in general! I hate speaking loudly, I'm very private and don't like people knowing my business. I also...
When you hi-jack a thread just to comment on someones avatar...lol!!  BTW: I LOVE your new avatar NekoNinja :crazy:
This is great advice!!! It helps me to just find that courage and ask... because if I don't I will always wonder and hope and I know in the long run... that it would only hurt more!!
Mr. Darcy:  Miss Elizabeth, I have struggled in vain and I can bear it no longer. These past months have been a torment. I came to Rosings with the single object of seeing you...I had to see you. I...
I have yet to see this movie but I have heard lots of good things about it!
Thanks, but I sometimes think I would be balance better with a Extroverted type that is non-judging and feeling... I wonder if an ESFP or ESTP would be more suited for me??   The part that I guess...'"


2918: 'Lol sure online you guys are big and bad... But I'm talking about in person. It's a completely different world out there. And honestly, every experience with an ENTJ I have ever had... they are...
Lol very true. I'm just like, if this was realistic he would have virtually no time for her! Definitely no time to stalk her and stuff xD
There are two things that will solve this problem. Religion, and activity.  Inspiration helps as well, but we are incredibly stubborn.  Get him exercising. Get him out of the house, even if he...
Lol, seriously? You being honest rn? You guys can be very derpy, and dorky, but you are not straight forward in matters of love. LMAO. I mean, I can't be the only one that has seen that. xD Can I?...
Christian is ESTJ and Anastasia is INFP. He opens up her muffins, lmao! And then practically wants to break it off and put it in her mouth. Lol. SJ's like to take care of their partners like they...
The first post is bullshit.  ENTJs are cryptic as fuck. They like to be mysterious, and they do not like to disclose their feelings right off the bat.  If an ENTJ tells you that he likes you right...
It's hard. It's a tough relationship that takes a lot of maturity on both sides.  You have to remember that he is coming from such a different place than you.  We don't like change, especially not...
I feel like a lot of us like to think of easy answers, because our inner world is so chaotic. I think it's a way for us to feel in control, when in reality, we are probably the type that is most...
When you will try literally anything to get a relationship to work, even if it means selling out your entire identity.
In the past, I was often told things that aren't even true. Terrible things. I got rid of all of those people.
Literally me as a teen.
We are very low energy people, so we can disappear into the background. It goes with being so gentle.  I just think that that's it, we are chronically unnoticed and attention starved. It's not so...
IT's very simple. People assume what the bible means by man and woman.
No, but that's probably because I've spent too much time with XNTJs and they've burned me horribly. I got them back though. ;)  I hate how they always act like I am influencing them or taking...
Just remember to stay emotionally independent.
Um... I don't know, I haven't seen it. To be honest I doubt it is a thing. They are probably a different type.  Introversion is usually worse the younger you are, so the way the term is set up...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WA4iX5D9Z64 Honestly tho this song is an INFJ's best friend.
I'm gay, INFJ, and christian. I definitely feel misunderstood.
I will. A lot of people in my life are telling me to, and I agree. I've already made it this far. It's just complicated in some ways, because I'm gay. It's hard to have a moral compass when it's...
I've never had sex, and as sad as it is in tandem, I have been in love.  I will say this: In my many sexual fantasies, none of them have compared with the thought of being with the person I loved. ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4yXII305-E
Suicide is something that just like almost anything else, can be right in some circumstances and wrong in others.  Sacrificing yourself for someone else can be very noble for example. What I would...
I know places - Taylor Swift
It can be hard to move on with college and all that, especially when moving away. I think it's a little too far in the future right now to be totally focused on it, but you can look forward to it....
When despite being through hell, you can't help but think things are going to get better.   When seemingly impossible theories and plans go through your mind and out of your mouth, and other people...
Often times, when you ask an ENFJ about himself, it shows him that when he looks within, he sees nothing but a black whole of nothingness. It is uncomfortable, and unpleasant. We often don't know...
It's important to stay as genuine as you can. Other than that, just don't hold as many things in and it will naturally express itself.  If you are around people that do not like you, try not to...
I always thought she was ENFJ?
When this happens with me I tend to get very angry, suddenly, seemingly out of no where. I door slam, but I also vacillate. However it seems to me that the vacillation is only a way to get the person...
Ask yourself, who are you doing this game for? If the answer isn't yourself then stop and do something else, if the answer is yourself then don't let anyone else stop you.   With the right mind...
Typological research, experience, and deep understanding of the functions.
Lol don't worry that wasn't that rude. The point was to answer the question or topic of the thread.  I wasn't saying ENTJs liking their asses kissed is a weakness, I was saying most of the other...
Here are some real ENTJ weaknesses that aren't just ENTJ ass-kissing, as provided to you by your dual ;)   - Lose track of their environment: Entjs can be clumsy, and especially forgetful. Often...
Hi, can I have my name changed to GraphicallyAlex?
Get her to notice you, then act like she doesn't exist and let her do all the work. xD
Go on and try to tear me down, I will be rising from the ground, like a skyscraper.
Well... To be honest, I've never had that happen to me, but I could see it happening at some point. I think, as ISFP's, sometimes we forget that other people have boundaries. We do too, but they are...
Um, I've always been very sensitive to lighting in a room. It either energizes me or exhausts me. Music really affects me, if I don't like it I feel attacked almost, and if I do like it, it...
I''m not exactly sure what's going on, but, do whatever you are gonna do one on one.
Yeah, my inner monologues are much more typical teenage girl.   Let me try to write an isfp version of what you just did. Here is a typical morning, like today.   In class. The teacher is...
Well, I know for me, in order to talk about deeper things I need something to hold onto, a framework, if you will. Like, typology, politics, religion, or maybe philosophy, but I'm halfway decently...
You know your Fi sucks when you graphically project your feelings onto someone else without even realizing it.
Wow. I can't even imagine. My Te is my Fi's total bitch. Give me two minutes or less and I can tell you how I feel about something... As long as that pesky Ni doesn't make me doubt it too much....  ...
I say a lot with my words, and I do genuinely mean what I say at the moment, but my actions can show a general description over the long term. The actions speak louder for sure, but the words are...
My cousin is INTJ and I love her. She's hilariously inexpressive, and I often make fun of her for being the only thinker in our family. (She knows all about MBTI) Great conversations, we understand...
Hm, well if you're not into him, and you're sure you're not into him, then I say burn the bridge.  Just pull him aside and say, Stop staring at me. I'm not into you anymore.   And if that...
DO it! DO it! DO it ! Do it!  :D YEs, I'm chanting for you.
To me it seems like a misunderstanding, and after reading this thread, it seems like the OP doesn't know how she feels about him.  I think it's probably the same on his side.   As mysterious as we...
Hmm... I'd say its either, 1. They hate your guts. 2. They think you hate theirs. 3 They aren't actually ISFPs, perhaps they are intuitive :) I know our intuitive neighbors can be less direct and...
Yes, yes, Yes!! I completely understand! I also get clingy when I'm like that! It's like, on a normal day you would be hard pressed to get me to initiate contact, but when I don't understand it's all...'"


3004: 'Obama was a wolf in sheep's clothing. I think the malaise you mention stems from the borderline automatonic, antiseptic, crocodile-tear shedding aspect of foreign policy. In some ways, Obama's Nobel...
Let's be honest, though. One of the most pleasurable experiences on the planet is the exact moment of taking off one's socks. It is an orgasmic delight.  The entire existential purpose of socks is...
http://cdn.playbuzz.com/cdn/8ecbe604-ab4a-4ca3-83ed-58e86d58c323/806f334a-bca2-4547-8e15-d60971744bf8.gif  Keep it up! I'm inspired to do better myself.  I'm curious if you think the type of...
Veggie this is a cool channel. Never even knew this was a thing.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8GlZBKLieo&t=350s  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TT2GgTK9qVY ...
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/d3/a3/76/d3a376bf640ec69367d87050596dafc4.jpg
It definitely gets you asking what choice and freedom really are, and these questions extend into real life as well. Freedom I would typically think of as not being bound to obligations or a...
I'm gonna go with either quirky, indie, or more concept games that challenge conventional narrative (love the Uncharted series, btw; good times!)  1. The Stanley Parable: Games call into question...
mimesis mushr00m (politicians basically exist for me to laugh at them).    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrNrleD2ZFs
starscream430 I was in a similar place as you, with a whole family in healthcare and I ended up becoming a licensed pharmacist. Healthcare, no matter the discipline, is a high-stress job. You need a...
Depends. While at work, I don't get lunch and I typically don't even have time to go to the bathroom or even get a snack (I might get a chance to go to the bathroom once in a 12 hour shift (which...
... and the more turned around I get :confused:. Not even Google Maps can save me from my lack of spiritual direction.
Yay mushr00m to many more!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXpDTv2ct5o
DPRK ain't just a republic, folks... it's a democratic people's republic. All hail Supreme Leader! ...
Veggie did you see the new Wonder Woman? Guessing based off your avatar.  I'm back on normal schedule. Didn't realize how much I missed and take for granted having a normal schedule based off a...
Oh dear, you saw our airport. *Hides my face* Colorado is mountain time's California.   The irony is my filipino relatives who immigrated here (legally) in the past 10 years, all voted for Trump.
@Veggie  I'm probably gonna be posting shorter but still want that delicious brain food so I might just take smaller more frequent meals. Might just address a few things and maybe a YT video or two...
that dislike bar. Bill Nye the science guy.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wllc5gSc-N8
i'm disappointed in this thread
u ain't no queen :(
@Veggie  in case you find it interesting, Jordan Peterson (a professor at Toronto University) has a youtube channel which includes more than 13 videos on personality. I'm back to serious youtube...
I realized as I was posting them that most were a vegetarian's nightmare, but still, there's a kind of simplicity to food videos. An appreciation for things that are often taken for granted. I...
I am so disappointed in you.
http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/nooooooo_elf.gif
Never take a shower during Mardi Gras?  Also, you are green. Yaay!!!~~~
I am a simple person. I see tribute to bob ross. I click thank ah fuck you, thankless Spam World.
Thought of the Day:  Popeyes probably puts about half a stick of butter on each biscuit. That's probably why it tastes so good, but arteries... brace yourselves for impact.
@Veggie  sorry, I'm kinda going ham on these mukbang videos but the halo-halo part of this made me die LOL. Shoutout to my namesake. I don't think you *have* to   ...
@Veggie   I feel like I've been seeing Andy Warhol's reincarnation everywhere. You know how you discover these pockets of youtube where like a whole subculture exists teeming with life? And then...
Hm, the Philippines thing is a funny coincidence. The life lesson is interesting though and perhaps explains my personality somewhat. I was telling dad that at work, I tend to not antagonize people...
I'm in that how-the-fuck-did-I-end-up-here part of Youtube.  No regrets.
I mean, the guy's got charisma. I'm totally warming up to his personality after generally finding him annoying when he was less famous. He's kinda like the Paris Hilton of youtube, only with comedic...
Veggie  https://scontent-ord1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/17342764_270053216780943_1432614988541003398_n.jpg?oh=b3c5e8fe065550ab78daa57738ad325c&oe=5973A297
Conflicted (what else is new?)  Got the job interview and it would probably triple my current income, but I admit being the lazy cad I am, I kinda like my part-time-work-a-few-times-a-month job,...
Bilbo would join the Lannisters like white on rice. We all know he's just a greedy fucker who gets a hardon for anything shiny. https://media.giphy.com/media/SMEDDr3CIB7s4/giphy.gif  Harry Potter...
Bad Hombre my avatar is better than yours.  http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/171/350/817.jpg    So that's the actual Emma Watson and Ralph Fiennes in there, isn't it? Celebrity...
I went into conspiracy theory mode with this one. Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway purposefully read the wrong envelope as revenge for Bonnie & Clyde losing out to In the Heat of the Night back in...
Veggie not every day I agree with Piers Morgan, WTF. When the far left has alienated Piers Freaking Morgan of all people, I think they will probably self-destruct (or are in the process of doing so)....
... that old workplace I have a love/hate relationship with.
@Veggie  link to past life. Yes please.    I discovered this conservative youtuber Roaming Millenial that goes into this and she does make a good point... if virtually everywhere else, we're...
Veggie check this out...:laughing:  Soft bananas dropping - GIF on Imgur    What if in your face is the new manipulation? You often see that reaction to magicians of focus on what the other...
*Sigh* really getting sick of people having this if you're not with me, you're against me stance regarding politics. That and stuffing opinions in my mouth or harping on about the economy even...
That show looks Amazing. I'm legit stoked to check it out, but will prolly wait til netflix has the whole season to binge. The cop car makes sense, though, I think. Like a house, the police are...
@Veggie  thought you might like this abandoned Oz theme park (don't think it's really abandoned, but certainly has a spooky vibe; I like how it no longer has that clean, polished look North...
Still haven't seen nor read Fantastic Beasts -_- I should. Distractions...  Hm, Harry as an 8 is an interesting thought, but the internal monologues TBH reek of Sp 4w3. The reactive types in...
Yeah, and the audience reaction... *eyeroll*. TBH, some of the stories in countries with Sharia Law are downright disturbing. It's not so much the faith itself (although there are elements of the...
https://scontent-ort2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/15740777_10158087407310533_5072390420139911964_n.jpg?oh=5dcc66e7bdfb9347cbd2e11e2c67b4cb&oe=58E94189
...not.  mushr00m a place to bitch about banks. Not gonna be an intelligent post, just me whining about things. :laughing:  Was gonna post this in Debate/Current Events, but then realized this...
I'm in that weird how did i end up here? part of youtube.  *Click*
Hot. Blue, 10 bucks if u masturbate to dis:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A14ILOf05l0
Sorry, that's not in the spirit of Christmas. Instead, I will try to Grinch your Grinchmas. I guess I still have 25 minutes until midnight so...   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VzprYCxPBQ ...'"


3044: 'Dear Associates, thanks for bashing my ISFP-ness. Noot. We've known eachother for several years, and now suddenly everything comes out. I thought things were cool. But no. All of a sudden everyone...
I connect being manipulative with being selfish/taking advantage of people for personal gain.  I do not see myself doing that. My consience gets too bad. I find myself apologizing a lot instead....
Yeah, I'm very disorgainized, but now when I have a steady income I'm trying to get rid of stuff/buy necessary stuff/ be more organized.   I feel like I get so stuck in the moment that I don't...
Yes I'm the same way. It's pretty exhausting.   Did you draw that btw? It is nice!
I work with mentally unhealthy people, so it'd be good if I'm somewhat healthy. Which I consider myself to be. I feel calm.   When I was younger and more unemployed I was prone to be more...
I think I'm acting more cold and uninterested. I might stop contacting the person I'm interested in. I might distance myself from them.  If I'm forced to be around the person I'm jelous of/the...
I think that I've dated an ESTP. He was fun. I liked that a lot. I don't know what else to say? :P He liked me too but we wanted different things from the beginning. So I disappeared out in the...
As many have said, I don't wanna fight about petty things. Sometimes I just lay low to see who'll take advantage of you and who will not. Why would you take advantage of someone? ¤%¤#&¤##¤#¤W
Yes.  If something happened between you and him three years ago...and he truly had feelings for you, he might be over it now. If I truly like someone it's either all or nothing, now or never. It...
Sweet!
Dear whatever-your-type-is,  we haven't known eachother for that long. You seem to think that we should hang out every time we're both free. It isn't like that for me though. It seems like you...
I always date younger men! I'm 29. The last two I dated was 4 years younger than me :tongue: When I was younger I always found guys 1-2 years younger than me more interesting than older guys. Maybe...
Why is she with you if she doesn't want to be with you? For fun? I'd never do that. Because I would not have the patience to be with someone I didn't like so much.  Yelling is probably one of the...
If someone does something that really goes against my values, then I'd drop them.  I just remember when I was a child, there was this girl that could not accept no for an answer when it came to...
Dear ESTJ,  sorry my thinking is interfering with your talking!! Me sitting there quiet trying to read something does not mean I want to listen to you talk for another 15 minutes. The hardest part...
left
:( I'm going through the same thing.... It is hard to know what to do. So I've been dragging it out. Until it gets to the point where you have to see your friend's new partner. So you can either...
How often do you stay up?  If I have not been forced to get up at 6-7 am several days in a row, which means I'll hopefully fall asleep around 00 am, then I'll stay up. I never go to bed by...
Yes, songs.  Not so much the other two.
Yesterday I had the chance to run into a person I really like and haven't seen in moths. But I intentionally left work early so that I wouldn't run into him :/ That's how I deal with people sometimes.
With passer-by's, I keep my distance.  With people I have to meet regularly: try to get along with everyone. I categorize them: interesting/unintersting. Easy to talk to/not easy to talk to. People...
You sound exactly like an ISTJ I know :proud:
Thanks for the replies to my vague question. Sorry for not quoting you all.  I've figured that if I think it's a betrayal, then it's a betrayal. What is most annoying is that the ISTJ doesn't think...
:laughing:  I'm going to sleep on it. Thanks for the replies!
What is a big deal? Replying?   Yeah, it always feels like he's the one setting the emotional pace.  I've had a couple of conflicts with this one. And.. objectively speaking I'd say that I've had...
Dear ISTJ,  Though our relationship went from good to bad and weird, you always text me in at least an hour after you've gotten mine. (I sound like a 14-year-old.) You're probably the only one I...
ISTJs: Do you think keeping information from a person is the same thing as lying?    Maybe that question is too unspecific :bored:
My mom is easy to figure out: ISFJ. She's taken the test also.  My dad is harder. He loves to talk to people, and always know someone wherever he goes. But on most nights he's usually just home...
I think it could be an awesome match if the two individuals knew how to communicate. A lot of couples don't know how to do that.   And I also want to say that it's not your responsibility to fix...
Good thread :happy:
Look- Casual looking. Not snobbish. Or, he can also be you know, artsy looking. Taller than me. Bigger than me.  Speak- He should speak the truth :P I'm not up for a philosofical discussion after...
Dear ISTJ,  I don't know if I'm in love with you or not. I think about you every day, and I usually go through our convesations for myself after we've had them. I can kinda understand what you...
Can't remember! Why would I be mean to somebody?  I talk badly about people behind their backs. But I'd say it to their face too, if they'd ever show it. I feel good about it.
Now I'm also thinking that. Because, in a certain relationship, we've established that we're just friends, even though we were going somewhere completely different with it in the beginning. And I've...
I wish I could hire someone who could decide everything for me. I know nothing right now. Don't know what I'm gonna do with my job, living situation and some relationships.    Or maybe I do...
I love you.  I don't like you.  Whoa, let's take some pictures of my face and put them on Instagram!
For extended periods in my life I have not had a desire to be in a relationship. I think that's what's stopped me more, rather than fear. Well sure, it also means that I've taken distance from people...
No thanks.:proud: Don't like plane rides and don't like rollercoasters.
Dear people I hung out with tonight,  I keep my distance because you're not like my close friends. And yes, I feel a bit disconnected. And yes, I'm lying awake for hours having an Fi-spree. Now...
Yey, I found this thread.   Dear extremely extraverted ADHD-person,  :dry:  I couldn't even be bothered to mask my feelings.
Dear ISTJ,  You've randomly invited me over when I randomly had a time in need. The thing is, I have a lot of feelings and thoughts concerning this. It feels like you're only booty calling me. And...
I am crap at varying my hair style. I often get too self concious if I try something new. :frustrating:   Wish I wasn't.
Too tired to do 10.:kitteh:  What are your top ten songs, artists, films and places to go?  songs:  Sultans of Swing - Dire Straits    artists:
Touché :P         I will look into all this later. Good night.
You should do a thread like that :wink:
I usually have a hard time falling asleep and I have a hard time waking up. Of course it helps to have good routines.. like getting up at 8 am when you have a free day. Which I try to do, sometimes....
Dear ISTJ,  I hope my silence speak pretty loud!!!!!!! Kidding, I know you don't care about things like that. We both know what'll happen.    /ISFP
Haha, sweet!:)  I saw some youtube-video of a girl with ADD. Everything got better for her once she started with meds... the only downside was that she got suicidal. It was a pretty comical...
Ok! How does the meds help you, if I may ask? Do you recognize yourself in what I've written? :P
It depends on what it is I'm gonna do.  When it comes to exersice I don't dwell about it, just do it. And when I'm doing it, I mostly focus on what I'm doing. I like that. Because I can be quite a...'"


3051: 'My mom is an ISFP and my friend is an ISFP.
Adam's Song by Blink-182
He is definetly an INFP. We are exactly alike, but Dan always expressed his opinions. He doesn't do it anymore because people would always get angry at him for it and got mad at his harmless little...
I took a break from training myself to lucid dream because I have no time to keep a dream journal, but I love dreaming. I have really interesting dreams. My dreams are not the most vivid, but I can...
I probably don't know any ESFJs, but your type seems great!
It usually takes me one day, but the person I currently like I probably liked since the first week we met, but it didn't catch up with me that I liked them until about months later. It's weird how...
We are really nice and try to let others think that. Especially if one likes someone. When an ISFP likes someone they are extra nice to them and try to treat them special. ISFPs like to spend a lot...
I don't know about my dad, but my mom is and ISFP. I was probably born with it because we have the same type and we are so alike.
I have an INTJ friend. I really admire her intelligence.
It depends on who you are negotiating with. My mother says I never threw public tantrums. I just negotiated. I still do. I guess we like to negotiate. It doesn't necesarrily mean we're good at it....
ENFPs cos the ENFP I like is the equvilant of the sun to me. I don't love her, but I really admire her so much. Seeing her smile just brightens my mood.
I feel really bad about this, but I'm kind of scared of ESFJs and ENFJs when it comes to relationships, because it says that ESFJs can be controlling and ENFJs can forget about their own needs in...
Both of my best friends are INFJ
i don't know if i've met one but i know that robin thicke is one and i want him burned at the stake
92368
91836918379183891839
Danisnotonfire!!
She won't care. Alex Gaskarth's penis is bent to the left. Don't ask how I know this.
Cafe Du Monde by jhameel on SoundCloud - Hear the world
can 91787 we 91786 just 91788  How does he draw in markers?????
A. Good. Person.
I can't think of a specific song, but Fall Out Boy get me really energetic. Especially their album Folie a Deux
This is accurate for me.
I think religion holds people back. It held me back. It can blind people. I don't dislike religious people really (except the biggots), but I hate religion. It contradicts itself too much and a lot...
I don't like solociation. I use to do it because my mom told me it was the only way I could sell girl scout cookies. Whenever I see a solicitor I just say Soliciting is illegal in this town and I am...
1. Do you enjoy texting or find it easier than actually talking? I like texting, but typing is kind of annoying and i'm very sarcastic so some people can't read sarcasm like me a  certain friends....
liPS OH MY GOD. (eyes are beautiful, though.)
I try to deffend and not offend oppressed people as much as possible. Since I am part of 4 oppressed communities I get offended easily. I get way too offened about things that have nothing to do with...
A heater.
One of my good friends is an ENFP. I also really like her. I have no idea what to do. I think we would be a good pair. What should I do?
How about taking the test again? And if you act like an ISFP then you probably are one.
This is so accurate it hurts
estp
Freya is definitely an INFP
The Socionics test is pretty inaccurate. The SEI (ISFP) did not really fit me completely. It said I'm an IEI (INFP), which is pretty close to ISFP, but it was also inaccurate. So I read the EIE...
Well, we are close friends.
Is there a quiz for this?
Thank you. I'm just kind of nervous because she is in a relationship but just encase for the future
Thank you.
I have never been in a relationship. I like an ENFP girl. If we do end up in a relationship I want to know what it is like and what to prepare for because I don't want to mess up and what to do if...
One of my closest friends, who I've been friends with for 11 years, is an ENFP. I love your type.
The Artist
Even thoughh I'm a Capricorn ISFP I was supposed be Aquarius.
I'm a capricorn and ISFP. :tongue:'"


3068: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZxYFcaDiuM  Chiptunes are great overall but there's something about LHS that makes their works stand out.
Adaptation and growth is always needed. Evaluating yourself and the situations you happen upon.  I didn't write here for generic advice, but to vent. I've stopped dishing out advice unless people...
27 years old. Haven't gotten a single thing right since I turned 20 it feels. Wasted 3 years at uni getting a bachelor's in graphic design because I didn't want to work in customer service forever,...
Having a Viking-athon. The show didn't attract me when it first aired because the characters sounded so much like the different npc's in Skyrim, which I felt, at the time, was a trite and near...
A few years ago people thought I looked younger than I was but nowadays I think people would say I look 1-3 years older than I am. Haven't asked anyone recently and nobody has ever mentioned it so I...
This one's freaky good.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-ORhEE9VVg
No music can motivate me to do anything if I'm not motivated to begin with. When I am motivated, however, the music being played depends on how I'm feeling at that moment and what I want to do/what...
Finished Slaughterhouse V today and I really liked it. It was easy to follow and written in a very simple way. Can't really say I understand the idea behind the travelling but it did make the story...
It varies with my mood mostly. but music can either numb or energize me seemingly at random. Listening to music is like breathing to me. We do it all the time and every now and then you consciously...
This morning while doing some coursework at uni I thought it would be nice to listen to a band I haven't listened to in a good while and came across some new interesting pieces of music by these...
correct!  for yours I guess ISTJ[/QUOTE]  Since you didn't post anything I'll with the previous poster and call INFP.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sr2Grfi3lFg
Thought I'd go through Californication season 1-4 again before jumping onto season 5. Been a good while since I watched it last.
TotalBiscuit (The cynical brit, John Bain) Jesse Cox (formerly OMFGCata, Jesse Cox) itmeJP (JP McDaniel)
Well.. I don't even know where to being. Except that it's quite easy.. maybe..  Are we talking about the general public or someone in particular who doesn't like the band? The only bands I can...
A quick google search resulted in the same thing.  [Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is watching a show about the extinction of the dinosaurs.]  Narrator: When the Cretaceous period ended, the...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C87kk_hUcf4
New to the Internet, are we?  /b/, the cesspool. Or just 4chan in regular. Anything toxic spawns from 4chan most likely, and it's most likely from the random board, which would be called /b/ (the...
Forces his or her opinions on others.
The thing that comes to mind was when I was a kid going downstairs to my brother's room to get something and turning off the lights and kind of closing the door - but as I went out the door it opened...
Been to a few shows, not too many death metal shows (which Blind Guardian ain't playin' anyway), but it's easy to notice when things are about to occur.  Just find a good spot where you can see...
Native swede. Fluent in english. Studied german (instead of french or spanish) for three years prior to high school (as you do in Sweden), but I don't remember much of what we supposedly learned...
Haven't really thought about it that much, to be honest. When it hits Netflix I'll definitely give it a look and I'll like it just as much as all the other movies, but I'm not super-into it all so I...
As with many other bands it's hard for me to proclaim only one of their songs as their best, so I'd like to nominate a few of my own favs (as always, which one comes out on top of the others...
I suppose that kind of music is used while meditating or just relaxing, but stuff like that is usually a stressful trigger for me. I don't know what to expect, what will come next. And I'm not in a...
ENFP.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9STiQ8cCIo0
That I'm not really that closed off. People just don't ask me any questions.
Monday doodle - Safe for work.
Is that indie rock? Or maybe alternative rock? It's not my cup of tea anyway. I'd describe it as boring and uninspiring.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q00v6zYtGhs
1) Been introduced to metal quite a few times in my life, the very first (that I recall) being when I was 6-7 years old and my brother had borrowed AJFA from one of his friends and I heard both the...
All of them..? I recognize myself in all of the descriptions and what one of them gets wrong another one gets right, and so it goes on and on until the circle is complete.  Last time I did this...
Currently going through The Walking Dead: Season Two. It's differently paced and doesn't feel as difficult as the first game was, though.
ESTP    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9piElENpvmM
Way too lazy for someone without any real achievements or accomplishments to talk about. Just can't seem to get my thumb out of my ass, though. I want to be good at something and I want to be doing...
Heard it was supposed to be quite a good show but it never caught my interest, even so after only the pilot. The plot escalated so quickly without really showing anything interesting in-depth.
Smashing Pumpkins have dished out quite a few good songs and this is no exception. A tad melancholic, a tad uplifting. Without the slightly more cheerful ending I could definitely see it being used...
Myes, it's very common that I get stuck in my work (creatively) when it's for an assignment if I don't get reassurance or confirmation that I'm on the right track. Lack of positive feedback (or even...
Nah, my memory sucks and I'm probably more scatterbrained than I think or lead people to believe I am.  Impactful (on me) events, both good and bad, are what I can recall most clearly, although...
Relating songs to themes or settings is more common for me, instead of applying songs directly to any character or person. Hearing a memorable or good song in relation to a movie, game or tv-show...
Indeed. 3 movies that really caught me by surprise were Horns, Sabotage and Oculus.  I thought Sabotage was just another action movie with Arnie and a few others, but it was completely different...
One Missed Call (not the Hollywood version). Saw it a few months before it was remade in the US and it was the fucking scariest shit I've ever seen. It was the middle of the night around this time of...
Realists are preferred, be they villains or heroes. Anti-heroes go a long way with a huge variety in morals and values depending on the character, but I imagine most of them are realists.  Tyrion...
I'll have a look and get back to you with the answers a little later on. Thanks!     In the middle of a conversation I can start thinking of things that might appear as far-fetched or just...
Hiya!  Been here on and off since december but haven't really felt like posting anything until now. MBTI, socionics and all these things are interesting to read about and might also be of some...
Bump for interest.
Once upon a time I would most likely have typed this out in a matter of minutes without any hesitation of what information is useful, funny, representative of my personality, utter bullshit or...
It's a few years off, but I do stuff like this all the time. Wingish-wavish-ornaments, abstract puddles of air (wat) and space languages (imagine katakana mixed with scandinavian runes and circles...'"


3119: 'YouTube is an ESFJ but one that appears to be genuinely kind and innocent but is actually very invested in drama and gossip and always has something going on.  Other websites are have too many...
ISFJ (mother)  + INFP (father)  = ISFP (me) (also i have an ESFJ sister)   MOTHER SIDE: ISTJ? (grandpa) + ISFP? (grandma) = ISFJ  FATHER SIDE: ENFP (grandpa) + ISTJ (grandma) = INFP (also an...
ISFP  1. I don't really like being alone that much. Sure, I need alone time, but not too much, yknow? 2. I think i'm a fairly patient person when it comes to other people 3. I'm pretty ambitious ...
I always used to test as INTJ, but that doesn't mean my type changed. I think i've just developed my different functions as time has gone on.
INTP   TMLT try and frame someone they don't like
He's more ISxP to me imo.
in theory, yes. i would love to see one of my favorite bands live. but in reality i have really bad anxiety especially around big groups of people and loud noise, so going to a concert would probably...
ISTJ lol  TMLT be really into astrology
I recently watched the TV series Anne and (if i remember correctly) thought it was very close to the book, so I'm kinda going off of that.  Anne: ENFP Marilla: ISTJ Matthew: ISFJ? or INFP?...
I play guitar, ukulele, or piano, read, listen to music, watch YouTube, scroll through social media, or just sleep. If I'm in a depressive episode tho I'll pretty much only lay in bed and listen to...
My parents were (and still are?) pretty strict so that may have developed some of my rebellious Fi. When I was a little kid they encouraged me to ~explore my imagination~ and stuff so I guess that...
Probably mostly ExFPs, like everyone else said. But I could see some Fe-doms being good at it.
that desc of INTJs/Jughead is pretty vague imo and it could go for a lot of different personalities. He's still INFP in my book.
Apparently I was very easygoing as a baby and didn't cry much at all, even when I got shots, haha. When I was a little bit older (2-3) I had a big imagination and made up imaginary friends for myself...
Honestly, I've known people of multiple different types that are lazy. I have an INTP cousin and he's lazy. My ExFJ sister is also pretty lazy, actually. So i think it really depends on the person...
ENFJ maaaaybe?  TMLT always have to process their feelings before they can do anything
I've never been in a dating relationship but when i don't want to be friends with someone anymore, i basically try to just drop them and give them the cold shoulder. Yeah, it's probably not the best...
I'm pretty sure my younger sister is an ESFJ. We mostly get along, but we can get into disagreements (we very, very rarely actually get into fights). I think one thing that makes us clash is that she...
I'm a ballet dancer, and I think that's pretty bad. My feet are constantly bruised and blistered. Dancing with a big block at the end of your shoe isn't as easy as it looks. It's also painful.  ...
For just everyday, I usually just use concealer, eyebrow pencil, eyeliner, mascara, and lipgloss. If I'm going somewhere I might have to look more dressed up or something, I'll also use bb cream,...
So something that I just realized that I tend to do is romanticize the past. Just earlier today I was listening to music from 2014-2015 and thought about how I'd love to go back to that time since...
I go back and forth between Slytherin and Gryffindor (I've received both on Pottermore) but honestly I think I like Slytherin more.
meh, i just would've thought she's an ENTJ over ESTJ because she doesn't have a lot of apparent Si.
Warmth2.5  Reasoning1.7  Emotional stability1.1  Dominance1  Liveliness2
A lot of the times when I test, I test as INFJ or INFP. I can really relate to the INFP description, not fully, but it's probably the next closest type to my own (ISFP). I can agree with INFJ for the...
I agree with most of these.   The only really Se thing about Veronica is that she's into stereotypical ESFP stuff like clubbing and shopping. But I wouldn't say she's an SJ, she's more NT imo. I...
Ive seen/taken this one before but it's been a while  56% INFP 22% ENFP 6% ISFP 4% ESFP 3% ENFJ  I think it's pretty okay, but it's just basic N vs S E vs I things, which is probably why...
An xSxJ type probably  TMLT go running when they feel stressed
ISTJ - (Greek) Sphinx  ISFJ - Genie ESTJ - Griffin ESFJ - Centaur  ISTP - Vampire ISFP - Mermaid ESTP - Will-o'-the-Wisp ESFP - Siren
I honestly wouldn't have the patience to study law. And getting into arguments, even if they're calmer ones, doesn't sound like something I'd like to do very often :unsure:
Though quiet on the outside, you are often the hidden hero; someone who rushes in when needed and then after the emergency is over fades back into the woodwork. Because of this sense of duty and...
There aren't really a lot of people I don't like, honestly. I get passive aggressive with people that i know well and don't like. I may ignore them as well. If I don't like someone that I don't know...
they both seem like extroverts imo. it's hard to tell for me, really, because they don't seem to show a lot of their personalities in videos, and i'm not that big of a fan. rose does seem more...
xxFP  TMLT make playlists/cds for their friends
Most of my friends are SJs and NFs. I also have a few SFP friends.
Even when I was a little kid, I told people i like all colors. But i think i did have this phase when i was about six years old where i only wanted to wear pink... that's about it.
In my experience, INTPs are usually more ~lone wolves~
In all honesty, i think i might be best with another ISFP, or another FP at least.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AScEjI110s
i just wasn't super confident that he was ENTJ. However, i did a little more reading about him and I think he seemed like he had more of an NT personality than SJ.
I think this theory is pretty accurate tbh. I'm an ISFP, my sister is an ESFJ. Our mom is an ISFJ and our dad is INFP.   My dad has an ESTP sibling and an ENFJ (or ESFP) sibling and their dad (my...
I'm a female ISFP. I'm currently crushing on a girl who i suspect is an ISFP. It's died a little bit since we've become closer as friends, but it's still there. I knew her for a while before I...
For me at least, it hasn't been very accurate, it usually gives me INFJ. I think it's pretty biased with questions, and it has nothing to do with cognitive functions. However, it gave some of my...
From what i can remember learning:  Madison: INTP Hamilton: ExTJ w/ more developed Fi Jefferson: xNTx Burr: NT again
I get very easily annoyed by eating/chewing noises. They make my skin crawl. It's easily my biggest pet peeve. Other (more personality related ones) are people being fake, people being huge slobs,...
this sounds like something my ISTJ friend would do so. ISTJ  TMLT collect stuffed animals as an adult
(This is more for me around the ages of 2-10... i started developing anxiety when i was about 12 and i was unhealthy, and i've blocked a lot of memories from that age out)  1) What is your...
ENxPs and ESTPs, in real life anyway. I feel like you can just tell they're there, they just have those vibes. And other ISFPs aren't really that hard to spot for me.
ESTP lol  TMLT watch two seasons of a TV show in one day
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxcZAHTyVCI'"


3148: 'Control over my own life and enough power to achieve my most valued goals is enough for me. The second is tricky - especially when it involves other people. Power for the sake of power isn't my thing.
The Stoning of Soraya M.
I might be better at keeping others' secrets than my own. Theirs get vaulted in the attic of my mind, sometimes forgotten; mine constantly walk the ground with me.
I used to have a real issue with my personality too. Or at least that's what I thought the problem was (there's nothing wrong with your personality - we've all got quirks we can work on). Taking a...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zyf0YwUJcqk
Black, green, grey, violet, blue, pink.
The last time I attempted to flirt with someone I really like I went with a joke. It ended with him being defensive and unimpressed, while me in confusion and eventual horror. Flirting might not be...
Thank you for this post.
Out of the night that covers me, Black as the pit from pole to pole, I thank whatever gods may be For my unconquerable soul.  In the fell clutch of circumstance I have not winced nor cried...
Ooh.. is it somewhat related to Hebbian learning?   I actually followed most of that..:shocked: Yay me:crazy:. *moving on. I wonder if this process of neural recruiting is development (age)...
really stressed --> need for time alone to deal with everything becomes vital mad --> depends on who/what it's directed at. (if at self: think in circles, get mad for thinking in circles, think...
My personality prof didn't think much of the Myers-Briggs either. It was the reliability, I think, that she said was shaky (she didn't elaborate or give research evidence though). It was a little...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDn5GTqQzjo
A Dream Within A Dream, E.A. Poe Take this kiss upon the brow! And, in parting from you now, Thus much let me avow - You are not wrong, who deem That my days have been a dream; Yet if hope has...
This is an evil thread. I'm going to pretend I just saw rainbows...
lust, leave, flesh fool, men, kiss mania, mad, secret  Yowza.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4P3SHXQEpRU
That quick, dorky wave I do every time I see you? Yeah, that's a reflex. And that's about the only thing I can do at least partially right when you're around. Everything else inside of me falls...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuG3ZDAxLhs
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PF8o0W9a0no
I redirect my interest to something else. Then I start doing that thing.. until something else catches my interest^_^
Personally I think otherwise, but I have come across a text linking the two. Overall, even when associations are found between blood type and personality, they tend to be relatively low in...
Basics * Name - Hmm - Any nicknames? H  * Male/Female/Trans? F  Location - Canada.  Any interesting story behind that? Permafrost? If you could get up and go anywhere in the world at the...'"


3184: ': D   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIXbh-VhaFg
Half genius ... half retard.
Nevermind...:crazy::kitteh:
1. Lack of understanding 2. If people understood things and understood where those things lead to, there would be so much more cohesion in the world.
Maybe we need a thread for this thing. What'ya think?
People should type their pets for the amusement! My family used to have a ISTP dog, she was a horrible dog :rolleyes:
That's true and they even have different personalities. I'm actually using MBTI with animals too.
That's why animals rule. You don't need to talk and if you do, they probably won't get it.
Kind of fits ISFP descriptions also:  ISFP personality types are sensitive, gentle and attentive to the needs of those around them.  ISFPs are eager to help and quickly perceive the needs of...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjzYUDd7sow   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsS08Sl8TPI   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-J2LlRFgWQk
Well in general I'm more interested what drives people and why than how they process information. Anyway aren't MBTI and enneagram in correlation? Why are they correlating?  Went equal.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDl3iUo__dY   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1acEVmnVhI   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yOZEiHLuVU
Yea, could be. But at least some degree the same thing goes on in every culture amongst men (prevails in the manly fields).
Sounds like macho culture? A few people can earn respect different ways though, they don't need to get too much into the hustling. I think those guys can actually make some change in the culture. ...
In definitions commonly used in the social sciences and behavioral sciences, aggression is a response by an individual that delivers something unpleasant to another person. Predatory or defensive...
And what would be the purpose of this side project? To eventually start acting upon these values?  When you talked about right intention and right motivation producing right action and right...
If we want to have an ego, then I think our egos should be connected to each other through values, otherwise we keep living in contradiction. So yeah they should think in same way.     Aren't...
On the topic:   There is always two sides of a coin. Anybody can argue forever equally for both sides without coming to any measurable conclusion. That's useless until we have a common ground to...
So should we let our egos get in the way of unity? Ego can be trained. Intellectual mind should aim for perfection, equilibrium = where there is no need for change anymore. Any change from there...
I'll take it literally :) If the stupid were more doubtful and the intelligent got more down and dirty more good things would happen.
So should the stupid doubt themselves more and the intelligent take more stands?
Aren't you creating meaning into things that don't have any meaning here? If our opinion doesn't have any meaning in itself why would we want an enemy just to create meaning for our opinion? What is...
Of course it's a hellhole because rationalists haven't figured out how to make things work better. But it's actually not your fault. It's the idealists fault who haven't defined the perfect values...
If my opinions are based on my values (as they should be), then they are obviously not changed very fast.
1) At least a bit. Maybe at first sight impression, because different types can make them seem off putting at first, and now I'm more likely to look pass that. But I think the problems I have with...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3I_Ds2ytz4o
Jack is the sound of reason in this film. He just got a little.. off track. I like to think that Jack never actually had the stomach to kill his family in the end. Thou he did kill Hallorann...
Which types (are more likely to) prefer to figure things on their own and which prefer things already chewed?
I would say, naturally I like using talents I have to solve problems. When I know what I'm doing. I have liked math and crossword puzzles.   (But I don't like _learning_ new things. It's putting...
I figured if your avatar represents you, there seems to be some gloominess in there :shocked:      My protocol for thanking is all over the place. I assume feelers give more thanks, for...
Hah I would call it a thought that pops into my mind at some point If I were to rape someone, this would be the time and place :rolleyes:    There is a sadist somewhere inside of you, you just...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bdOefF_tyU
I don't even _know_ any. But thinking about people I've encountered in my life that I now can type as INTPs, and watching INTP typed people interact on videos. That's where I get those vibes from. ...
Hah :D I personally am not that interested who is intelligent or not, I'm interested in what are they are bringing to the table. You can be intelligent and useless - you can be half retard and great....
The red spirit Good post  Honestly I don't really _feel_ inferior. I know I am in some ways but I'm definitely not sad about it. It's room for improval. Imagine how horrible it would be to be...
Don't you feel in anyway superior to them?  I think I see them bit nerdy, and not very bodily aware. I feel like a cat with a mouse with them on physical level. But the tables are turned when it...
:D Well that makes sense.     I think I like them.  Just can't help but feel a little rapy about INTPs. They feel somehow so helpless in SF ways. Then again they could think my brain is like a...
Do ISFPs want to rape INTPs bodies and INTPs want to rape ISFPs minds?
Weird is another level. If you know all the levels, there is no weird. If you understand everything, nothing is unclear.   So if something is weird to you, you are an idiot:violin:
Yeah. But isn't it often the simple things in life :brocoli: I think it's a good philosophy to aim for being most content with the least (Diogenes). If I'm going to do something big, I want it to...
They think ISFPs are so mysterious cause they don't seem to do anything, so they are hiding so much. No. We_just_don't_do_anything.  Like who the fuck even does something? What kind of crazy...
It's irony to a lot :D
A bit too much people pleasing & worrying what they think of you & lack of communication skills? Not to go extremes and being horrifying dick, giving 0 of people and running them over. Just speaking...
Mine wouldn't be very colourful. Quite simple, naturalistic, pastel colours. But somekind of deeper / double meaning on it. Pictures on my profile probably describe it.
First I don't see feelings all that irrational or somehow outside of data. When we lose something we are sad. When someone fucks with us we are angry. When we succeed we are happy. A lot of...
I talk if I'm energised, but that would not be very often. I'm a horrible man bc often I get a remark or observation in my mind but I'm too lazy to say it out loud. Though I've learned a bit to not...
The Shining is one of my favourite movies and it's a fascinating film, because it's multilayered. First time you see it you are scared but don't really comprehend what has happened. And what has...
Yeah, not a movie for kids. I saw Psyko 2 around the same age, didn't end well. Woke up that night to the worst nightmare I've ever experienced. And the most weird, but truly terrifying. It must have...
That sounds so familiar. I would say happiness is a state of mind describes it best for me. Maybe enneagram thing, but I used to worry about things and have very pessimistic mindset. Probably because...
:laughing: So are these gloryholes a standard in US bathrooms, cause I've never come across a gloryhole in any bathroom in Finland? :onthego:  To the question I love breaking taboos, not...'"


3208: 'As stressful as school is, I'm happy to say that, by May of next year, I'll finally have my BS in Microbiology and French!! I have a bs in science but I can't seem to bs through life.. Hahaha......
I remember when I used to have such an obsession with PerC that I could not, literally, go more than one day without opening a tab/logging in... I haven't been online in over a month? Maybe more; I...
I feel so burned out from life and I want to sleep for 48 consecutive hours. I noticed there's been a lot of advertisements for Narcolepsy lately and I pretty much hit all of the symptoms but I'm so...
My dad has gotten back into smoking since I was gone for nearly half a year. When I first stepped into the house, I thought it seemed a bit musty, and the stench of cigarettes is probably one of the...
Getting back into the routine of things has been a lot harder than I assumed. I feel completely drained of energy, lethargic about (some) of my work, but what cheers me up the most are the autumn...
I have been home for a few days now, although it doesn't even feel like I've been conscious the entire time. Did I really take an eighteen hour flight and wake up in my bedroom this morning?...
I am leaving Chicago next week, and a part of me is very melancholic and depressed because of it, but another part of me looks forward to coming home. I managed to make some great connections here,...
The fact that Bjork is eccentric enough for one to cosplay her is amazing.  What made me smile today? People walking their cute dogs, and letting me pet them. Plus it was a nice, crisp 70F...
I've thought about it for a while now, and it's thought that reoccurs ever so often, but what is my personality. I've been put on quite a few facades, or personas for other people, and I seem to...
I had some deep dish Chicago style pizza today. It was awesome.
I'm currently on spring break from university and this is where the 'I don't really know anyone/don't know what to do' feelings kick in. My roommate left on Sunday to go back home, and she lives in...
I wonder when humans started to cry for emotional reasons. It's such an odd thing to do.   I don't cry much. Only when I'm in a manic state. I'll start crying hysterically, hyperventilating and...
This is where I want to obliterate stereotypes in terms of personality types. Some of us have well-developed Ni, Te, and it's not uncommon for someone artistic to also thrive in the maths and...
Spanx on Spanks? Alright.
God no. I have to pause constantly to think of what to say next, consistently say 'um' inbetween words, and I can't articulate myself well at all.  And yet I have absurd thoughts of hosting a TED...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4TxEsRxltg
INTP  Not surprising.
Just when I start getting used to the time zone, America goes through daylight savings. It's 1:30 in the morning and I feel so active still, and my roommate has been asleep since 11... It's also...
All of my attempts to 'quit' the internet have been unsuccessful, as I can never figure out how to keep myself occupied otherwise. I actually find it perplexing as to how anyone can drop all media,...
I'm starting to wonder if all of this experience I've undergone is developing my Ni more, as I've been much more innovative and eager to work, create, formulate new ideas, verge a different path or...
I was in video chat on skype with my mom and she told me to open the window so she could see the snowfall on the ground... Australian parents are weird.  I also kind of miss my family even though I...
I'm an undergrad microbiology major, studying in prerequisite to biomedical engineering or working in biochemistry. I work with a lot of xNTPs and I generally find the lab environment to be...
I was a bit of a wallflower in high school though wasn't really much of an outcast. I just didn't stick out anywhere. Might have I been considered cool or interesting among the artsy kids? Sure,...
I'm usually indifferent but will become hostile if provoked.
It's so fucking cold here I'm going to die And there's someone who lives in this residence hall who has a cough resembling that of a chain smoker  I still haven't gotten used to this time zone...
They should be funny and more outgoing than myself, and considerate, of course. We should be able to sit down together and have long, fluid, interesting conversations. Someone fairly laid back, but...
The new semester of school starts tomorrow, and I'm certainly anxious, but in contrast to how I would've felt if placed in the same situation, say, a year ago, I've certainly made improvements....
I used to be a freelance artist but shortly realised I only liked drawing for my own personal reasons and not anyone else's. I still enjoy drawing, painting -- as well as writing and playing music,...
No. Atheist, sharing some ideas linked with pantheism.
This has been the most excruciating trip I've endured, but I'm quite proud of myself for accomplishing it. Booking the airline ticket and speaking with the university, packing my luggage, travelling...
Warm clothing right out of the dryer. Same goes with slipping into a fresh bed after a nice, hot shower.  The pitter-patter of raindrops on the roof, lying in bed, listening.  The sound when the...
I hate Christmas, and I'm tired of everyone asking whether or not I participate in celebration. No, I don't want to hang up any decorations. No, I don't want to go to any parties. No, no gifts,...
Renewed my passport yesterday, am well on my way to Chicago exactly two weeks from today!   To be honest, I am completely terrified, but knowing so is completely exhilarating.  I guess thinking...
Four leaves are a result of genetic mutations in the plant, which means isolating the genetic mutation that causes the four leaf in Trifolium repens, and I think there's a few grow your own four...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RD6q4ifdkW8  Incredibly surreal.
http://i.imgur.com/Op4STbM.png  I walked my dog around the park this morning  If you find a four leaf clover, keep looking!! Depending on where the mutation happened developmentally they always...
Today is my birthday!!! Except I haven't smiled yet.  My mum bought wine and an other assortment of alcohol last night so guess what I'm having for breakfast.  Now I just made myself laugh ha ha...
http://i.imgur.com/eyfxsyQ.jpg  http://i.imgur.com/IDSq49C.jpg  http://i.imgur.com/eA88CdL.jpg
I'll probably spend a large portion of my life alone, which I'm content with (as I have to be), but I can't help shake off the feeling that I'll be inevitably alone, both platonically, and...
Acquisition of knowledge, empathy (even if I have a very perplexing time expressing it, but appreciate it as a core value), intelligence, compassion, socialism.
I can't believe we're the lowest scored! I've been told to be quiet and ease up on the details quite a few times. Hard to believe that an ENFP and ISFJ have the same ranking...
A week from today, I'll be nineteen years old. I feel old, even though I'm technically not that old.  I feel like I need to get my parents a card and a gift rather than them giving me something,...
My dancing is essentially a trainwreck. I've never danced in public before, and I don't really dance in the comfort of my own room, either... unless if I want to make myself laugh or something.
I am a huuuuuge music junkie and my taste is so varied even I can't define it, but I'm extremely possessive of the music I enjoy and I only like keeping my favourite songs to myself. I don't want...
Strangely, I'm quite the chatterbox when I'm comfortable and have a tendency to draw out long sentences and elaborate on everything. Around strangers, not so much. I'm reserved and rarely speak up,...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITYVXUvMtHI
I've been on medication for Bipolar disorder since I was 15, and it's  helped surely as even though I have a very rigorous diet consisted of  high protein and overall 'healthy' foods, my disorder...
Satie's Gymnopedies are very philosophical when you're feeling down.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7DBoiyBoJ8
New Year's resolutions are dumb because nobody fulfills them even as much as they like to fabricate details. I kinda set some goals for myself this year, though.... like getting out more, talking...
Shuffled through some racks of vinyl the other day and found discounts off a couple Who and Cure albums.  My simple pleasure today is listening to said albums first thing this morning.'"


3277: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6tsXdfrGXQ&feature=player_embedded  Just listen...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRfBqoGVFXc
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_f_mMJAezM
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lm6byweZbC1qjvm9yo1_500.gif
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqg90Qj2ApU
Just turned 21 last month.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YemhxC9OpSw
1. I am really into self-reliant living and hope to eventually be living off-grid.  2. I have regular Lucid dreams.  3. I try to live as simply as possible. Materialistic attachments have made...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9uyMjzmT3k
This exactly... it's just not in my nature.
Paranoid: Low Schizoid: High Schizotypal: Low Antisocial: Low Borderline: Low Histrionic: Low Narcissistic: Low Avoidant: Low Dependent: Low Obsessive-Compulsive: Low
Malakai http://farm6.static.flickr.com/5225/5673374029_610c5a99cd.jpg  Freckles http://farm6.static.flickr.com/5224/5673409581_ce95ac96bf.jpg  Chloe...
Music Pink Floyd Ray LaMontagne Bob Dylan The Beatles Jimi Hendrix The Doors Tame Impala Iron & Whine Fleet Foxes
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8pSaNN40cY
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ll8zy617fU1qgfaa8o1_500.jpg
I like him... absolutely thrilled that he will be running.
My closest friends have just about always been NFs.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDfM1byYLyY
Classic Rock  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIhtafqZvy8  Folk  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMGKIGpD1tk  Indie
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XjY2m0bAaU
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSB74LZDNr0
I've hopped around from job to job quite a bit since high school. The thought of being tied down to one single career for the rest of my life quite honestly sends me running in the other opposite...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mp4LddCwakA
Fellow ISFP, SPCA work, and pit bulls? I like you already :happy:  Welcome!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSB74LZDNr0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMpGdG27K9o
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHO6pbjQ9ec
Outdoor activities (Hiking, camping, etc.), photography, music, reading, nerdy dog-related things.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZHZXex0Z-g
33 is old? lol. You are not even old enough to be my father ;) Most of my closest friends are around your age (and I am only 20 myself). This is a fairly diverse forum. The range of ages are great in...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIGvqxN--aY
Elmo  You scored 42% Organization, 67% abstract, and 41% extroverted!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYnGelZ6Rms
I don't mind going to certain games (like Hockey) every once in a blue moon... mostly just for the atmosphere though. I'm not much of a sports fan really.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9zAUZfDV-w
Yes. I got up, quite literally last minute, and moved to middle of nowhere Alaska not all that long ago. It was a very isolated location and I had little contact with anyone. Lived in a 12x18 cabin...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bI5Zi2OHhDU
Definitely male... I do have a few favorite female vocalists though.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJIwNzR1Las
*this is me not retreating from a conversation*  ...just poking fun of course ;)  Let me rephrase that statement... any two healthy/mature individuals, no matter the type, have the capability of...
I don't give out change but will give food/bottled water whenever I can.  As for what is *right*.... that is a completely personal decision. I don't fault anyone for not giving their money/food...
I can't speak for all ISFPs, but you certainly wouldn't find me confessing my love for a person I have only known for a week... it would be rare for me to be making the first move at all actually.  ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTysF1E4Ft0
You guys are amazing http://personalitycafe.com/images/smilies/1/proud.gif
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_U92bLGro0
Loved your video bronwen!   Luna and This Mortal Coil  <3 ...  great taste in music :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9vaAVm0LIk
I have no issues with them, or hunting. I would much rather know where my food is coming from (and that the whole process was done humanely) than buying it prepackaged at a grocery store.
I always have a premonition that I'm going to lose something. The world is so beautiful... but I feel like I'm the only one who's far from it. -The Place Promised in Our Early Days  The sea's...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_f_mMJAezM'"


3322: 'As a little kid, I used to talk with my pets and pretended to be a pet whisperer. If the parakeets were chirping among each other, I would horribly translate their conversation into two elders...
I thought these posts from this thread were helpful to answer your question. Many extroverted people are social butterflies, but it's highly possible that some extroverted people are not social...
I can relate with clumsy people because I have tripped on too many cracks and crashed into too many street light poles. It depends on the person and situation, but I would most likely rush to the...
Whatx97 I don't understand the reason for this, but I'll try it out. I haven't eat cereal in a while. I don't know... My brother and I used to always eat the Post Honey Bunches & Oats with Clusters...
Oh... well. If it's over mundane issues, I wouldn't necessarily bother because it seems pointless to spark the fire. I would understand that my Facebook post must have triggered a nerve if they're...
Although I sometimes appreciate head-strong attitudes, if someone gives me options that leaves no choice for me to provide feedback when it's especially clashing against my belief system, there's no...
I used to think that every year I'm aging, I'm stealing people's youth away. I'm often mistaken four years younger than my actual age because I'm short (4'11 tall), round face, and able to fit the...
I'm following your blog and adding your website in my list of Inspirational Artists. It looks awesome, keep up the good work!
I listen to music for the sound, and then the lyrics. If the rhythm or instruments fail to catch or hold my attention, I would search for another song. The lyrics can occasionally slam against my ear...
I know that pain too well, but stabbing people wouldn't necessarily help (it certainly didn't help me during 7th grade with the pencil incident). How do you usually cope with people who intensely...
189962    189970   190010
During the fall semester of 10th grade, we were reading Animal Farm by George Orwell in class. Some thought it was historically interesting, some thought it was the most boring book to ever read. I...
Absolutely, introverts can be talkers when they especially have the energy and time to discuss with particular people. I've been mistaken an extrovert for being able to babble on about my interests...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWuVEhTJPdw    This is my current jam if I'm feeling beaten down.
184634  They're my original characters for a story I'm creating.  The boy in the dress is named Kane, and the girl in the tuxedo is named Matilda (but they call her Matty).
Yeah, I hate relying on my parents (or anybody) for money unless it's a necessary situation. Although it's nice and convenient when I require money, I feel like I'm wasting away their hard-earn cash...
a) I would be most happy with this situation because my partner is trusting me while they are handling the home and kids.  b) I would be most neutral with this situation because it allows the kids...
The clouds are covering the sun like a blanket was placed over my head.   People are living and dying right; and for 17 years on Earth, I'm still breathing. I whisper under my loud breath that...
Hello pinkmatter. Stalking is a serious matter, and it's terrible that you have to undergo this kind of situation.   You have emotional scars after he broke off the unhealthy relationship. You...
Mom says, I will love you  until death steals you away.  You chase death with kitchen scissors  clutched in your right hand.  Slicing motions linger  on your bony fingers
182650 182658  Yes, I keep a journal (this is my current one). I write about what happens in my life through stories, poems, and doodles like the right-side picture above. There are couple of pages...
I'd say Gryffindor House for you.
It's such a sweet temptation for me to glance at the end of the chapter or even the end of the book, but I usually refrain myself from glancing if it's a fictional book I'm sucked into it. I can...
I used to have a love-hate relationship with Mondays when I was in high school. Some Mondays I was able to sleep in or finish my homework assignments scattered in my backpack. Some Mondays I had to...
Before I die, I would want to ride my bicycle everywhere physically possible. I think I would also want to hike up a mountain trail so I can star gaze until the sun rises. The last thing I would most...
I think it depends on the person why they ask that question. If a friend asked me this question, they wanted to know if I'm easily settling in the new place. If my brother asked me this question, he...
I play the piano and xylophones.
Toy Story Trilogy, Monsters University, and Wreck-It-Ralph are just my favorites.
My name means God has heard, God will judge, and thankful. I will agree with the thankful part that it fits my personality.
I googled Artemis Fowl. I wonder if I should read the books.
If I was given a child to raise, and I can name them, I would name them Artemis or Atticus.
I'm doing all right, but I'm feeling a bit hungry because I didn't eat dinner yet.
When puberty began to possess most middle school students at my (and other) school, physical appearance and cliques were a do-or-die situation. Guys and girls apparently must own perfect eyebrows at...
Soft and chewy Cinnamon and Raisin bread.
Doughnutsu200b- at the moment. Knowledge too.
I'm wondering how I can craft my characters and what kind of hell I should have them endure in my story.
I'm listening to Call Me Back by The Strokes.
Hello gentlefolks, I'm interested to hear your insight with my answers to what type I most likely am. I usually wound up with IXFX, so I wonder if I just fluctuate between N and S/J and P. Thanks for...
Personal  ~  * Name - What do you preferred to be called?   I preferred to be called Jay.  - Any nicknames?   Yes, I'm actually called small Asian child, chibi-chan, cherry, Short Round...
You know you're an Introvert when you insert head/earphones in order to avoid conversations or contact on the bus or the subway. You know you're an Introvert when you also dread small, pointless...
I think my type flavor would be cinnamon coffee because INFJ are (as notified in most INFJ descriptions) gentle, complex, and creative like cinnamon and coffee infused. That flavor, or...'"


3324: 'greetings! Welcome to the personality cafe. =D
cats ... I love cats ... I love every kind of cat xDDD *shot*   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sP4NMoJcFd4  ;___; I just want to hug all of them but I can't...can't hug every cat T.T
;__; she's my best friend but lately I just feel like she's focusing on her career so much and I read that an ENTP weakness is that that although they take their commitments seriously, they tend to...
http://i54.tinypic.com/20h3s76.jpg
not really a favorite poem but I just found this and thought it was incredibly amusing xD   Dearest creature in creation, Study English pronunciation. I will teach you in my verse Sounds like...
I noticed that I tend to wear a lot of blue xD
xD eh - I didn't make the list; I found it
http://i55.tinypic.com/2i9nsw3.jpg
what can I say ... I'm intimidated easily >.> ...I'd love to  understand the ENTJ more, but I'm very meek honestly - people like you  guys take my meekness to your advantage...not really bullied, but...
I'll post this since I haven't seen one of these here yet. ^^ Feel free to add to the list.      Margaret Thatcher (former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom)  Oskar Schindler (German...
not sure how many of these were already mentioned, but this is a list I found:     Donald Trump  Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart   Dan Quayle, U.S. Vice President, 1988-1992   Paul McCartney  ...
Red Robin's Banzai Burger xD - highly recommended for anyone who may decide to eat at that restaurant in the future -
Oh gawd - this is so ME D; *cries* I'm not quiet...I'm just listening ~.^
INFP people are intuitive - so they take things in primarily via intuition. INFPs are always trying to find the meaning in their life and their focus is on discovering how they can better serve...
I played clarinet for 8 years in middle school/high school, and I'll admit that I never had any real talent for it - but I stayed in the class because of my band geek clique - my artistic talent in...
Movies -  1) The Mummy Movies (Counting The Entire Series) 2) You've Got Mail 3) Runaway Bride 4) Sleepy Hollow (1999 Version) 5) Titanic 6) Rush Hour 7) Liar Liar 8) French Kiss
I'm the same way - in high school I never studied, but my photographic memory allowed me to skate by with as and bs - however, college was a completely different story >.> ... I had to force myself...
Oh =o ofc *dances the funky chicken*
xD The earliest dream I can remember is from when I was very little and I dreamed that the two villain characters from rocky & bullwinkle (boris & natasha) had a trap door in the floor of some old...
My grandma lives in PA - I'll say that the snow that happens in VA doesn't happen as often as in PA (and it's not as deep). Our summers are also usually hotter than yours, but what can I...
Lightening the mood a bit but...   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzumDt1f3Jg&feature=mfu_in_order&list=UL  ...I confess that have the biggest crush on Philip DeFranco xDDDD
I think I wouldn't want to change it - I mean even before I knew anything about Myers Briggs, I always knew I was the artsy, creative type xD I'm even content with my personality flaws...
D; darn - I wanna invade and do this too -------------  1. Can you type without looking at the keyboard? yes ^^  2. Do you use all 10 fingers while typing? I've seen some people typing with...
I live in Virginia, and I love it here because we get all sorts of weather  extremes - so it'll be hot in the summer and it'll still snow in the  winter...and I love Virginia Beach ... it's so...
...asking for friend ^^  She's going off to college and really wants to major in English with a minor in Journalism (since she really loves literature and writing), but her mom is trying to veer...
I turned 23 just recently...on June 4th ^^
Actually, I don't like the one-on-one stuff with people; being in a crowd I don't mind so much...because I can easily hide myself in a crowd ^^
mmm...yep; type 4 is the sensitive and creative one xD
I'm a lot more open online as well. ^^ I think it's because the anxiety of talking face-to-face kind of taken away...  I know I'm not good at the emotional stuff ... but in a way I think in a way...
Are these times contagious I've never been this bored before Is this the prize I've waited for Now as the hours passing There's nothing left here to mature I long to find a messenger  Have I...
I do really think animals have them - IDK if it can really be identified as to what type exactly (since you can't question their preferences on certain things because they can't speak to you) but...
I'm into darker stuff or role-playing stuff mostly from the PS 1-2 era and the sega dreamcast xDDD  sooooooooo...  - Sonic Adventure 1 & 2 (hated every sonic game after that though -__-) -...
You should help save the forum xD
I fear I'll forever be a procrastinator. I want to get things done. In my head, I have every intention of doing stuff - but even so, I still put it off until the last possible moment...
since feeling is first E.E. Cummings    since feeling is first who pays any attention to the syntax of things will never wholly kiss you; wholly to be a fool while Spring is in the world
mmm...never tried it. xD I've heard rabbits taste greasy
...well psyc major for one xDD I actually didn't take the tests through this site, but based on all  I've read (which is quite a lot o.o), I identify with ISFP & 4w5  (even though 4w5 is apparently...
Starfruit - I've never eaten one before, but they look cool and unique *O*
I'm not exactly your type, but I'm close to it ~.^ ...while I can't say I enjoy being depressed, I enjoy my time alone (sometimes) more than spending time with friends/family. Maybe alone time...
I'm almost 100% sure I'm ISFP Personality Type (& Type 4w5/Type B)
I've had my IQ tested a few times, and I've ranged between 129-136. This is between two different intelligence levels. I'm on the higher end of the average intelligence of teachers and on the lower...
Hello!  I stumbled onto this forum only yesterday, and I hastily decided to join. So far, I've enjoyed what I've read. ^^ I'm a psyc major/writer, and I love learning more about personality types....
Everybody wants to be a cat. ~.^ *cue the Disney music* --- I sense a trend here! I've always loved cats.'"


3368: 'My art: 760617606276063
I guess I had always supposed depression came with the territory of being an Introverted feeling type. I suffered most of my life from both anxiety and depression. And pretty severe bouts of it. I...
I'm trying to figure out how to either disable my account or change my name on my account. Anyone know how to do either?
I despise movies like Sucker Punch. I don't even have a desire to see it. I love a good story, as well as appreciate beautiful aesthetics. I really enjoyed Shutter Island. I don't care for cheap...
Isn't she well known for hardcore drinking/drunkeness during live shows and providing sexual favors for the mic?? Don't get me wrong, I love Karen O and the Yeah yeah yeahs.     ...
I like this thread idea.   However, I'm not so sure Karen O is a terrific role model...
the thing was even concrete dreams, is that they are still sort of secret symbols. snow could refer to emotions, for example. and houses and buildings often refer to our self-kind of like our own...
I know two. I love them both. One of them has the most amazing sense of humor of anybody I've ever met. She keeps everyone rolling on the floor and full of tears from laughter.
The examples listed in this thread will be more on the extreme side, but you can see perhaps how lesser degrees of it may still be off-putting.
Maybe Fi under the rule of being a 4? I also have always felt as though it were connected to the Fi-Ni looping phenomena. I'm not really certain.
Yes. I've come to expect it, and feel the disorientation coming on actually. I think it's sort of switching from Se to Fi. Sometimes I just go very strongly from one to the other, as opposed to...
Absolutely! I also definitely relate to feeling of having wasted a day if I don't.   On that note, I should sign off!
Thanks for teaching me a new word Le9acyMuse! ;)  What makes me different? I'm not as go with the flow or calm as other ISFP's seem to be. Though, I try to appear calm and people somehow seem to...
When I was younger, I would often be terrified to voice my opinion. And other times, the subject at hand may be something I just never really pondered and therefore didn't have an opinion. Sometimes,...
Mom: ISFP Dad: ESFP Sister: ESFJ  My dad and sis were always very boisterous growing up. Me and mom my were more often over shadowed. She can seem like an ISFJ due to being a mother and...
Hey, I'm an ISFP with an ESFJ sister, too. How's the sister bonding going?
I wasn't pinpointing this at all SJ's. I have a couple of ISTJ and ISFJ friends that I just adore. My best friend is an ESTJ, and though we clash on occasion, obviously we care a lot for each other....
Do you guys think that the question, What do you want to be? and What do you want to do? insinuate very different things and also very different perspectives when you're a child and growing up?
this was my biggest criteria. and i had debated out environmental sciences, counseling and anthropology, before i decided to go to school to become a nurse. i still think it'd be bad-a to be a forest...
Currently, I wait tables. But I've recently begun some volunteer work in the local hospital as well. I'm going to a tech school at the moment to be a registered nurse. I tried the university thing,...
I don't have time right this second, but I'll try to look for it later... there's a great article on mental imbalances for each personality type and the loops we get stuck in right here in...
You can't be between Ne and Se, however you can be an Se with a strong Ni, or an Ne with a strong Si. I have a well developed Ni, in my opinion, and so I will often test as INFP. But ISFP always...
firedell, i think my parents have tried asking me one time if i was gay or not. really, i was just in a dry spell dating-wise. i thought it more humorous than anything.   my personal style is...
I like the modern day reference of life as a television show. I generally like to think of life as a book, and am constantly opening and closing chapters. Hopefully progressing forward and not...
two words: buddhist philosophy.   pick up a book on it.
Voodo Chile, I love flight of the conchords!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FArZxLj6DLk
that was hilarious! i just watched like ten of those!
I actually lol'ed. haha.     Ooh, I've been considering getting everyone I know to just start calling me Indy. I really like the name but can't decide if that'd be weird. When did you start...
I generally hear complaints such as: too sensitive, too cold (as in emotionally distant, which i tend to do so people can't read me so well), weird/awkward (which has really only been a complaint...
No one has anything they'd like to share to make their fellow ISFP's giggle?? :sad:  :proud: I gots one:  http://www.threewordphrase.com/saved.gif
I like to draw with pen, pencil, graphite, charcoal. Acrylics and watercolors. Yarn and string or hemp jewelry. Collages.
Strikes me as an ISFP video:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fYnfE5Cycg
Bon jour monsieur.
Hellllo, most of you guys probably know me pretty well around here by now. But anywho...  To me the best part of waking up is the morning breeze and the color of cool blue sky. Grabbing a cup of...
Appearances... someone that generally takes care of their self (health and hygiene) to some degree. I'm quite sensitive to smells and don't do to well with smelly boys. :P I'm moderately health...
I generally put writing more in the INFP realm, but that isn't to say there aren't any ISFP writers at all. I suppose it depends on the material.   I believe firedell, Le9acyMuse, and dizzygirl are...
Any of you guys have strange quirks?   I used to do this one weird thing where I'd sort of zone off staring at a wall. If there were furniture or anything in front of the wall, I'd sort of use them...
Doug Stanhope on prescription drugs, productivity, and corporate slavery.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0ZKH2PGA8g
I came home and did the dishes yesterday. But it was stacked up pretty high. I ran out of space on the drying rack and counter, so I left the remaining soaking.   My roommate got home and then sent...
Tap into your own Se!    Oooh, indestructible body, huh? You'd be like Unbreakable. You'd have to become a superhero if you were granted this wish. ;) ...
Imagine you're walking through the woods and then you come across a bear. But no mere mortal bear. This is a magic bear. And this particular magical bear grants wishes!  What would you wish for? ...
A place to ponder quirky thoughts, tell jokes, share videos and the like. :kitteh:
I don't know why, but he strikes me as INTJ.
I'm not an INFP... but can I chime in. I loooooove the Harry Potter series!  So what's the question? Which character do we identify with, or is it which character's personality are we most fond of?...
I can certainly relate here. It's weird having been called overly sensitive so many times in my life, and yet catching my self be so cold now that I'm older. Sometimes I have to purposely and as a...
Luna Lovegood is definitely xNFP.
I require maybe an hour or two of interaction a day, I'd say. But not more than that. I start itching to run away from people once I exceed that. I really do value my alone time. My interaction with...
I actually logged on to ask about Zooey being an ISFP. I saw her listed as such on the facebook ISFP group. I don't know enough about her. She strikes me as a 3w4 or 4w3.
No feeling artisans? The world would be a little less colorful and beautiful.
I've noticed that SP females in general aren't overly feminine or masculine. Not like SJ's or ENFP's who's often exude strong feminine characteristics.'"


3439: 'Actually we're both girls :happy: We've been dating for a year. We started going out right before our senior year of high school and now we're both in college. I go to a community college 20 minutes...
I just wanted to hear general opinions/advice/information on ISFP/ISFJ relationships since I (an ISFP) am dating an ISFJ. I realize that each relationship is different, but I believe that this could...
Since I've posted this, I've noticed that when I do actually get angry at someone and I can't avoid them, I shut down and give one word replies that are snappy and sarcastic, which really drives my...
I'm the same way. I hate that I get snappy/sarcastic with people because then I get more stressed that I upset someone and have to fix that on top of what I was initially stressing over.
I'm an ISFP and I've been dating an ISFJ for a little over a year now and I absolutely adore her. I really admire her strength and her ability to speak up for what she thinks is right.
I love wolves <3 I naturally get along with most animals I meet, but I have a special connection to dogs specifically. Wolves are the wild, majestic ancestors of my canine friends and I admire/adore...
1. Black 2. Neon Green 3. Blue or Purple (depending on my mood)
I just wanted to hear general opinions/advice/information on ISFP/ISFJ relationships since I (an ISFP) am dating an ISFJ. I realize that each relationship is different, but I believe that this could...
I love to write too. I try writing fiction, only I usually don't see one story through. That's probably why I'm better at writing poetry since it's shorter and isn't as time consuming.
Pets:  Butch (dog)  Marco (dog)  Polo (dog)  Loki (dog)  Faolan (dog)  Caden (cat)  Samuel (cat)  My favorite name is Deseree Rose :)
I always sleep with a million pillows and a thick blanket. I only sleep on one side of my bed and I can't sleep on my back. Also I can't fall asleep with light or the tv or music. Yes I'm different...
I like how so many people come to me for help or just for a shoulder to cry on. I love that we ISFP's are so caring.:happy:
Fear not the flame of my love's candle. Let it be the sun in your world of darkness.- Give Unto Me: Evanescence
I don't know if it's just me, but I have a difficult time letting people know that I'm angry. I mean when my friends do domething to make me mad I just sit by myself to cool off and then everything's...
My memory is weird. I can remember all kinds of stuff from months or years ago or things i hadn't thought about in a year or so but i can never remember where i put the phone five minutes ago. I...
Ummmmm..... If I knew you then I would feel loved but if I didn't I would be uncomfortable and would try to politely get away.
Agree. No really knows me. I mean I have one close friend that knows A LOT but she doesn't know everything. It's too hard to have somebody know everything about you and not to mention terrifying. My...
I write a bunch, especially poetry. I have a binder full of it, but I don't let anybody read it except for a select few people.
I'm listening to Chic'n'Stu- System of a Down Yeah I'm a weirdo.
I don't like Full Metal Alchemist: Brotherhood. I like the original way better.
I like a bunch. It's so hard to choose. Here's a list. Spirited Away Howl's Moving Castle Underworld  Titanic (really, who doesn't like this movie) 27 Dresses Van Helsing
Give me a list of your favorite anime shows. Mine are: 1. Full Metal Alchemist 2. Shakugan no Shana 3. Fruits Basket 4. H2O- Footprints in the Sand 5. Bleach 6. Black Cat 7. Ouran Highschool...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxdoKQVnRv4   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDygo7K_hF0   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxMxA2N4cqo
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Urdlvw0SSEc    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDPu0_ngA10    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kw2Ic_2XdVQ
Evanescence System of a Down Panic! At the Disco Avenged Sevenfold Three Days Grace Breaking Benjamin Within Temptation Seether Stone Temple Pilots Five Finger Death Punch
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sCkAvh50Vs
Tim Burton!!!! (The Nightmare Before Christmas, Corpse Bride, Coraline, Alice in Wonderland)
ummm..... Shania Twain- Man! I Feel Like A Woman                  Circus- Britney Spears                  If U Seek Amy- Britney Spears                  Lying Is The Most Fun A Girl Can Have...
1. Cassie- Flyleaf 2. Can't Stop the Rain- Cascada 3. Headstrong- Trapt 4. Sweet Dreams- Marilyn Manson 5. Outside- Staind 6. CrushCrushCrush- Paramore 7. Everywhere I Go- Hollywood Undead 8....
Twilight Vampire Academy Blue Bloods
Maybe something like Gothic Rock.
Another Brick in the Wall- Korn Heart Shaped Box- Evanescence Careless Whisper- Seether Word Up- Korn Shout 2000- Disturbed
Concrete Angel- Martina McBride Solitude- Evanescence Hello- Evanescence Missing- Evanescence Cassie- Flyleaf
Leonardo Dicaprio (Titanic). Yeah I'm a dork.
My best friend is an ENTJ, my opposite. My friend before I met her (i think) was an ENFP.
The Artist or Beauty Seeker.
Grey's Anatomy What I Like About You Degrassi South Park Family Guy lots of anime Loaded Dogs 101 It's Me or the Dog Animal Cops Houston
I have issues opening up to people for the fear that they won't like me for who I am. I don't value myself highly at all and I have self confidence issues.
I like all colors, but my favorite is black and my least favorite is pink.
My favorite quote is I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
i have thoughts about how to pull off the perfect murder. i find myself thinking about ways to kill someone and get away with it while i'm watching shows like CSI or Law and Order and it freaks me...
I have a major connection with dogs. I have six dogs that I brought home from the streets. Well not really. Butch was running through my backyard two years ago. I played with him for a day and he...
ummm the songs i usually connect to is Evanescence. In particular: Give Unto Me- Evanescence Solitude- Evanescence Who's That Girl- Hilary Duff Never Too Late- Three Days Grace Running Away-...
yea  i do that too. but with me sometimes its a song and other times its a band or singer. i can't remember how long i was stuck on evanescence. i still love them but now im not as obsessive. right...
I love wolves, but I can't keep one as a pet so I guess dogs. I have six dogs that I love to death; Butch (rottweiler, german shepherd, labrador), Marco and Polo (labrador and chow), Loki and Faolan...
Lately I've been feeling so invisible. No one remembers my name (except the people I hang out with), when I'm sad or upset no one notices, when I am with a different group of people they don't even...
Love the animal analogy... pretty funny but mostly true (everyone is different). Me as an ISFP, I prefer to hear about other's feelings and problems than to talk about mine. I don't like it when...
Bloody Rose Values  Love is a rose beautiful and desired but, like a rose can make you bleed deep, bloody and leaving a festering scar cut with the thorns of hindrance; every little...
To start off, I'm an ISFP so I might be of help. First, I do a lot of the same things she does. First, the part where you mentioned that she saw you talking to your friends and walked off, I do that...
As an ISFP myself I can kind of tell you what he might be thinking. First of all, it takes a lot for me to trust people, especially people I don't know well. Also, I'm always worried about what...'"


3507: 'I see and well I don't judge her I told her that it doesn't matter if she's gay,straight, or whatever it doesn't change anything she's still my friend, it's just That I am really confused on the...
She is 18 years old and just saying she has been dating since I believe she was 13-14 years old
Ok so I have my friend and she recently told me that she's gay (a lesbian) now and I say now because well, this is just something she says changed about her over the summer I don't nessacary care...
Good, good I love all types of inputs
Well I ask for a defintion because I was told once by my friend that Your soulmate is not everything you want but everything you need and I thought that was something quite true but would like to...
Do you believe in soulmates and if so what is your defention of a soulmate & do you believe you'll eventually find'em
Well yes I am in love with her and as for everything else very difficult to know how to respond but I will say this though it's not a joke and I'm not talking about being pridefull I'm talking about...
Well I am 19 and i don't know what her type is and to be honest i don't care what it is to me she's her and that's all that matters but as for what goes on she often has family probems and calls me...
How often do you swallow your pride or just put your feelings aside example for me is with my best friend I for sure know that I love her but the thing is that often she does things that annoys me...
I miss the way I use to feel about myself before I would get so much overall joy from just being me that it always felt like life was good now Im scared of going back to that of just caring again...
Have you ever experience a Hurt due to someone else who meant a lot to you and then just shut down emotionally for a long time? you see I had this just happened to me not too long ago but a big...
You know if you want to learn things about Jesus christ (pbah) you should also check out Islam since Christ is one of our prophets and someone we love very much
yes but not in a religion my family showed me I became a Muslim on my own and its great :)
here is a video that is interesting itself it has some interesting facts The Deen Show ~ It's a way of life.
you should read my reply on the first page and you don't have to take my word on it look it up it's all true the most noticeable place (in my opinion) to look it up is at http://thedeenshow.com/...
(not to sound pushy) lol but you know what's funny was that I was the same as all you guys and then I read about Islam and how the Qur'an (which has never had a single letter changed since its been...
As-Salāmu `Alaykum to all of you out there :happy: hello I just want to start with saying Peace be on to you all which is what I just typed in the beginning and I want to know what is your guys...
Do you guys like ISFPs or hate them? and if so how much
I'm bored right now really really bored:dry: I kinda ran out of ideas from the stuff i usually do to stop from being bored so wanna know from my own kind what do you guys do?
When do you guys think its the best moment to pull away or keep things to your self from other people or family?
You know another thing that bothers me is this, I have a friend who is my ex and she still likes me, she told me herself and well one thing that really pisses me off is that she would make plans with...
Yeah we care too much I have a friend who is my ex and she still likes me, she told me herself and well one thing that really pisses me off is that she would make plans with me on certain dates and...
hahahaha Country music?:laughing: well sure why not the Grammar Nazi thing I can really understand, That pisses me off
I don't dress like that usually lol http://personalitycafe.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=12753&d=1301265844&thumb=1&stc=1
I'm sorry I have seen every episode of that show and i Honestly was offended that you would consider HIM my personality I don't like him as you can see
no!!!!!! I hate him i hope he and his emo ass dies!!!
Well I apologize good sir did not mean to offend you I won't do it again:mellow:
another thing that bothers me is school I pretty much gave up on school altogether
I understand dude I am a very emotional person too as you saw from our other conversation but like me I believe it has to do with what you experienced in life, like you who hold yourself back me I'm...
lol you know I believe your right and its partly my fault I care to much for her and would forgive her for anything but my tolerance is getting thinner, and if it seems that I'm making light of the...
Oh I have done enough trust me when I say that she says she knows she can trust me but she says I can't trust you, again like I said she confuses me to no end what I also forgot to mention was that...
Manipulation...huh you know I feel at times that's what my ex has done and does she keeps telling me that she loves me and that she wants to spend her life with me she tells me all these things and,...
Yeah I don't understand people I love these talks I wanna know more I wanna expand my understanding of the world and culture. But I'm always the odd man out in life no one else finds this...
No that's not what I mean, I'm sure you do it as a form a protection so you don't end up hurt. But when someone wants to hurt someone else and would treat them as anything less then a person as if...
Yes true, what I do know and realize is that this country has lost all form of respect from me  and Just throwing that out there I don't believe that this country is not worth dieing for. I also hate...
Well it seems we can all agree with what we hate why can't I know you people in my life instead of the dumb ones I have to deal with on a daily basis.
It bothers me though that people are really so cold hearted I don't get it and it kinda kills me inside.
Well there is the fact that people use propaganda to trick the majority of the country into believing that all Arabian and Muslims are evil and want to kill us when honestly I think its the other way...
Dude awesome I'm gonna be straight up with you be my friend I believe in honestly everything you said
Do ISFP's care too much for people who don't deserve it? cause I feel, I do
I'll start I have my ex who I am good friends with now and she does things that really bother me one thing is that she gets angry at me and wont tell me why she is angry I ask her what did I do and...
didn't know there were rules, haha man I am a little happier this time especially the way I handled it usually I would beg or crawl back to her and this time when I left I pretty much said Fuck you...
Listen up... you can pour drinks on me, you can throw food at me...you can even spit on me. I'll just laugh that stuff off. But... good reason or not... nobody hurts a friend of mine!!!
Yeah I think that's for the best, she acts really weird and kind of gives me mixed signals so I don't know what to expect from her. I hung out with her and friends today and wanted to see if how far...
It's ironic because as soon as I posted this forum my ex started talking to me again. At first nothing big, but on the second day she started flirting with me a little which shocked me. Then on the...
Hello Wondering If I am the only person out there who has a desire to forgive people? As an example I want to forgive my ex-girlfriend for cheating on me and out right lying telling everyone that I...
oh my god i HATE SPORTS!! so boring
Have you guys ever felt useless or are feeling useless?
I wish my advice would have at least been more helpful I read all your posts man and no doubt it broke my heart to read It, I went through all the same things man and I thought maybe you could pull...
Well I'm just taking about him not the country but I don't care I am initialed to my opinion and its not like I am a racist or anti-Semitic so I just threw that out beacuase I wanted to show everyone...'"


3538: '#1)Thomas Barrow  Downton Abbey (#1 fave character forever!)  2)Patrick Jane ~ The Mentalist 3)Fredrik Eklund ~MDL NY 4)Damon Salvatore (TVD) 5)Andrew van de kamp (Desperate Housewives)...
Totally agree with you! If he had Ni dom that comes with Te aux (INTJ), he would be naturally more successful & more careful about the consequences of his actions!  Guess he's ISFP with Ni-Fi loop...
Interesting topic!  Mine would be ;  1)Quality time 2)acts of service 3)words of afformation 4)gifts 5)physical touch
●Hi dear INFJs, I'm asking you this question because you have Fe & probably understand these things better...  Btw, other types are welcomed too!!!...
Seems like noone likes Downton Abbey!!!:unsure: :sad:
:anyone::welcome:
Anyone?  Btw, does he sound like a feeler or thinker?
If you have watched Downton Abbey, you probebly know him! If you don't know him, I'm going to explain a bit.  It might be my own interpretation & that's why I'd rather you read his personality...
Christmas~because of the food, all the beautiful christmas colors, decorations, coffee, etc.
Musical >Spatial >Nature > Kinesthetic> Intrapersonal> Interpersonal> logic/math> Linguistic   I usually learn by doing. ...& sometimes by watching someone doing it & then doing it myself. ...
Dora, Idk, I usually borrow the DVDs from a relative of mine & I watch it on my laptop. I guess he buys or downloads them online but Idk how. I'll ask him.
My fave TV series?  -The Mentalist -Fringe -Friends -Grimm (sometimes) -Supernatural (sometimes) -The Big Bang Theory -Penny Dreadful -How I Met Your Mother (some episodes only)
I usually get attracted to ETJ ppl. This attraction can turn into anger IF they become bossy or control freaks. But usually it doesn't happen.  Usually, I see ETJs & INTJs as brave, dominant &...
The Picture Of Dorian Gray!!! (Yeah someone else mentioned it too!)  I love that novel so much! I can totally relate to Dorian Gray's curiousity, adventurousness, sensitivity, sensuality & being...
Aww thank you@The red spirit  !:happy: Actually, I think you're nice too, besides, you helped me alot in my typing thread! I'm so proud of you & other ISFPs...
Sometimes I think he's ISTP. But he usually seems like an ENTP.
meaningless &  leictreon & OTHER VISITORS ;  ■■■■ I guess you thought both type A & type B are my opinion cuz I started many of them with I .... (I'm pro-life, I'm....),  but no it was just my...
It was so creative of you to write your own version! That was cool!  I agree with you on mostvof them. I'm not really a charitable person. I mean, I try not to do bad things to others (at least...
Anyone else?
I think it makes you more of a type A. But you said if it makes sense & not because I'm compelled to, so it makes you a type A but not a strong one. Your 2nd paragraph sounds logical! a strong...
Yep, when I think about type A, XNFP & XNFJ comes to my mind & Idk why. I'm ISFP (probably) & I don't think I'm as compassionate as NFPs or NFJs.   As for your own opinion, I honestly wouldn't...
First off, I'm not saying being charitable is good, or not being that way is evil. to me these things are personal.   Anyways, I try to explain it by giving examples ;...
No, I can never be sure about that until I actually graduate & start looking for a job! Specially with my bad grades, things can be worse for me...unless I really change & start getting better...
Awww thanks everyone for continuing this thread & trying to help!!!  The clinic job ended so well. I mean I tried to work hard & at the end my boss gave me a very good grade (we need it for uni)! ...
■Thanks alot for this. Idk why, & Idk if it's just an ISFP/Fi thing or not but I can relate to this part so much.  Sometimes, something sounds really logical (to me), & I can explain it to myself...
Exactly! This was my main question! Thanks for explaining it in a better way!!!
I guess I generally sound like ISFP, but the emotion part sounds like ISTP.  Maybe I'm just a cold ISFP then?! A very cold yet sensitive one!!!  I hear that many ISFPs are so passionate and...
■that's so me! As if I wrote it myself! I usually look into ppl's faces & always want to know the reason why they treat me in a certain way. It might or m/not be true, & sometimes I misunderstand. ...
■While social norms are important sometimes, I have to confess that I usually have my own values & reasons. What I can't get is wether those reasonings & beliefs are logic-based or value-based. ...
This is exactly the part I don't understand about F/T difference. I mean, what does based on what makes sense mean in decision making?  Or...who determins wether a choice/decision is logical or...
I'm probably ISFP or ISTP.  I wish I were ENTJ or ESTP. They're more confident, more successful & more popular/well-liked. & they're leader types (IF they choose to be in a group) and they're...
Mindtraveler  INTP Psychological Euphoria E/INFJ The Lawyer ENTP
Hey guys, I'm thinking about my own type (Mostly between ISFP & ISTP).  BUT, it's also a general question I've always had in my mind.  Texts usually claim that Thinkers act based on facts &...
No, It's not my response to stress.  These are actually things that happen when I'm in a mentally & physically healthy & relaxed position.  I do these types of things when I'm me, or when I wanna...
I really loved your method of explaining this. It's also easy for me to choose just one of them...:happy:  Definitely b!!!   Just one more question related to your post,  what would an ISTP...
I'm not really good at team sports (I'm good at some & terrible at others). But I'm pretty good at single-player sports. Also, I really care about gym & bodybuiding. & I'm sorta good at dancing. ...
This is the real problem. It's not that I don't get it. I just can't say which on I am more! I'm a bit of both.  I try to be practical, do things, etc. But I'm also really imaginative. I have rich...
I don't think I'm ENFJ. I can't really explain why. Their dom Fe when combined with Ni, gives them good options like ; Social power popularity Leadership (specially insocial things like girl...
Thanks alot!!!  & just a tiny Q, how about INFP? (Do I strike you as an intuitive?)
Thanks alot!!!  But...do INFJs use enough Se (in normal situations)?
Are you talking to me?  Ok, I might also care about my appearance in others areas a bit, but it's mostly at uni (previously at school) & work.  However, sometimes it happens when I'm with not...
Anyone?
First off, thanks alot for answering!!!:happy:  2nd) So you think I'm ISTP/J.  May I ask what made you choose a T for me instead of F?  I'm just curious about it because most ppl who read my...
Hey guys!  I was previously typed as ISFP.  But due to some things, I started doubting my type a bit. Things like ;  Love of trying new things Being dreamy & imaginative Love of being...
Thanks alot for taking time & reading my thread!!!!:happy:
Hey guys!!!  Here's the story. I was previously typed ISFP, but due to some things (like reading between the lines, thinking about future, being imaginative, etc) I started doubting my type a bit....
This explanation specially this part We have an idea about what we want to achieve, but we don't know how we'll get it. makes me think I'm indeed not Ni-dom!  & I also agree with We don't think...
Very detailed and helpful!!! Thanks!
Hey guys, I'm trying to find out my true mbti(CF) type.  aside from test results, the top 3 types I think I could be are ISFP, ISTP & INTJ.  However, based on some differences, INTJ is kind of...
Thanks alot for taking time & reading my thread!!!'"


3551: 'Hard to call it an obsession, but I read everything about Moto Guzzis there is.
Deadlines. Rules set in stone. Lack of free time. Too much activity.
When you drink a bit of wine and suddenly you feel every muscle in your body, and you start to use them just to see how it feels.
I dislike dating. One, I'm very shy. Two, I don't know when I can make a move (assuming I like the girl enough).
Feed me. Fuck me* Shut the fuck up.   *apply only if female.
Dune Witcher series Satanic Verses Discworld series Sandman comic books (they do count, don`t they?) Narrenturm trilogy (not translated into english afaik, shame)  I'm a sucker for fantasy/sci...
I often get the comment that ppl can`t say if I'm serious, or joking. I also don't speak directly to other ppl's face. You can call this type of communication scrambled.
If he saw you crying, then he`s avoiding contact in order to not hurt you. Just how we work.  As for being near ISFP's in general, get used to seeing the world in grayscale isntead of black&white.
Someone like me myself. Someone I meet when our free time allows and then we make hot, sticky love. And someone who understands that little time available makes for shittty relationship.
When you break up because she wants you to be more engaged,
Meh, I need to stop drunkposting.
I'm a crappy driver when it comes to navigation. But when it comes to actual driving/riding skill I'm quite ok. Often I find myself going on auto pilot (when I know my surroundings ofc) and then my...
Sci-fi, horror, comedy, erotic, psychological, hell even disaster does it sometimes.
58961  Bam! Is there a typical isfp look anyway?
Pancakes with bacon inside? Brilliant! But how do we make them egg-shaped?
Argh now that I'm sober let me clarify - I basically meant how do we know they're this/that/what type. I read about all of them and have had enough hard time trying to figure out ppls type to just...
I just came back after a long time and something struck me as an odd thing. We talk about other types, or ourselves, when in relationships, but do we really, 100% sure know they are the type we're...
We cancel only under one condition - we're not confident. Unfortunately it happens pretty often. If he was confident he'd just sniff some speed just to be able to go out with you. Its just how we...
My dogs made me smile today. They do this everyday:) One of my clients made me smile today. Its nice to know ppl still have a sense of humour:)
Then you know that no other type than ISFP can find your weakness during 5 min convo and put a 9inch nail through it if he/she feels like it. Fortunately, we have to really hate someone to do this...
No examples, but when an ISFP makes you feel straight up bad, you know he/she is mean. Almost always you should feel as if you don`t know if our comment is a compliment or a punch. If you clearly...
Did you expect any beter of us? Well you were wrong! We may have helped you, but deep down all of us know you have an ISFP debt to pay! Expect ppl you don`t know to come to you and ask help with most...
No no no no no. Go for us ISFP's if you want peace and quiet kind of life. You are one, so I know that deep inside you know we do not lead. NEVER EVER. Unless we find ourselvez in a bunch of...
Mwahahaha MWAHAHAHAHA! Now I'm going to go places and save ppls relationships, just so they can thank me and worship me! MWAHAHAHA!
Ahhh but you do not thank the drunken me?! Now I feel underthanked! You stepped into a wrong territory unthanker!
Tbh I do not know. I've hooked up with lots of different girls. But one type I want to marry is the one who dominates over me. Well fuck.
I tend to clasify whiskey in these kind of terms. For example - scotch is black and sharp Irish is yellow/red and sharp but not as sharp as scotch (only an isfp will understand this one). Bourbon...
It is not, as long as you do not neglect your real life duties. Also, there is no way you can become a better ISFP. Why, you ask?! Well, that is because we're already the best!
Almost never. Usually I rest my head on them.
When stressed I am a 110% asshole. But usually I'm an okay dude to be around. Yes, you risk a little bit of banter but nothing psyche-scarring.
Didn`t read the whole thread, but: >scratches your head >plays with your hair These two are usually sure signs of affection among us. We tend to be pretty dumb when it comes to this, so your best...
First things first - DO NOT TALK! YOU ARE GOING TO FAIL! Now that we have this out of our way - we do not want to hear you talking. We need to think things out. And if you're just there, being there...
I got into such a situation in my workplace, but then I started to imitate that person's way of answering and in my free time gave it a  bit of thought. Seems I just don`t like some ppl but I can...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTPMbo0usFc  and    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XESreJjGx-I
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwNZdH2EexQ&feature=related
Time waits for no one.
Bomb the bass - Clear (whole album)
Listen to music and hide in my nothing box.
Not working now, though I hope to soon.    Yep that'll be me. Current options involve HR, some administrative job, forklift operator and bus driver.  There is no real dream job in my case. ...
I`d get a bike and drive it around whenever I could. Get some drawing classes. Buy myself a nice apartment. Or move to suburbs and get a corgi (I refuse to torture the poor dog by having him live...
Combination of looks and personality, with looks dominant when I`m not looking for serious relationship (duh, I`m a man). Also, smell, oh god the smell. Whether its natural or perfume, if I think...
Organisation psychology here. Fkin awesome studies. But no job for me here:/
Sounds ISFP to me:P But I didn`t read bout other types tbh, check them out too:P
Strange. My perfect mobile is an old Nokia 6310. It calls and sends sms's, and I can easily kill a person with it, what else do you need?
Does using a tie as a scarf count?:)  Yeah, sometimes I put items to use in a way that their makers didn`t think of.  Ripping out the hdd out of first gen ipod and using is as portable drive. ...
I`ll (hopefully) pass my practical test for bike license on 4th:) Aiming for Ninja or Honda VTR, both 250. Man I love bikes.
Freedom! Over all else! And yes, I can relate, so often I`ve pushed myself to the extremes just to get the things that I wanted then throwing  them away like spoiled kid that found his new shiny...
I don`t know why people dislike ISFP's, but I know why they dislike me sometimes: -always procrastinating -happy-go-lucky not caring about the future -strong need of freedom, to the point of not...
Its all about the sound, and energy and emotion it carries with it. Lyrics? I don`t really pay attention to them. But good vocal? Hell yeah! Currently listening to some ambient pieces, some glitch....
I blend in pretty well. Or at least used to. But I always had the feeling of not fitting in, and since I care less and less about putting up my mask and blending in its pretty obvious to my friends...'"


3564: 'I wish I had the sheer level of kindness that an ENFP or could offer, or empathy and understanding that an INFJ could offer...  In the end I'd rather just be myself though.
This is pure speculation on my part.  Dad: ISTJ or ISTP Mom: ISFJ
TheLuckyOne Long hair is fun, you can do all sorts of stuff with it! Dye it, get highlights, straighten it, curl it, put it in a ponytail or don't... I love it. :D
Your score: 39 0 - 32 = low (most people with Asperger Syndrome or high-functioning autism score about 20) 33 - 52 = average (most women score about 47 and most men score about 42) 53 - 63 is...
I thank you for the miracles that I see every day. I can see the influence of your meatball brains of wisdom in everything. I thank you for touching my very soul with your noodley appendages time and...
The Fe-ish traditional version of Christianity does not agree with my Fi morals at all and I find little to no logical evidence of Christianity, heaven, hell, God, or other related concepts.  I...
Hmm... I can't speak from experience, but I have thought about what a relationship with another ISFP would look like. I can't tell whether the sameness would be a good or bad thing... Supplementary...
^Me three.
My oldest, black-and-white only printer. I'm a bit concerned about the age difference. I feel like a 5 year old kid compared to it!
^That one is true for me.   For example, less than a week ago I uncharacteristically started talking to students I didn't know too well on a class field trip. (We were in a group of about 5 or...
I <3 my INFPs. I get along with them very well. I wanna give one of them a lot of hugs though because he seems pretty depressed. He reminds me of myself when I'm depressed.  As for idealism, I am...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GPApntp7xk
^That's just outright typism. Ignore that, there are many INFPs that won't judge you because you're a sensor. INFP is probably the least likely of the INs to be typist in my experience.
I don't think ISFPs as a whole are inclined to be leaders in the traditional sense, but I say go ahead and try it! You may discover a hidden well of confidence and assertiveness that you weren't able...
I <3 my INFJ friends. They're the best. Really!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXnHCc5kJlw&feature=related  One of my favorite songs~
This post was not made by Jace.  But seriously have fun! We have a lot of daydreamers here like you!
If I saw that magical bear I would wish for my friend to not be able to sense more things... He's allergic to all but a select few foods, all sorts of stuff in the air, and many animals including...
^So true. I have a shy female ISTP friend that I relate to a lot!
I write poems, song lyrics, and the occasional short story. Other than that, I don't do anything besides English projects and writing for the school paper.  I just can't create long and/or...
Nothing would change because we're all invisible.  JK, jk. In reality I think we would lose a lot of great artists, musicians, etc. The world would be a much more boring place.
I suppose I'm more feminine than your average guy. And yes, I'm gay. I've even questioned my gender identity on several occasions. I generally tend to lean towards feminine, and I will act more...
Waiting for a delayed Episode 3... What other fandom does this remind you of?
Beautiful. Love that game even though it depresses the shit out of me.
I'm Jace. Dunno how to introduce myself other than shy, nice, and kind of a geek.     Which celebrity do you get mistaken for? -When I was younger and had shorter hair, people thought I looked...
Yes, I think your MBTI type matters on here of all places. :P  Welcome! Hope you have a good time here! :)
A lot of us here aren't 100% sure. I sometimes get INFP results myself. Just continue analyzing yourself and you might figure it out in time!
My favorite emotion... Hmm, probably that feeling I get when I feel accepted and loved for all of my strengths and flaws.  My favorite negative emotion would probably be melancholy. I don't like it...
1. Artistic - I wish. 2. Rebellious - When threatened/restricted 3. Animal Lovers - Yeah. I trust my pets more than I do A LOT of people in my life. 4. Caring of others - Yes, especially my...
16 different types of hipsters?! Scary, but I think some hipster types would be better than others.  Welcome to the forums!
Hey! I'm a new ISFP too, nice to have you! Come hang out at the ISFP forums!
1. With my friends 2. On my computer 3. At my desk  EDIT:  4. Happiness
I don't think I have a best friend... I consider a few different people my best friends!  Best friends: -ISFJ, INTJ, INFJ  Close friends: -ISTP -Mature ESFP? (I don't know this one's type)...
Oversensitivity is a problem a lot of people of all kinds of types face. I forgot to mention, other types should chime in with their advice too! :)
If you're a sensitive person like me, you may find yourself hurt by what you perceive as conflict, insults, or mean-spirited jokes. Since us ISFPs are prone to becoming hurt by innocent comments, I...
You know you're an ISFP when you're afraid to post in the forums that are home to the more... abrasive types.
Oh shoot. *bah dum tish*
Uh... hi! *runs behind a tree and hugs it for safety*
24755  Bluuuuh
I cry at creepypastas (the ones that are actually good) because they're usually depressing as well as creepy.   The combination of sadness and being creeped out... Yeah, I know I'm weird.
caramel_choctop: It wasn't nearly as awkward as I thought it was going to be and I had a lot of fun!  shykind: It's to Discovery Green (a park) in downtown Houston. They have lots of events and...
Hope you can get the grocery issues sorted out, Dale!  I love my new school. It's an alternative school. I'm actually going on a field trip tomorrow, that would never happen in public school!
I feel like this alot in regard to my INFJ enemy and even my INFJ friend. (I love my friend, he just frustrates me a little sometimes)
Every now and then I find myself opening up to people I barely know... Never to strangers, though. I don't mean to do it, I swear!  I'm trying my best to be more empathetic and become a better...
^This.  -I'm too passive -I'm too passive-aggressive -I don't assert myself
I'm a gay male ISFP who has questioned his gender identity at times and sometimes tests as an INFP. Does that count? :P
Hi Ms. Rosethorn! I'm sure you'll like it here! :D
The above poster just took the words out of my mouth and made them better. Just follow your heart. Who knows, you could discover some awesome advantages to having an INFP-INFJ relationship! :)
^Hah, nice! I'm not an expert on freestyle rap but that flowed pretty well!
Yes, I'm pretty sure it is typical for us ISFPs to wait a while before opening up to people, myself included. Sometimes we never open up at all! If she does open up to you at any point that's a great...'"


3568: If any other type could 'read' me, it'd be INFJ's... you guys are similar in a lot of ways, different as well, but the same where it counts.
I like being myself... I couldn't really see myself being anything else, although I do admire qualities of other personality types that I would very much like to possess, I can't complain though.
I think it's just a part of who we are, I don't even do it intentionally... but it really affects my ability to make new friends(I was better at it at school, all my friends from school have moved...
this this this, there is no way on earth I could do it... my parents used to make me do it and I hated it(even though I liked music itself)
One thing that has been annoying me a ridiculous amount lately, bad drivers. The vast majority of people on the roads around here either drive dangerously, slowly(which in a way is dangerous as well)...
I hate public speaking, but I look after 30 odd kids twice a week... I have to speak to all of them when they are together occasionally, and I don't feel at all off by doing it in that context. I...
We like to deal with things like stress by ourselves, in our own way. Just be supportive, maybe get her a cup of tea, it'll say more than any words :happy:
Unfortunately I think you'll need to compromise in some way... there definitely is plenty of opportunities in the IT world(I'm working on getting a diploma in networking to pass the time), it'll...
Alright, lets do this another way, what do you enjoy? What are you good at? How good are your grades at school?
How much money are we talking here? No matter the amount (in my opinion) you should do what you enjoy, and can see yourself still enjoying in 5-10 years(I went down the other road, studied...
I dunno... I can put on an act for work which is similar(at a school, if I didn't I would get walked over), but frankly I don't really enjoy doing it. I'd much rather be that really nice person who...
This is true, I'm not as good friends with a lot of people from school as I used to be... which honestly is a shame, they are all nice people. I think it's because they have all grown up quicker than...
One question here: I know I can't label a person by his personality type, but if any of you ISFPs were in this situation, would you be burdened that someone cares about you? Like you are obligated to...
But if I care about it a lot I will defend it/myself... doesn't happen all that much though :unsure:
The thing is, half the time we don't really know what we are feeling :frustrating:   RainShower  He is disconnecting from you because he doesn't want to get hurt(it's something we do, a lot), I...
http://www.politicalcompass.org/facebook/pcgraphpng.php?ec=-4.50&soc=-1.54  Apparently I'm pretty much Ghandi :laughing:  Interesting stuff, but my political view tends to change with the...
Depends what sort of music, but generally soundcloud and youtube is a good start... if they are set up properly they are great for exposure(if someone googles your name they are the first things to...
Still happy I did it :proud:
I want to live in a big city... just seems like a great idea in my head, I've never really lived in places with lots of people :sad:
This this this, don't be afraid to tell him what he is doing is annoying you... he may not appear to react well, but he should try harder to not ignore you next time(I would).
Not as much as I used to... definitely still daydream almost constantly though, keeps me thinking, I'd hate to stop thinking :proud:
I was actually diagnosed with it when I was really young(I know I'm not the only ISFP here that was diagnosed with it either), now that I've read into personality theory a heap I think it's more...
I think I'm the first sensor to post here... um, depends what sort. If it's harmless(like huntsmen, they look really scary but they are completely harmless) then it's welcome in my home(even if they...
Dodge ball is a regular occurrence on weekends for my employment(looking after kids is great!), when I play with them I do exactly as you describe... makes me think, we'd probably be great guerrilla...
Nice video! Interesting about the 'not sharing anything that's mine', I'm guessing this is one of the cases where our upbringings differ... I grew up in boarding school, so to survive you had to...
My god it's great to see some sun again... this is the most consistently rainy summer/early autumn I've seen! How is the rest of Australia doing? I hear it's cooler down south...
I have pretty much turned into what your friend is, but I only have one friend(everybody else in my life sorta are acquaintances), and I get to see him twice a year(if I'm lucky). The thing is, I'm...
Saw a kid I used to look after today, cutest smile ever(from her, not me! I wouldn't call my own smile cute... who do you think I am!).
And now his latest album has been pulled from spotify, urgh :dry:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9doh1or3Rc0
I don't think it's that we can't lead, it's just that we generally don't want to. As far as I've found we are quite suitable in leadership positions(we can be incredibly empathetic while being able...
Well I thought I'd do the same :laughing: https://dl.dropbox.com/u/26454501/DSC_0012.JPG  My mirror was rather dirty... looked cool though :happy:
Bad habits? Procrastination, ignoring people when I don't feel like socialising, forgetting to do things(all the time), I'm sure there are plenty of others. I could list a few good habits but I'm in...
Until it gets to a point where it's too messy to bear, then you go and clean everything up in one go. I seem to be doing that every two weeks or so now... same goes for taking out the rubbish, I just...
It seems us ISFP's have similar problems... definitely relating to all the serious posts here, which probably isn't a good thing :sad:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kjpZ_sPxzc
Well we have the same functions, just in the opposite order... I guess it makes sense, we just don't have the arrogance of them :laughing:
ISTJ, we compliment each other... not perfectly, but he is the only one who can get me out on a weekend :laughing:
I don't really do this consciously, I have done it before once or twice though... it's like slipping into a cross between a daydream and a dream(obviously not real but you feel everything). Must just...
Not just mine, it's collaborative! I suggest you try it out sometime, think of it like a canvas with multiple people painting :proud:
I'm not sure if this was the best way to go about it, not all of us own wacom tablets(which would make this incredibly easy, ISFP's should have them more than most types tbh), and not all of us have...
I'd have to say yes... I have a fair bit of knowledge on pretty much everything but programming and networking. Sometimes I question why I've spent so much money on technology :laughing:
ISFP here, I used to be really bad with it... these days however I don't do it much, if at all. I'm at the point now where I can comfortably cut my fingernails off most of the time, it definitely was...
Oh yes, they are out there... but you can say that for any type really, we are just considered a 'nicer, more childlike' one therefore it's less expected.  It's scary because I know I can do this,...
Essentially this, I'm in this position with someone currently actually... I'm not saying no at all(I'm still being as nice and polite as possible), I'm just trying to avoid her. It's probably...
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/26454501/art.jpg https://dl.dropbox.com/u/26454501/art1.JPG  Flockdraw is fun :laughing:  Edit note that most of the above isn't all my artwork, it's all created by...
We are emotionally explosive to begin with anyway, when our emotions hit us they hit us rather hard. Being an unhealthy ISFP would add the chance of not internalising it like the rest of us...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxX2pCQ1wFo   Listen to this a few times on a loop, it's amazing... loving game soundtrack music currently :happy:
Give us a comfortable situation and a topic we are happy to talk about and you can't get us to shut up :laughing:
My. God. Your level of boredom must've been this high *holds arm up signifying how high that is*
This is true... you are essentially comparing a perfectly healthy member of society(Michael Jackson in his earlier years) to someone who has essentially gone through hell(Eminem in his earlier..."


3626: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jR6iLm4E8qg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmf9aSoO7b8
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxVCQth00AA  They played this song in the encore of the concert I attended last night. The whole evening was a truly spiritual experience.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFXcfEQ2Gv0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HL5VUqnfmEw
Wow.... that is an incredibly powerful song. It conjures some brilliant imagery in my head, to be sure.
I get choked up listening to EITS often. They evoke a lot of emotion with their 'cathartic mini-symphonies'. This song in particular gets to me, but that's mainly because there is a powerful memory...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxFe8rRHawg
My first girlfriend whom I dated for 3.5 years was an ENFP. At the moment I have a very close female ESFJ friend who I believe is attracted to me. I also seem to tickle the fancy of a coworker who is...
Those are some wonderful photos. Especially the 2nd to last one, I love how the street lamp is casting the long shadows out onto the snow.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hk3tURx8a2Q
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VvB_UmmIzk
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=keKBNK5Vox4
Keeping with the recent Bon Iver trend...   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIluBvQ77Bk
Only one out of the eight-ish people I've shown this to even cracked a smile, whereas I crack up every time. Tim and Eric's brand of humor is a rare one that a minority of people understand/enjoy. I...
No problem :o) J Mascis does guest vocals on a few songs on And The Glass Handed Kites. Too cool.  Message me when you run out of stuff to listen to, I will bombard you with recommendations!
You are totally right! They kinda have a weird Mr. Bungle vibe. You should check out And The Glass Handed Kites and Frengers, both are spectacular albums from start to finish. Mew rules.
Beautiful song, beautiful video. I believe this was shot in Iceland. So magnificently gorgeous.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JivyfFkWsBA
Catching up with 2 old, dear friends made me smile today.
My nightly walk. A time to recover and gather my thoughts. Just me and the stars! (Except tonight, I am currently in rural Southern Oregon and a little bunny rabbit decided to come along with me for...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OW44CXXgWAM  A bit haunting... This is a perfect song for the soundtrack of my imagination.
I mentioned this in another thread, but in terms of beauty, something that really strikes a chord in me are photos of snow-covered locations at night. There is something so appealing to me about it....
Hey guys, I am planning on backpacking through Europe with a friend of mine who is an ENFJ. We get along great whenever we hang out but I'm just worried about having to be around her 24/7 for several...
YES! Give me more! I found myself coming back and listening to that new Squarepusher song numerous times throughout the day today. So good...  You should PM me a list of specific songs or whole...
Maybe it's just me, but I really like pictures of snowy places at night. It's a little eerie and I love the contrast of the dark sky and the white ground. I just want to jump inside this picture and...
You know you're an ISFP when...  You lay down $95 to get the soundtrack of your favorite video game imported from Japan...  You usually prefer instrumental music over music with lyrics...  A...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2B60EMlp0Q
I think you may be a type 5 also, you sound incredibly similar to myself and I am a type 5w4. Just my two cents!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-rvJsH_WcU
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-rvJsH_WcU
Wow, this is great. Honestly, I never really gave electronic music a chance before you messaged me about Squarepusher the other night but this is great stuff. I love the technicality, it's fun...
I live in Portland and it is the perfect environment for an ISFP, in my opinion. The coast is 2 hours to the west, the mountains are 1 hour to the east, and there are lots of beautiful places...
I pretty much just wear the same outfit every day: a pair of jeans and a t-shirt (most likely just a random one that I found at Value Village). I also only own one pair of shoes, slip-on Vans because...
I often deal with this feeling of inferiority as well, especially when I'm talking with people who are skilled conversationalists. I never speak up when there is something to be said and get left in...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veqZc8pNz-4
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBDD3KCsasA&feature=fvst
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ut1Rg24Nmr8
I struggled mightily with nerves as well. I would be so nervous before a show that I would have to go throw up in the bathroom right before we went on! The nerves aren't really an issue for me...
Lots of things make me laugh... Inside jokes, anti-comedy, sarcasm, irony, dirty jokes, etc... My favorite comics are Tim Heidecker and Louis CK.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNcXo7_b9M4
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_PswgsM3gE
Me being silly when I was 18 and beardless...  http://i454.photobucket.com/albums/qq263/jaymond00/69344_443213871748_517736748_5334337_3341905_n1.jpg  Here's me a few years ago with a raging face...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8H-h-3nDOg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrsqPyXXIgQ
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwsJnQD3dcc
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eehzvucntk
http://eborg2.com/Revelation/Rev06/Falling%20Stars.jpg
http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3478/3177175561_52c7ab289b_z.jpg
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_afk-Egip2qY/SPbJeqN1QUI/AAAAAAAAA-w/esh5qsPeeL0/s400/portlandMtHood.png"


3651: 'You can read my obituary when  it comes out. :wink:
Good advice. Thanks!
Thanks for responding. I wasn't talking about ethics so much as my ability of reasoning. I fear that I could do bad things, despite that I know these things to be truely unethical, because I've lost...
by  insane I meant psychopathic, that is that I might be acting out my behaviors against my better judgment. In this sense I believe this rationality to be rather dangerous as I continue to loose...
:rolleyes::frustrating::dry::rolleyes::angry::mellow:
x
double pst sry
I've tested to be very right brainded so i suppose they correlate
...:laughing:
I had to laugh to myself when I first read your comparison of me to your nephew. A very astute comparison, and a pretty good characterization of what I was when I was 19, and I didn't get my license...
Err, no I can't say I'm decisive in the way you explained. I'll admit that I'm pretty confident in my Se, but it doesn't take a lot to ruin my self esteem. For example, I'm condident that I can do...
It's pretty nice to have the ESTPs figuring out all the minute details.:tongue:
Thanks for responding. I think my main point that I was actually trying to bring up was the line that I had italicized, They are decisive. Right now I would have to say that indecision is my enemy....
I'm pitifully bad at MBTI but I've confidently typed myself as an ISFP. I feel like I can empathize with you guys a lot and most of the descriptions of our type describe me pretty well. Cognitive...
Are ISFP less sexually permissive? I have no idea how much casual sex most people have, but I've rarely put out and I've always faltered from my approach.  Are ISFP very monogamous? I value the...
ESTPs. You can abandon them on a deserted island fir days without a second thought. They're actually really nice though
And voi là, you have a type.
SSSniperwolf is an ISTP because the character that she is cleverly referencing, Sniper Wolf, is an ISTP.
I love ISFJs, but they're too fragile compared to ISFP. I find it much too easy to hurt their feelings, plus I don't always recognize where they're coming from with their grievances leaving me to...
My cats would probably kill your ENFP fish. They're usually nice, but they seem to have personal issues with ENFP fish and will often terrorize them.
four cats ESTP, black cat, likes to snuggle your faces together, about 2 years old I think. INFP(god help me), black english-shortnose bombay, likely a sibling to the other ESTP(impossible to...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhnkD7YxJ1s&feature=player_detailpage
Mostly hot and cold I think? Might romanticize everything? I heard that ISFPs can have allot of emotions about their partner.
I don't think you're giving us much credit for our Ni. ISTPs can be very visionary as well I'm told.
ISFP feelings can be pretty convoluted and messy but I'm sure this girls remembers you fondly as a friend.
x
I have little patients for the crooked values of Fi, and the unhealthy, self indulged ISFP's that impose their values on others. I find Fi to be very backwards thinking most of the time.
trying to be more self aware of how unaware I am can cause me to become even less aware of what I'm actually supposed to be paying attention to. Needles to say, I have a very short attention span.
x
I'm very uncomfortable in the domain of other people's home. I'm caught of guard by offers of foods or other comforts and instictively and promptly refuse them. I feel like I need to be more careful...
x:dry:
Interesting. Honor (in this case a matter of one's own noble reputation?) isn't something that I think I've ever really valued in myself. Ofcourse, as a result I was bullied allot as a kid. infact...
A ENTP or ENFP, maybe ESFP?
Don't be sorry, I was just speaking from my own experience with ISTJs. Any type can act adversely to violence, but I just thought that because of your Si and from the ISTJ people I know that physical...
It's possible I suppose. The main factor to consider is that he was bullied by his peers. I would imagine that most ISTJs would run from a fight, it's just the more logical course of action. But then...
To answer the question; no. My mother fucking flips out when she thinks she'll be late for something. she'll forget about other people's feelings and focus on her own crazy, stressfilled inner...
perhaps I misconstrued what you were trying to say. I apologize.
Just for clarification, Are you trying to assign values to MBTI types?
You don't know me I'm afraid. I've done some pretty cruel things that I still won't apologize for because of my own personal hatred. I wasn't really giving you much credit for your virtues - I was...
My list would be too long. :( Auron (Video Game Character): ISTJ, ESI, giant, cleaving katana wielding, one arm badass with some of the most outrageously awesome emotional episodes I've seen in a...
Isfjs I know of tend to be pretty quirky until they become elderly, and then they just become really nice old people. my ISTJ father was extremely reserved in his school days, and aparently would...
I genuinely think you are giving me more credit than I deserve but thanks for the warm sentiment.
I have to call you out on this. my mother is an ISTP, and she has spent most of her life independent of any social contact, to the extent that most people would consider unhealthy, for the purpose of...
Thanks for the advice, but it looks like I'm stuck with only those two options for my spring semester college course. I'll need to look into Visual Basic more as well, because there more than one...
eh not really. I said that  I occasionally do stuff at a homeless shelter, but other than that nothing remarkable, ethically exemplary. the person above sounds more nice than me.
x
Ignore this redundant thread I made unwittingly without checking to see that their was already a a thread with the exact same name. If it strikes your fancy you should go look far that thread...
What should I study; Visual Plus or C Sharp?
If you still have any questions about what this is about, this is a thread where you answer my simple question: What pisses you off about ISFPs?  I saw a similar thread in INTP forum that was...
x'"


3686: 'To her imaginary friend, Sue. It was kinda creepy at first, but I got used to it : )
I've seen and experienced this with some ENTps. The questioning is fine. I actually go deeper on some topics. From an ISFp view, why don't you discuss things that are more practical? And come to a...
I've observed the same.     You're a guy, but how long should that time take? An ENTp girl I'm dating is doing the same thing, needing to be respected and comfortable, though she's already...
wow. you are easily manipulated by a little eunuch. and also do not read well.   all i am saying is that some do not type correctly at first. that is all. i didn't even ask anyone specific to...
uhh.. are y'all sure y'all have your daddies and mommies right? and not associating him with 'masculine types'? and her with 'feminine types'?  when I first started mbti I did pappy wrong.  if...
Oh gawd. You two tickle me to tinkle. What a FABULOUS duo.  Here's some corny giggles:  Peter Pan Alex, instead, you should tell Neko to Take a chill pill :crazy:  Neko, do you really want a...
Sad feeling =! depression. Sad feeling + drugs = fucked brain --> continual depressive state.   Until you stop taking drugs, I will label you Mutant ISFP, not cool like the Ninja Turtles.
i wanted to post that a while ago.   (i'm thinking that isfps aren't really depressing as we are 'mood contagious'.)  you are entj. you have no emotions to feel depression.   now leave and be...
The ones in the insane asylum or bums on the street weren't a significant portion of the population. The WHO figures you gave are skewed or do show a harmful global trend occurring. In any case these...
Weak argument. Your mom did crack when you were in the womb or you were poorly raised/developed.  Don't procreate. Assuming you'd find a mate, the child may not fair any better.    You know...
You suck on pharmaceuticals for depression... Your previous 80,000+ year ancestry didn't require them. Why do you need them now?  You use statistics as an excuse to under think and so over think in...
It works and is how many ENTPs imprison their own lives.  ['I'm lonely but my cognitive powers will take me out of any bad situation. I don't need people because that's when I thrive.']    Not...
I'm not blaming it because we're weak on logic or should be using it more. Rather, that when you find yourself feeling bad, the tiredness and fatigue of it all should quickly tell you why. Being IN...
I've observed two ENTPs that aren't really insecure but have bouts where they dread their loneliness. A third, I feel foolishly, rationalized his way out of healthy relationships for the rest of his...
I'm a little frustrated with socializing on forums at the moment. There's a missing element going on but may I ask your ages and what makes you depressed?  I find depression is REALLY foolish and...
I have a little brother your age. You can call me names. but wtf do i do? It's like if YOU went to a kindergarten and thought you were a badass.  I mean I saw the picture of you. You're really...
Come now... I'm creative and enjoy a good imagination. Change minor details so you're untraceable. I will take any and all blame~
No. Search for other posts where I'm actually helpful. That's where.  shrilly, high pitched = teen  ,  frustrated = sexual identity  be true to yourself and you will have no problems in life....
A fantastic ENTP friend of mine has enlightened me on the ways he will strategically wage war on the female heart and mind. On a college girl it involved grand strategies (time spent on befriending...
Interesting. Socionics Alpha Quadra. All four.
I'm famous.  Maybe it's my recent raging hormones. Maybe the moon is in the right phase. Maybe it's my gay roommate who's secretly influencing me. Maybe I've been really horny recently. Whatever...
1st girlfriend was an ISFP. She is now my close girl friend.  Relationship highlights (then): - we sucked at logic. whoever had the better logic won. - boys and girls mature in different ways at...
I'm ending this tomfoolery. The depressed OP is a teenage (18) boy who has a shrilly, high-pitched voice and can't decide if he wants to come out of the closet. This 'frustration' is the reason why...
The T-Rex 8D thing sounds way cooler.   Changing the past life. No, I've lived a pretty awesome, colorful life, so the answer has always been no to this question. But the strange thing is I do get...
murderer: you could see the guy/girl that's really stressed out and cooky. did you see pics of the guy who shot up the Giffords lady?  talent: you could see how socially talented a person is by...
i noticed i have a short attention span. if i had sex with the new girl much of the ill-will emotions from the ex would/should have already passed. i definitely still would have quality feelings for...
that's actually kinda alright and 'cute'. but still really flamer-ish. your nickname will be flameboy.  are you of the type that comes out of closets?
INFP males are the depressing ones and are pretty obvious about it in their appearances and posts (pleading guilty) here...  In a crowd we're awesome. Alone, I'm not really ever depressed. I'm...
Kudos for growing confidence balls.  I don't think it's possible to have a good platonic friendship. ISFPs like to bond on a personal level. We don't enjoy impersonal relationships strictly via the...
How if you practice this MBTI/Socionics voodoo long enough you can start identifying people relatively fast. But it requires you to look at Static traits (via pictures) and Dynamic traits (movements,...
I's agree it has some effect. I've always had this loose thought that strong Christian ethics in America is actually the cause of frustrated pedophiles, rapes, etc. In other cultures, this is NOT the...
You're a confusing lesbian, yes.  -I like dead baby jokes.  -2girls1cup.com made me laugh hard.  -I laugh when movies based on real life events have interesting, action-murder scenes. -The...
I can kind of relate.  Does anyone here ever feel drained after a long day?  Not only tired physically, but emotionally?  I consider myself a very kind person.  I want to help people and understand...
Yes. Yes! Thank you, so F***ing much!  I'd add to this by suggesting to read thoroughly many Type Descriptions and Poster Comments to see how you relate. You will find your type this way.  ...
wow. you're black but your head structure's the same. similar brows, cheeks.  i'm of the belief there is a correlation between looks and type.
istj women: are not women. infp guys: melancholic. intp guys: unfixable losers. estj women (never befriended a male): workaholic nature makes them not sexy. enfj women: sensitive. can be secretly...
I'm confused. Are you making a case against what I said? Or just being randomly philosophical?  My policy of understanding is moving on and has the added benefit of practical experience.
what the hell, man? i'm a guy. how is your joke funny?
Wait. Forgiveness is stupid. I choose to understand. I'll spend quite a while and a lot of effort to understand. This way I'll not really need to hold a useless grudge. I also learn from the conflict...
ENFPs are fun. I have a casual relationship with one right now. But the longterm forecast shows a no go.
#1,4 out of 5 are iSFp. I'm the Oldest.
Denied.   Not a guilt trip fan. The only time it's ever used is during fights. Even then it's annoying cause you have to pull back from memory instances you could use to force guilt.
Some days I like eating fruits, yogurt and nuts only. It leaves a fresh clean feeling.  Some days I love a fat steak, medium rare. It hits the gut just right.  For quick occasions fast food hits...
Are ISFP less sexually permissive? No. I'm dirty and have had a sick, twisted mind - at home (in every room and on every furniture piece possible), religious places (i will burn in hell), nature...
I will post in others if:  - I hugely agree with what someone is saying. - or, no one has made an observation that I've seen/experienced. This may involve hate, awesomeness, relationships or...
Good enough for me to agrees.   For the timid(?) guys (I came up with this advice for my little brothers on good clothing): People immediately JUDGE you via two ways 1.) your looks 2.) the way you...
I love all women that are true to themselves. This usually excludes ugly women. They just don't develop well.  Appearance:  -Clothing Style: If you can pull it off, you're fine. I prefer elegance....
I stare at myself nude in a 6'x4' mirror every morning. Thanks for telling me why.
Holy mudafukin shit.
I feel like I was at a AA meeting and gave way to the next speaker, that is Clever Waffle -- Doctors say you can't have a beer with a little Vicodin but what happens if you don't have any water to...'"


3704: 'An amazing live performance by John Mayer (watched on Youtube) made me smile today.:)  As well as some nice people.
I love reading and music. My self-expression is mostly through writing, poetry. I probably want to start writing short stories soon.
I think it's that we don't know what we're thinking, yes. And that leads to feelings that seemingly pop out of nowhere. And one of the things the ISFP spends his whole life doing is trying to makes...
Not being able to find the right words is a common problem for me. My vocabulary is average, I enjoy reading, but if I want to communicate anything more than small talk it difficult for me.   What...
I have never been much of a thinker... I don't take my time to analyze things overly, at least as far as I can tell. My analysis of myself in these questions really tired me out, it's usually an...
Should we amass what we think are the perfect real life examples of each type?   Does anyone else have any ideas?
1. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
Ahh I wasn't aware  And thanks for introducing me to that website, I put something i wrote in it and it said I write like  James Joyce...  lol
He's a writer, and probably a genius... listen to his college commencement speech: This is Water. It might change your life.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFt7EzpsZQo  I'm thinking INFJ,...
Thanks guys...   I think ISFJ does sound a bit more like me to me
I Think this sounds very ISTP... sorry about the boring response lol but i'm not skilled enough yet at typing to say anything else, I see the thinking, sensing, intuition, and feeling :P
hey, I'm sort of having doubts about me being dominant Ti and inferior Fe, so this is another questionnaire just to check  0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For...
If so, how did they go? Did you finish them? You should link them!
playful ribbing, how is this possible for an executive ENTJ...  ESFP
I think this all sounds pretty thinking, have you looked into like INTP and INTJ??
SEI - WSWiki  Maybe she could relate more with that one? I'm not sure why she would but it's the same ethical sensory and introvert only sensory and ethical are switched
that;s the first time I've ever seen SJ not put in hufflepuff lol
YOU CANT TELL ME WHAT TO DO DAsfITFIJAFIJSFJOAEUFLHEJAFgsdGHDG
Yeah, I guess girls have estrogen and guys have testosterone, so it's going to create different behaviors regardless of what functions you prefer
i can try but it's probably not gonna be accurate at all lol    Maybe this is Fi?    perceiving
The ocean is a huge blue expanse of water that goes as far as the eye can see  what does this mean lol
I just wait for a gap in the conversation, if one never comes I usually wont say anything lol
esfp = he loves music, is always the life of any social gathering lol. Very witty, and very right-brained. infp = really intelligent, introverted, follows his values closely, enjoys drawing and...
Holy crap yeah are non INFP's allowed to post here?  I love taking my dog for a walk on a nice evening while I listen to podcasts on my ipod lol
Matt Bellamy is definitely feeler I think if he writes most of the songs and lyrics. They are all very based around values I think. I would think he's an introvert. I think he's p because most...
When you have things to do to better yourself as a person but just end up browsing the internet playing video games and eating junk food...
I think I would like to be sorted into Hufflepuff... it may not be the most popular but JK Rowling herself said it should be the house everyone strives to be more like :P
please stop flirting with people you're not into ENFPs it can mess with people xD
I checked the ISTP page...   Their sense of adventure and desire for constant action really doesn't sound like me xD  but I guess that's just a stereotype lol  edit: maybe it does actually...
I'm thinking ISFP   I see a lot of Fi I think
Maybe this is right actually
I think good old Luigi is probably an ISFJ lol  Or maybe ISFP
This sounds more like INFP than INFJ I think because of all the introverted feeling
this really sounds like infp to me  Fi = wanting to be yourself, not wanting to be a sheep, also wanting to be accepting of everything. Ne = enjoying to think and dream for fun, your idealistic...
I feel like I've changed a lot over the last few months, so I think I'm gonna fill out another questionnaire!   1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type?  I'm not sure,...
Look at my type and you'll know
I know that there is an extroverted types for each extroverted cognitive function, Te is ESTJ and ENTJ, Fe is ESFJ and ENFJ etc. and I'm sort of interested how each extrovert acts, according to their...
I am an SJ   lack of creativity  makes me really sad
I got INFP when I first took a test, and the description matched me pretty well, but according to cognitive functions I'm pretty sure I'm an ISFJ
Sensors can't be intellectual, or have novel thoughts/ideas
JK Rowling's new book is awesome, I thought it would be fun to type the characters in it :P   Here are my guesses:  Andrew Price: ISTP  Stuart Wall: ENTP  Krystal Wheedon: ESTp
Ah, ok, I think i understand now...  Thank hornet :P
As such, MBTi is science. Just like quantum mechanics  idk about this statement. Astrology attempts to predict things as well.. but it isnt referred to as a science
I've been thinking about this lately. Does MBTI have any sort of scientific proof? Is there definitely such things as cognitive functions like Si Se etc, and how do we know that types like INTP or...
How does this profile fit your personality?  Socionics Types: SEI-ISFp  socionics flips the P and J for introvert types, so this socionics ISFp has the same functions as an isfj  It really...
infp, because clouds i guess = dreaming
ahh ok, thank you. then isfj I guess. It was main'ly the descriptions of the isfj i ws reading that put me off it, but I find that all the functions match up, so that's what I am:P
I'm really not sure. I found that the personality type that fits me best isnt even actually MBTi but socionics one called SEI, sensory ethical introvert i think.   Socionics Types: SEI-ISFp  That...
Thanks, ISFP it is then :P
For a long time I was denying being an ISFP becasue I really am not that talented at art and creativity. The only thing I can remember doing is making a clay elephant in art class that vaguely looked...'"


3710: 'Still no answers? No one has A.D.D? lol
Left Handed.
Hey guys, it's been awhile since i last talked on here, but let's get to the subject at matter..  When I'm not on my A.D.D. medicine, I don't feel as creative as when I am on it. I don't feel very...
Mmmm, some of the time, but most times no. I can have a good conversation over skype with a friend about art or a concept such as religion to see their views and compare it with mine for insight into...
Look for the ones with the F's and D's in math class (lol, that's me unfortunately) I take A.D.D. Medicine so i actually may counter act some of that *constantly looking around at stuff* That many...
Yeah, i'm pretty sentimental with stuff, but i don't keep boxes of stuff, rather just a few things that bring back good memories.
I still go on rants and get mad at people, but it tends to be all inside my head and not disclosed to anyone else. Many times people would never see me mad, because most of my judging is taking place...
Sometimes I act abit too nice for my own good. But usually I don't have problems because i don't do anything to anger people. But some people like to start stuff to amuse themselves. I think because...
Yeah, where did you end up going? Jiffy Lube and Auto Zone both should supply free engine light diagnosis (I'm not 100% sure if that's the same as Engine Diagnosis) Never heard of Car X before, as a...
Yeah, it probably wasn't the wiring that was the cost, it was the labor, unless you didn't add the labor to the bill you listed. Spark plugs is usually about 10 to 20 bucks. 250 dollars for a few...
I see and understand where your coming at, but at the same time, I don't think this has to do with racial or sexist terms. I don't think i'm racist or sexist simply because my brain tells me what I'm...
We ISFP's, a close cousin to the INFP, also has a large penis, but we also have 1 overly large nipple.
No doubt I'de be a potato in a plate of Fish and chips. The thick starches and plump grains of the potato combined with the smooth and salty taste of the fish will push anyone back to the days of the...
Pretty close to you to be honest, I love hugging my friends whom I love dearly. I do try to spend quality time with the people I love, but that's abit obvious, if I like them why wouldn't I spend...
I can relate to Serenesam, considering I really only have liked white women - but I wonder if this is because I am a fully white guy who was raised by a white mother and white father and have had all...
I'm watching you tube videos, listening to music on sound cloud, and typing on Personality Cafe. :D
Considering I know Random IRL and know what he's talking about, our school is incredibly boring. But the other thing is that we are both incredibly not boring. No one revolts if the school is doing...
The first time you meet someone, knock em' the f**k out with a brick. They'll love you forever.
You may want to fully join the field, carpenter is a dieing breed that is still needed, and probably always will be. No one want's to work outside and do physical work anymore, that means the pay is...
Yeah, the craziest part? I got the virus from a minecraft skin listing software on Minecrafts main unofficial forum, and my computer would barely work in safe mode, and at got to the point that the...
^This. But you may need to learn abit about Linux Ubuntu before you start using it . I had an MBR (Master Boot Record) virus on my computer before and it demolished my hard drive. Even after I tried...
Pretty much the entire soundtrack from Dragon Quest 8. Amazing! :D <3. *Complete nostalgia*   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NWq2C5zGtg&amp;playnext=1&amp;list=PL82E446FBBE28 ...
I believe that companies that take advantage of a huge population of animals inhumanely, (for example, chinese workers breaking foxes' necks and killing them from anal electrocution for their furs)...
I can agree with some of the things on this list, but I can disagree with other things. I am unsure as to who you are defining, ISFPs or ESFPs, as I can see them as pretty different in some cases....
Oh yeah, seeing nature is definitely a must have, like, i could NOT live in a place with no windows or anything. Our desktop which i always use is facing our glass doors to our deck and I always look...
This is actually quite an interesting thread, as my house's kitchen has been/is being renovated for the last 3 weeks, and it will continue for the next few weeks. My fridge's pump that makes the ice...
I'll be more quiet, and somewhat distanced. I may try to talk to someone else to make myself feel better.
Someone who is caring and loves me for who I am. Someone who I can see is going somewhere in their life, people with dreams and aspirations, people who have passions, just as I do. But something I...
Hey, congrats! You made the right choice. Ever since I've learned manual about a year and a half ago, i've enjoyed driving my car, and every time i take it out, it's just a blast to do, no matter...
I definately recammend you buy a manual. It is VERY fun to drive a car knowing you have full control over it. Few reasons why you should. 1. Manual cars are cheaper than automatic cars because you...
Man, I thank god everyday for my ENFJ friend. They always are encouraging, and genuinely want you to succeed. It's so great. I can never tell my friend enough how much he means to me :')
Yeah, I've heard a few words tossed around when I was alot more shy. But my best friend really helped me open up abit. We often times feel most comfortable stepping back and just watching whats going...
I think people just really don't care that much. The more light you have, the better you see, and it is just customary to keep it at full brightness. You already said you didn't particularly care...
ENFJ, my best friend is an ENFJ and he's super awesome in everything. But I do like myself quite abit. ^^
Subway. Eat fresh.
Hmm, let's see. Well when I first got my drivers license (I'm presuming your not talking about permit) I was still learning how to drive the manual car my dad bought for me, so it wasn't for a few...
Hmm, they may be better in school, may seem abit more psychic, but alot of the creative aspects of Ni may have a stable background in the ISFPs.
I sort of agree with the guy who said that you should stop over analyzing things. Why does it matter whither or not we are in relationships? Alot of ISFP's aren't in any relationships and are...
I think the reason she mentioned ISFP's is because you wrote in an ISFP thread and she's saying what she personally does, and hoped you would relate to her answer as a (Somewhat similiar) ISFJ, lol....
I was reading through everything you just wrote and constantly drew you as being an INTP as well.
See, the difference is I have Bi-polar, so it will affect my mood system, not my personality. Everyone is capable of getting that mad, it's just easier for people with Bi-polar.
My Stress is abit as yours, except I have A.D.D, A.D.H.D (They are basically a package) and Bi-polar from my father. So my list goes..  Negative Stress:  1. I procrastinate (as you do) and begin...
Also, my best friend who is an ENFJ is a big planner of things, and we both do a sport together after school, but i'm really bad with time management and stuff, and this time EVERY YEAR for the past...
Omg, I toooootally understand you. I have seen some ISFPs on here that say they are very untidy which surprised me, because I'm very tidy and neat, but i don't see being tidy as our problem, like,...
? Any opinion?
It's mostly about where I live. Virginia has millions of taxes for everything, lol. I want to be close to home as well, but I want to make sure I have a good amount of money to keep close to family...
I enjoy basically everything a ISFP enjoys, I'm currently a 4th year graphic design student in high school, and I truly love it, but It's just too low paying of a job for me to want to do for the...
Honestly one of my favorite songs ever, I'll probably still love this song in 10 years, just cause it's so bumpin'. XD ...
My 2nd best friend is an INTP and he can be so opposite of what I think  of that it can create some great conversations just to learn his  contrasting opinion from mine.
I'm not talking any extreme amount of money, anything past 45k is pretty good to me, but my ideal job would be hitting 70k.'"


3717: 'Actually we thought they would be one of the happiest groups to dish out their handwriting.  We believed the NTs would be among the happiest to go along with a scientific experiment.  This actually...
Sorry.  Unfortunately we had to end it early because of some miscommunication with Lilli (the OP)
We were going to, but unfortunately some miscommunication between team members made it so that the OP (not me.  we've all been using her account for this test) didn't have all the information she...
Your argument does hold some water, which is actually why we are probably going to do a few of these sorts of things; using different kinds of complicated demands.  Of course, we won't be using my...
You're not being a nuisance!  I really do like feedback on this sort of thing.  Basically this was the most complicated request we could think of without being downright ridiculous (stand on your...
Highly critical people
Okay, truth time.  I'm not actually studying your handwriting. My experimental psychology group and I wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request. ...
Well, it's not exactly a competition, but no.  The INFPs had an astounding 16 posts
Okay, truth time.  I'm not actually studying your handwriting. My experimental psychology group and I wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request. ...
Thankfully I don't actually care how negative my impression is on you, and based on the number of responses we got and how most of them were positive, I highly doubt you speak for the entire ISTJ...
Okay, truth time.  I'm not actually studying your handwriting. My experimental psychology group and I wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request. ...
Okay, truth time.  I'm not actually studying your handwriting. My experimental psychology group and I wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request. ...
Okay, truth time.  I'm not actually studying your handwriting. My experimental psychology group and I wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request. ...
Okay, truth time.  I'm not actually studying your handwriting. My experimental psychology group and I wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request. ...
Okay, truth time.  I'm not actually studying your handwriting. My experimental psychology group and I wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request. ...
Okay, truth time.  I'm not actually studying your handwriting. My experimental psychology group and I wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request. ...
Okay, truth time.  I'm not actually studying your handwriting. My experimental psychology group and I wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request. ...
Okay, truth time.  I'm not actually studying your handwriting. My experimental psychology group and I wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request. ...
Okay, truth time.  I'm not actually studying your handwriting. My experimental psychology group and I wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request. ...
Okay, truth time.  I'm not actually studying your handwriting. My experimental psychology group and I wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request. ...
Okay, truth time.  I'm not actually studying your handwriting. My experimental psychology group and I wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request. ...
Okay, truth time.  I'm not actually studying your handwriting. My experimental psychology group and I wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request....
Okay, it is time to reveal to you all what I was actually studying. My experimental psychology group and I have been investigating different personality type's responses to a difficult request. We...
Oh, I forgot to add something in the original post.   I won't be judging your handwriting based on the quality, actually I'm looking for little things like slant, pressure, and cradling Ys and Gs,...
@ Devin87 Thank you.  Your efforts to make your handwriting a little bit more you is exactly what I wanted to see, people working on their handwriting that way is actually the entire basis for my...
Having bad handwriting is perfectly fine! I'm not actually judging the quality of the handwriting, just little things that distinguish certain styles from others, so even if your handwriting looks...
I am looking for specific things in the samples, such as large or small spacing between words, the pressure that the writer wrote with, slant, and cradling the Ys and Gs, etc.  Each one of these...
I forgot to add something, I'm not actually judging the quality of the samples, just small things that distinguish certain styles of handwriting.  Some examples are pressure, word spacing, looping...
Not INTJ, but Liberatarian through and through
Spidery is good information for me to have, and it's totally okay that it's bad!  My own handwriting sucks as well.  I'll add a sample the minute I'm done checking the rest of the forums.  Also, I...
That's fine!  Just give me the sample that you can, and I will be perfectly happy.  And just to make you guys feel a little bit more secure(though I highly doubt this particular forum needs it),  I'm...
Holgrave, thank you for posting, your handwriting is fine.  I'm just looking for little things that distinguish certain styles from others.  I have to admit, I laughed pretty hard at .... in cursive
Samples of cursive.   I am not evaluating how good the handwriting is.  Simply the small things in our handwriting that make it unique.  For example, adding more space or less space between your...
My theory is based on the fact that different personality types will value different things in their handwriting.  You see, I'm an ISFP, so I value things like frills and curls in my writing, and so...
@ tine, exactly.  How it makes sense is that the desire to cultivate a specific style would probably be subjective to what kind of person we are or would want to be.  For example, my own type (ISFP)...
So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that I want to see. ...
So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that I want to see. ...
So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that I want to see. ...
So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that I want to see. ...
So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that I want to see. ...
So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that I want to see. ...
So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that I want to see. ...
So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that I want to see. ...
So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that I want to see. ...
So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that I want to see. ...
So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that I want to see. ...
So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that I want to see. ...
So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that I want to see. ...
So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that I want to see. ...
Hi fellow ISFPs  So I'm feeling curious, do you guys think that there are any ties between MBTI and handwriting? I've always wondered, and now that I've got a little bit of free time I decided that...'"


3875: 'Yes, and rainbows and fluffy things and how to make our partners emotionally, physically, etc, satisfied.
haha! This is quotable.
I think MBTI focuses too much on T/F, as if F types are unable to think and want to preserve the emotional dynamic at all times no matter what and T types are the ones who ride roughshod over...
Either you have:   1. Typed the ISFPs as ESFP because they seem extroverted. 2. Wrongly assumed that ESFP=ESFp. No one can guarantee that, but ESFJ almost always is ESFj, it just happens haha. ...
I don't fit in and I never will. But I am still fun as hell to be around.
Since I am a supporter of socionics, I naturally think socionics is much more valid than MBTI. MBTI has its uses in quick and dirty typing using tests, but otherwise, MBTI types are reduced to just...
What would you know about socionics, someone who has over 2000 posts in an MBTI forum? Indeed the VALIDITY of MBTI has screwed with your mind Mr. INTP. You know not what you speak of.
What site? Link me.     haha, not bullshit. Facial expressions or lack thereof and general behavior are very telling in order to discover personality.
I talk very fast. I need to get out all this information because my brain moves faster than my lips can talk.
99 problems but a girl ain't one
She's a whore, she toyed with your feelings. What do you think I am going to say?
We love you :D <3
False. Socionics has the ability to predict the general trend of a relationship between two types.
Took me two months to learn socionics. I don't regret it. It has helped me in my life in more profound ways than MBTI did. It told me to not pursue a relationship with an ILI(INTp) girl. I ignored it...
The J/P switch is untrue. MBTI functions are not the same as Socionics functions although they are named the same, and I know a couple people who I gave the MBTI test and came out as INTP and have...
If you will read on over the next couple days, you will see that socionics is a well-established theory, just as established as MBTI, although leagues less popular. Trust me on this. And I still...
What is truly novel is the theory as a whole, its ability to predict the course of relationships between types rather than just focusing on cool type profiles.
You are a definite ILI man, no doubt of that. You're lucky we are super-ego relations. I happen to be a SEI(ISFp) in socionics, so we will be fighting in this thread for a while. :P
what is really cool are the intertype relations and the quadras which are formed by your valued functions. it's like one happy family.
Yeah, it's not that far-off from reality. But as you might agree, a much more fool-proof method is to know people in real life rather than looking at candid photos of them. Photos are one-dimensional...
haha, not all socionists believe in the validity of VI. You need to get good at it. It's not so much the structure of the face and body as it is the body and face language of the person. I know a...
If you are unwilling to distinguish between valid theory and crackpot claims, fine. But don't try to bad-mouth something you are afraid to look into.
These descriptions are russian bullshit, end of story. Socionics is not MBTI, so don't expect a MBTI type description. How a socionics type description works is how through the blocks of functions...
Socionics is a vastly superior system to MBTI bro, and I would disregard all this INTj have rounded shoulders nonsense immediately. This is not how socionics works. Check out Wikisocion for what...
I just demonize the person haha.  But all the advice I can give comes from this quote
You miss my point. I very rarely tell a girl I am interested for fear of being shot down, but I will spend all possible time with you so you will make the move yourself.   I don't even bother with...
Yeah, I feel for you. Find a new girl man, one who won't treat you like a bitch.
Party slut girls are gross. I like your type of woman better. Don't come to me, I will come to you if I like you. Simple as that.
You're cute. Yes (:
You are compensating for your heartbreak man, watch out. I would be wary if I were you man, but it's your life. You are crushing hard, and I myself am subconsciously compensating for my girl haha....
Yeah, I treat everyone with respect, which is rare in our society today.   That is a really cool story man. I really liked it.
I can string verse together and I love color. (:
Yes, in a sense, I am indeed unique. Even regarding the other ISFP I know, I don't feel they know the Real me at all. This is all I can say that is otherworldly. I myself have a hard time with...
Well, since I have never considered myself an artist, I use my Fi to make judgments regarding my friends and family, what I feel to be right regarding how I treat them, and think about how they treat...
No. If anything, I would imagine ISFP to be one of the more grounded types of the sixteen. I see things how they are, and although I may idealize things a bit, I am certainly not in an other-wordly...
The idea is, you don't want someone emotional since you yourself is emotional, but you want someone who can open up to you.
Nope, you are looking for an ENTP.
This isn't even type related. The girl is sick.
Congrats, ISFP have that ability. But relax man, I doubt she is the one either, but who knows. Gauge her as time goes on. I myself have felt the urge to replace the INTP with any girl at all, and I...
As you can see from my signature and my avatar, I love color and beautiful things, but I am terrible at art. I am going to college for a degree in biochemistry.
that must suck. ): oh man, out of the frying pan and into the fire.
Your friends don't understand how you feel about her, do they? They aren't very good friends if they make a mockery of this, but it is irrelevant. You are working to forget about her now.  I...
Well, if he gets a girl, he is going to feel a hell of a lot better about himself. But yes, he needs to relax about it. If he is like me, he knows he deserves more than what he is getting, but a lot...
This will be painful, but it will be worth it. You can bet your money on it.   That makes two of us who are repressed. I deal with it by firmly believing that I will find a girl who accepts me for...
This type of wisdom only comes from experience. This is the only reason I don't regret trying to get with the INTP for a whole year. I learned things about relationships and women I would have never...
You gotta tell her the truth. You need to get your mind into a position that you will be able to do this. Tell her everything, all the pain you have suffered. You can't have her hanging around with...
I missed your last post. I would get out now, no matter how painful it may be. She has a boyfriend, and you are only hurting yourself by hanging around her. Trust me on this.
Yes, I have just gotten through this. I got over it because I realized she was just wasn't right for me. I had to tell myself, I can't talk to her anymore, because I was so attached to her and it was...
Anything by Lights will get an ISFP choked up, since she is an ISFP. Listen to this song, and let yourself become as dynamic as the music, ever changing.   YouTube - Lights - Face Up  I used to...
I know that is a big turn off for you. I would stand up for your principles. He probably isn't as great as you think if he abuses alcohol like that.'"


3888: For me, friendships are very casual. I am good at keeping myself occupied without company, and will generally do just that unless a friend initiates conversation.   I don't feel hurt or offended if...
Haven't given his enneagram much thought, but I can see 8.   As for MBTI, my guess is ESTP.
Infj
karethys
Not very accurate for me. Although I do love Papers, Please, I definitely wouldn't say my favorite genre is indie/experimental/etc. I mostly play open-world RPGs and TF2.
I usually just sleep. If I'm awake, I'm listening to music on my phone.
Istp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLN2es11xVg
I do this all the time. Probably a lot more often than I should, haha.   It's hard to know if I do it more than other people, but it seems to me like I do.
Apples, eggs, almond butter, meat (mostly chicken and pork), sweet potatoes, cauliflower, carrots
Welcome! Hope you enjoy your time here :proud:
Welcome, Anastasia :happy:
Medium-rare or rare. I'm not that picky about it.
Nearly all of my experiences with INTJs have been positive. Like you said, both types help each other work on their weaknesses.   Typically, I find it very easy to push an INTJ's buttons. And it's...
4w3 sp/so
Mother: xSFJ Oldest sister: INTP Middle sister: ESFx Youngest sister (me): ISFP  No clue on my father. He hasn't been a part of the family for a long time.
1) Personality Type: ISFP 2) Favorite/most enjoyable aspect: For single player games, being immersed in a detailed virtual world. For multiplayer (pretty much just TF2), getting to play with...
Welcome! :happy:
Most of the time I'm very withdrawn when socializing. Only if I'm extremely comfortable with the people I'm with do I become talkative and joke around. I'd say I'm quiet 75% of the time.
Welcome! Hope you have fun here on PerC :happy:
I'll be using me and my INTP sister.  1. Who of you is the most talkactive when it is just you two?  Probably me. I ramble on and on when I'm around her.   2. Who is more likely to pull an...
Yessss :crazy:
You scored 51.667 out of 100 masculine points, 64.167 out of 100 feminine points, and 59.167 out of 100 androgynous (neutral) points.  Female ISFP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooWkA_-lOHA
Not an INFP, but a fellow Fi dom.   I think I get what you're describing. Music is one of the things that affects my emotions the most, and when I listen to certain songs I definitely experience...
I'm a huge fan of fiction- fantasy in particular.  I usually dislike nonfiction, and get bored with it easily.
Personally, I do have a habit of just hiding away and not interacting with people- even those close to me- if I'm dealing with something. And the whole acting like nothing happened is familiar to me...
Any Miyazaki film.
Welcome to PerC :happy:
Welcome! Glad to have you as a member of PerC :happy:
Would you rather:  1. Beat up a physically strong ESTP who will beat you up Or beat up an INTP (average strength) with a physically strong ENFJ only a block away?  Why am I beating these people...
Your score was 61 of 100.   This puts you in the category of the high Machs, people who do not belive in the goodness of the world and that because that it must be manipulated, people who...
Being the youngest of three siblings, there were a lot of things I never believed in- the Tooth Fairy, Easter Bunny, etc. Santa, though, he was different. He was real. Why would my family lie to me...
According to this, I've got extrovert hands. I'm very much an introvert.
Favorites: INxP, ESFP, ENxP, INFJ Least Favorite: ESTJ
I agree with Schizoid- join groups or classes for things you're interested in. Or, do something you've never done before but have wanted to try. Anything that gets you in a situation with people who...
merryweather
Every year.
IxFP  TMLT quit their job to play video games all day?
Welcome :happy:
Welcome! Hope you enjoy your time here on PerC :happy:
Anything with pretty colors :tongue:  443754 443762443770443778443786
I'm playing TF2 and Fallout 4, plus a bit of Skyrim.
xNTJ  TMLT hate old people?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHi8W_PV7-Y
Welcome! Hope you enjoy your time here.  Your icon is very cute :happy:
double post
Welcome :teapot:
Welcome :happy:
Welcome :happy: Hope you enjoy your time here!"


3918: A lot of therapists have no idea what they're talking about and cause harm. Some therapists are helpful. Psych medications can cause serious side effects and there is limited (or no) research that...
Female ISFP  59.167 Masculine 55.833 Androgynous 53.333 Feminine
Him complimenting your appearance in any way is not appropriate at all. Also, $100 an hour seems super expensive. I'm seeing someone right now who charges $50 an hour.
If you're feeling uncomfortable with your therapist, it's definitely okay to get a new one. Therapy is for you, not them. It should feel right to you. Trust your instincts.
I was absolutely certain I was an INFP for years. I considered INTP, ENFP, and INFJ when I started questioning my type. It took me a long time to realize I wasn't an N.
sx 28 so 26 sp 12
http://i.imgur.com/nKZQRvO.png
This test has an obvious N bias. The top half of my results are all N types and the bottom half are all S types.  INFJ 58.17% INFP 56.83% INTJ 55.74% ENFJ 55.45% INTP 54.4% ENFP 54.12% ENTJ...
Thanks for the suggestion but falling asleep isn't an issue for me.
Why do you think she'd want your advice?
Nah, I'm not in danger. Thanks for asking though. I've just been having more trauma nightmares recently.
I'm becoming afraid to sleep.
Fi = Beautiful by Eminem   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTa14Sui7mw  Se = Number One by Custom Kings (Ignore the music video. It was the only video of this song I could find.)  ...
Color.  Bikini or one piece.
Could it be because you're only showering once every three weeks? Why is that? Do you not have access to water?
http://i.imgur.com/I2KohYv.gif
Chaotic Good Human Paladin/Druid (2nd/2nd Level)  Ability Scores: Strength- 13 Dexterity- 13 Constitution- 12 Intelligence- 13 Wisdom- 13 Charisma- 12
ISFP, Artisan
Congratulations, you belong to the Owl (INTP) tribe!  I tend not to type as ISFP on tests. Usually I get either INFP or INTP.
Does a cake count as art?  http://i.imgur.com/nREUPjz.jpg
Fi dom  http://i.imgur.com/UW1zZKo.gif  Te dom  http://i.imgur.com/H2kNW2c.jpg  Ne dom
Kiss: ISTP Marry: ENTP Bed: ESFP  INTP, ESFJ, INTJ
Winter  Poetry or short story?
Tend to assume they're very intelligent. Often not the case that they are. Otherwise, very nice.
I'll be graduating with a degree in acting. I'm an ISFP.
I suppose I'm most protective of ISFJs, sweet cinnamon rolls that they are.
In general S types seem to be considered idiots on typology sites, but I think ESFJs get the worst of it.
14, isfp
Okay, I don't ever.
Dragon Age Inquisition
Shattered idealism can push any Fi-dom to villainy. Also, self-righteous anger, e.g. the vigilante type, would alse be believable for an Fi-dom.  In other words, someone who was hurt and can't...
I would most certainly never.
When you do a ton of complex processing inside your head but don't feel certain til you test your conclusions in the real world.
ISFP usually mistaken for INFP, occasionally INFJ.
I think this is a really wise post and it's a good idea to make a plan, see how it works by trying it out, and then reflect and figure out what to do next based on experience. Good luck!
You sound less intelligent and more delusional.
INTJ is my guess. Sorry INTJs.
Zuko the Honorlord  http://i.imgur.com/eGiFAf2.gif
This thread is full of hysterical type-related stereotyping and nitpicking of traits in order to confirm a preconceived bias.
ISFP 4w5 6w5 1w9. Envy, pride, and wrath for me.
What stood out to me in what you wrote was Fe and a lack of Si. ENFJ.   1. I feel compelled to speak my mind even when I know I shouldn't.   2. I have a huge amount of determination and I don't...
What is keeping you from getting these things? Why do you hold your cards close to your chest? Is there something that's making you afraid to open up?
I think the bolded is the root cause of the problem. What would you need from someone to be able to connect?
I think what you described is a fairly common thing for INTJs who are having a hard time dealing with the part of themself that feels.
This, except for me it wasn't kids at school. I kicked back in self defense near the end and I've never been able to live with myself because of that. I wish I'd had the mind not to, but it was...
Sometimes this thing happens with some INFJs where they become accusative of other people because they feel threatened or misunderstood, but the people they're accusing don't deserve to be accused...
Eh, I think this is more of an enneagram thing. Counterphobic 6s seem far more likely to immerse themselves in a subculture. There's a certain kind of hypocrisy in seeking a group to escape social...
Katurian Katurian Katurian is a character from the play The Pillowman.   Katurian, a writer of short stories that often depict violence against children, has been arrested by two detectives, Ariel...
Overrated: INFP  Underrated: ISFJ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwENzYn_axc"


3957: 'OMG. It's so weird reading this because it's literally the story of my life. I'm constantly being told that I'm detached, People don't normally realize it until something happens like a friend moving...
I've given a lot of thought to this and I firmly believe he is an ISFP. There's no question that he is an introvert. He's made it clear that he doesn't quite enjoy human interaction, calls himself...
I realized that I never know how to respond whenever someone asks me what my favorite movies are. I was curious to see if any other ISFPs can come up with some of their favorite movies, so I could...
- people who think they can tell me what to do/how to live my life  - cockiness  - attention seekers  - judgmental/close-minded people  - people who claim to be know-it-alls when they're...
93741   93742  93743  93744
I completely agree. It's nice to see that someone understands. Having a specific personality type doesn't deem you as being stupid. Some people are better at things than myself (organization,...
I completely understand this. I'm not saying that having a bad memory makes her any type. I was just answering a question.
No, I'm not. UglierBetty asked me if my sister was able to recall word for word what happened in the past. I simply responded that SHE does not have a good memory and is not able to do that. I'm not...
My opinion would be ISFJ. Your deep concern for what others think and the fact that you take their opinions into account illustrate extroverted feeling. The fact that you tend to be a perfectionist,...
No. She has a terrible memory, in my opinion. I am always able to recall situations verbatim and she seems to never remember anything lol I will even describe what room we were in, where we were...
I find it funny that us ISFPs aren't really able to help much because we simply have trouble identifying why we do it. I've never really thought about why I need to be alone. I think it just helps...
exactly.
thank you for taking the time to help! judging by what you said, she definitely seems like an INFJ. She can never recognize any song until it gets to the chorus lol I'm always the one who recognizes...
yeah she's been saying that she's an ISFJ (it's the one she tests into more often) but I know she may not seem like one. It's nearly impossible to type her. She likes to say she's untypable.
thanks for your input! and btw she really did sit down and try to answer these questions as detailed as possible to help people to type her. She's generally just hard to understand. I understand the...
sun - cancer (caring, motherly, intuitive, sensitive)...a lot like a pisces sun moon - leo (fire-y emotions, dramatic, dignified, stubborn, lazy) pisces rising (I'm sure you know the traits lol)
OMG so true lol
I didn't even realize until recently how much I valued honesty, but it means everything to me. I put it up there with trust. If you aren't honest with me, how do you expect me to trust you?  Of...
...and to answer that last question: I think I, along with many other ISFPs, are somewhat difficult to get to know. (due to generally being more private and tendency to open up to a select few) So,...
I know immediately whether or not I'm physically attracted to the person. It would take me no more than a week of hanging out for me to determine the type of person they are and whether we would be...
Personally, I understand the rebellious stereotype. I hate being told what to do, who to be, what to act like, etc. This may have something to do with being enneagram type 4, though. (the...
I don't know if I would refer to myself as aggressive, however if someone wants to start an argument, I'll finish it. I don't get physically aggressive but I will yell if I get really irritated by...
2 and 4 are prob INFP
lol yeah I used to think that I was an INFP, even though I tested into ISFP repeatedly because I remember reading something about ISFPs not being very academically smart. (I immediately figured that...
I am a cancer. I LOVE astrology, but there's a lot more to it than just your sun sign (yours being aries). If you look up your birth chart, it will help explain your personality so much better than...
ISFPs love to cuddle and be affectionate...but they need time to be left alone also
ISFPs can be very confusing, especially in the beginning stages of a relationship. I'm happy to hear that everything's fine now. I actually laughed when you said he popped up at your door and you...
lol you don't sound like an asshole at all. I had suspected that there would be an obvious issue between sensors and intuitives. we are vastly different. Sometimes it's not that we aren't...
- I love (this is going to sound weird) my strength. I am able to overcome anything pretty quickly and bounce back from everything having learned something to make myself a better person.   - I love...
I tend to be attracted to either ENFPs or INFPs. I find ENFPs hilarious and INFPs are easy for me to understand. INFPs and I have very similar interests and get along really well.
I've heard that Vedic birth charts are supposed to be more accurate than western birth charts...but personally, I like reading my western one. The Vedic chart usually just moves each to a sign next...
Exactly. I have literally said this exact thing to my sister and friends. I seem to have no interest and I feel like it would just bring unnecessary drama into my life.
Maybe that is the problem. There's a trend with me dropping friends out of my life (seemingly randomly) but now that I think about it, it's not random. I start noticing differences in how we...
OMG we have such similar charts! that's so interesting to me....plus I also have aquarius ascendant in my Vedic (indian) birth chart!
What about ISFPs annoy you guys? Im really curious to hear what you think. You wont hurt my feelings btw. Just be honest.
What about ISFPs annoy you? I really want to know what other types think of us. Don't worry...you won't hurt my feelings. Just be honest.
Emeli Sande - Read All About It <3   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFXRQKYFbXE
Great! I will be making one too as soon as I get my hands on a camera. I thought I was an INFP for a little while and I just discovered I was an ISFP about a week ago. I'm still trying to study the...
Some things have been weighing on me heavily for the past couple of months that I just want to get off my chest. Why am I incapable of maintaining any type of relationship for more than a couple...
I'll start it off by just posting some pics of myself......  92888  92889  92890  92891
You got: Corgi!  Quite simply, youx92re a darling! People are mesmerized by your charismatic nature but you never get too caught up in all that praise. You know how to just be you at all times and...
Why are there so little videos of ISFPs on youtube? I already saw this question posted by an ESTP (I think) somewhere else, but why? I get that it would be uncomfortable for some people or you feel...
Hey guys! I had my sister answer some questions to see if anyone could help clarify whether she's an ISFJ or an INFJ. Her tests results are typically all over the place, but she seems to get these...
Actually, that's true. I would guess that she is either an ISFJ or an INFJ, but I'm leaning towards ISFJ because she comes across very warm and expressive. Also, I find that sensors, in general,...
ESFJ....she's def an extrovert
I really want to make one, but I am a little shy about knowing that people will watch and analyze my every move. I would do it, but I don't have a camera.
I have been really curious as to what other ISFP's zodiac signs are. I don't know how many of you are familiar with birth/natal charts, but it's something that I am extremely interested in. If you...
What does the stereotypical ISFP face look like? I've heard before that we typically have an awkward smile or some sort of unconventional facial expression, but idk if this is true. If any of you...
I wanted to start a thread to see if anyone had any funny gifs or pictures that represent an ISFP. If you're not an ISFP, feel free to join in! I would love to see them all!
thanks for your thoughts! I kept trying to tell her that she seemed like a thinker because of how objective and logical she is. She's definitely an introvert and I am pretty sure she's a sensor too....'"


3968: ':((( Sorry to hear about that. Happy people are so lucky!!!!!
Thats the thing. I can't pursue what I love. My dreams are doomed before they were broken. My purpose in life was to live a beautiful life and to be beautiful now it's all gone. I can't be what I...
Envy, Depression, BDD  Hey guys! its been a long time since my last activity here. I hope everyone is doing well and having fun with life. 2 months ago my life started going downhill. Idk...
Haha sorry didn't see it. I've been dead for like 3 months xD
Well thats the most attractive thing to have ;)
Hmm I like his paintings but I have no idea about his personality. :) sorry if you have another artist suggest it
I stole it ;)  and I agree Gaga may be Infp. People complain that she is fake and inauthentic (well when she first started she was acting kinda fake) but now I think she is one of the most authentic...
Tough
Luv u 2 Wednesday Mermaid (btw Your name reminds me of Mermaid Motel) :D  I agree with Lana Del Rey and the persona thing and I see it in a similar way, but don't you think Marina is an extrovert,...
Dated (your welcome everyone I changed the chain to DEATH, basically I cheated)  EDIT: looking on the previous posts someone already caught me LOL
I agree 100%
Try it yourself ;) Not to mention evil in this world is not just a drop. Both ways it will turn black.
At least you have friends *Dramatic music starts playing with the violin out of tune*
Oh look Entp leaving his ideas and work to talk :P
Im so sad I even cry when happy (tbh I always feel like a hypocrite when criticizing ixfps :( )
A drop of ink will make water turn black.
Everyday I hate humanity more and more. Everyday I hate our existence and our world. I hate myself everyday. We are savages, we are just like animals but with hypocrisy. Im so disgusted.
As for being savages and like animals. We are savages and hypocrites
Yes. But being good inside cant prevent you from becoming evil
Thank u :)
Death
Alice lets go to wonderland   353066
It doesnt have to be accurate ;) just like I said its for fun
I agree. But look at Ni and Ne. one is like roots to the trunk and ne is like trunk to the branches. fi light comes from the inside like the sun and Fe is like the moon it reflects others light. Se...
I like yours! I would love to see object symbols you know like something you can touch! I like derailing threads a lot sorry everyone
Is taking better on the internet a trait of shy people or introverted?   When I am not facing someone Im not as tense and I talk better...
Actually nice symbols. But I wanted some contrast. (like sun/moon, past/present. I think symbols become more legit that way ) :P
Banished from a space ship
353042 also a song called money hunny :P  Gunny
Hunny (its a thing)
warning this is a joke.  Ti: robot (or computer) Te: machine or steering wheel Fi: heart ( sun(is the light) or microphone) Fe: hands (moon(reflects light) or speaker) Se: eyes Si: camera...
Unify (dont start the unit thing again plz)
Its my morals. I am still taming my human nature to follow these morals.
I was lol
But most of the time they are fishing for compliments. Maybe they have low self confidence... you dont have to praise them too much just tell them of course you are beautiful and then throw I find...
Isfp   (Nice colors and stuff :)
Wisdom is not about telling the truth, its about saying the right thing at the right time. Lies are good and helpful sometimes. I dont believe the truth is always better. You gotta compromise...
Still to me it sounds mean. If I don't like them I would say Yeah you are beautiful. Everyone one is unique. [Then I will point something I like about them or at least tolerate. ].   Sorry but I...
How can you say I dont find you attractive to someone? I cant understand. Even if you think they are monsters you can't say that. Its common sense people.
Fridge (gosh im hungry)
The story, characters everything is beautiful not to mention the kimonos and the music. Chairman's Waltz (the credits theme) gets me everytime. As stated above its hauntingly beautiful. Any...
Mine :$
Fi for the feeling Se for scenes, music and dancing Ni for how at the end everything connects and you see the big picture.
True lol but I am into Lolita and lana del rey. But its so sad. Do you have any suggestions for a sad movie? Like titanic and moag... If it has beautiful scenes and objects would be awesome (u know...
its my sanctuary. I love Ni's. I feel they are mystical. And a lot of them are here.
Do you guys like Memoirs of a Geisha?
Oh yeah I forgot to cry about the last scene now thank you :,(((
If u want pop stuff choose something that is easy to write. Easy to pronounce, easy to find. Also it gotta be short and simple. Not only ear grabbing but also eye grabbing. Try to make it meaningful....
Titanic is hijacking threads again heading towards an ice berg. The love story was really cheesy to be honest (another romeo and juliet. But most of the stories are like that: rich girl poor boy fell...
True :) I feel Im taking the stereotypes too seriously haha. I should focus on functions. (Who the heck doesn't get feely from Titanic. Yesterday I watched it and cried and cried. I tried to act...'"


4043: 'Since everyone is shitting on SEE's Ti to make their point here, let's have a pop at SLE's Fi. They're usually utterly oblivious to how they hurt others' feelings and in their worst moments they...
If I'd never seen you before I'd guess IEI
Some INFJ vibes there, but close enough.
Figure I'm liking the SEE-Fi desc, I mistakenly think I'm good at Te all the time, feels like a kick to the ego lmao. And the shit about interactions with ILI-Te sounds like conversations I have with...
This is how I'll always imagine ISFPs because we're normies who are just too fucking cool to act like it.   706610
Dunno if it's something you can really correlate, but I can see why IxFJs might be super social for introverts.  For what it's worth I usually fall somewhere in the middle of I/E, probably cuz I...
The fact you managed to write that much in such a simply themed thread immediately suggests Ne-Si lmao. Yeah you're INFP.
Never seen you before but I guessed ISTJ. So yeah, good enough.
Did you just make this up or is it actually based on something?
What the fuck is going on??
Dude, being a sensor is the dopest thing. Fully immersing yourself in the real world around you and appreciating life for every single visual, auditory etc etc. experience it has to offer... nothing...
It started out with a post, how did it end up like this it was only a post it was only a post
I feel responsible for this.
Do I know you from Discord or something? :P  Uh, what part of Fi dom needs explaining? The person who made this thread seems pretty set on their type.
Luckily for you, the whole world is not gays. It's probably not even 10%. So no one's dying out. If you're concerned about people not having kids, I'd start with the straight people choosing not to...
Plenty of gay people are born to two straight parents. And straight people are born from a gay parent. So I don't know what you're trying to say.  I know.   I know this too.
I've read some stuff about younger siblings being more likely to be bi/gay, too. Would make sense for me because my mum had two children before me (one male, one female). Not sure how accurate that...
We don't know why people are born gay. The best evidence we have, so far as I know, is exposure to hormones in the womb. Genetics may or may not be involved. My point is, there's no evidence to...
Biology also made lots of people not want to do that, so hey, that's just how it is. People are gonna keep being born gay and having gay sex regardless of what our bodies were made to do. So you may...
Mr. Peanutbutter from Bojack is a total ESFJ (Fe all over the place), but some type him as an ENFP or ESFP. Easy to forget that ESFJs are often bouncy, fun loving people when your only exposure is to...
Alone for a long time makes me depressed, lonely and anxious, because I hate being wholly left alone with my thoughts (unless I'm feeling really emotional and need to be left alone to deal with it)....
No kidding. I've pretty much never received hate for my type, beyond being a dreaded SF. Doesn't seem like ISxPs are either favoured or disfavoured. We're just sensor counterparts to likely the most...
when will the gods stop your sinful typing fingers
Just found this post from 2012. I cannot emphasise how much I've changed in five years lmfaooo. I swear a lot, talk openly about sex and willingly disagree with people and stand my own ground...
They correlate to behaviour, but they don't cause it.
Because I'm describing behaviour instead of thought, of course none of the functions actually correlate to behaviour because it's literally just thought and perception. But that's way too abstract...
Auxiliary Se is less thrill-seeking than dom Se. Your Se serves Fi, so it gathers information for your Fi to evaluate. It's pretty typical of us to decide whether an action is really in line with...
When staying inside all day makes you antsy as fuck despite being an introvert, because you need to take in that sweet physical stimulation and outside is the best place to do it.
I mistyped as INFP because sensor descriptions are awful and I mistook the ability to delve deep in thought for Ne.
Sounds like we have similar music taste, I'll link a few from my running playlist.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGEFTt_ETvk   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5pWlAAnUFQ  ...
I'm not going to give you a description of each type, because that's what online articles (and this website's threads) are for.   What most people mistake about 6 is thinking that they're anxious...
My favourite analogy of Type 6 is that it feels like everyone in the world was given a book detailing exactly how life works... except you. And you're stumbling through life pretending to know...
It's cunting unacceptable
4w3 > 6 > 9
First time I've seen you (seems odd with the cafe legend status) but yeah sure. You have some ENFJ vibes but I can see the Fe dom.
Can confirm, dicks are just magnetized to my face.
Maybe I'm sure we used to talk on here years ago. Or maybe it was someone with your name. Anyway, I think you come across as someone really chill. Willing to hear people out and chat with them about...
Huh, maybe. Didn't have you pegged as an ISTP but from my experience they're not nearly as easy to spot as INTPs. So fair play to you.
damn this guy is the nicest INTP I've ever met
Yeah I often pick up totally irrelevant information and miss the main point. I'm bad at interpreting something's message or any meaning it's supposed to convey. I was always terrible at english...
Silent treatment is such a ridiculous thing. Does this happen often? Does she communicate the issue with you afterwards? I used to get silent treatment for up to a week u200bfrom my ex. Neither I nor my...
Sick of people not taking me seriously. Talking about my feelings is not an invitation to make fun of them. It's dumb as fuck that people even think that's acceptable in any situation. Even more so,...
Edgy on the inside but in practice always ends up blending in for the sake of being agreeable. Feels like their inner self and the person they present to the world are two completely different...
Probably right in front of you. Most intuitive types are more than capable of blending into a totally normal life. Often don't even feel like they have to make a serious effort to do so. I don't...
Living in the moment is a big deal for me. I don't like thinking of all the hundreds of possibilities; in fact it makes me pretty anxious. I can't make accurate judgements about what might happen,...
representin'
INTJ, a pretty content and self aware one.
Could totally see you as a 6w7 or 7w6. You're a bit too chill to be a head type but you can give off the impression sometimes. sx/sp maybe. Your tritype is spot on though.
I feel like I'd fit better into a troupe of superheroes. Think like Guardians of the Galaxy, Avengers, old era Overwatch. I always fancied myself a sniper. Hidden from sight, not consistently and...
1. INFP 2. I'm a bit of a daydreamer, sensitive beneath a confident exterior and easily see the 'melancholic artist' image in me. 3. Realising how attuned I am to sensory details (NOT necessarily...'"


4061: 'My advice to this woman is to divorce him and find someone who values you more than television and what others think of him! I wouldn't want to be married to a guy who values what others think above...
I really appreciate how open minded you two are! And I really appreciate you two understanding me in this regard. Night Queen, I think you are already a better person for being who you are! You both...
I have to agree with you that the average person can make these topics very ordinary and supersonic mundane, like this Self-Pres guy who talked about his Phone Bill for about an hour in the most...
I am still struggling to understand why you perceive the lists to be small talk? Are they too practical for you? I love practicality because I enjoy topics that is relevant to me and improving the...
I am curious to know what are more interesting topics for you to talk about? When I think of small talk, I think of external topics that are meaningless to who the person is from within. Or just...
Oh, sorry, I was not aware this was gossip. I thought this was a real fictitious problem of a legitimate concern of the characters in this story. Gossip is usually meaningless chatter about other...
Sounds nice.     Are you worried about losing your connection with him? I like going deeper into a person. If I was worried about someone I am close to is having problems and not talking with me...
Hi Fours, Four wingers and Friends.  I thought you guys may enjoy this topic, so I decided to post it here for you to see it. I know you guys have a lot to offer on this topic of being melancholy....
656145Minimalism is a tool that can assist you in finding freedom. Freedom from fear. Freedom from worry. Freedom from overwhelm. Freedom from guilt. Freedom from depression. Freedom from the...
Thank you for your kind words. I wish everybody appreciate that about me! I can relate to being intellectually lazy. Curiosity is a big part of my nature, and I cannot understand how some people are...
I feel at home in nature. Feel connected to something greater...hmmm...is that feeling the oneness thing? Feeling one with everything? That is what I feel when I am in nature, especially when I...
Yes, the truth bites you enough to make you aware of it. Did the link I shared with you in misidentifying 4s and 5s give you any insights on which is more like you? Your Feeling probably comes from...
Do a little more exploring. Have you read the Beatrice Chestnut posts? That is a good source to look at. Fours are heart type who is more primarily a feeling type as Fives are head types who are more...
I am the same way, but I am not thinking about any groups when I am that way. I am just inside of my bubble of my own little world.    I just know that many contribute Social to focusing on...
Hi Everybody,   I figure it is my turn to participate and allow you all to see where I stand with these topics of conversations.    SP: I like these topics to be interesting and not boring in...
Does people talk about closeness in that manner? That reminds me of elementary school...I like you, do you like me? Do you like X or Y? Hahaha! I view closeness and intimacy being synonyms of...
I talk about the SP stuff because I think it is exciting that I can save over 50% or more on products! I don't talk about these topics in an ordinary and boring sort of way, of course. I know a guy...
These are good speculative questions. Life after death is one of the subjects I am interested in, off and on, throughout the years. I accept that I don't know the concrete answers to these questions,...
I agree, that is strongly Self Pres!!!! Minimalism is a Self Pres thing as well. I think it is sad that you are not meeting people who share this wonderful thing in common with you. A lot of artistic...
Do you feel a sense of security when you are in a group of people who share the same interests as you do? Are you a part of any groups of people or friends? Family? Religious organization?...
Asity   I do not understand how SP is your most dominant topics of conversation after reading your post about it. Help me to understand.  pwowq   I apologize for not having the link...
Hello. I am a 9w1, and I have been know to have different personas in public and in private. In public, I appear more sociable and outgoing than I appear at home. I look like I am more fun than I...
Hello I am a 9w1. I know the frustration of having too much stuff from my own personal experiences. I take stuff in, but I never go through them and get rid of them, which felt like a heavy load on...
What core type and wing(s) are you? Which of these conversations can you relate to most? What are your stacking? I wonder what variant(s) that enjoys discussions about religion, politics and sex...
Taoists expectations? I am curious to know more about this!! And about both of you two experiences with Taoism and how it impacted you guys lives Psyche and Typology Jesus.
I am rediscovering Taoism and found that is the religion/ philosophy that I relate to most. Buddhism comes second. I was wondering is anybody else consider themselves Taoists too. I found out the...
I do have a 1 wing, so this does play a role in my making major life decisions. Thanks for the reminder to focus more on what I want and desire...as a Nine, I am not sure what that is to where I can...'"


4096: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xolk2cFzlo&ob=av3e Can't stop watching the chorus dance part
Sent: Lol did you see the banana peel rage comic??  Received: damn you mariokart
In-n-Out Double Double with Animal Style Fries :)
Definitely a night owl. On a free day I would go to sleep between 3-5am and wake up around 4-5pm lol My roommates tell me that I hibernate instead of sleep haha
I'm going to be transferring to UC Davis in the fall and I found out that everyone on campus gets around on a bicycle.  I was wondering if someone could help me choose what type of bicycle I should...
I think I have trypophobia.  But I'm not really scared of them, it just gives me a chill down my back when I see things like these:...
Haha I'm like that too.  If there's an internet connection and I have school work to do, I somehow manage to get lost in some random internet related activity.  But if I don't have any schoolwork to...
BCD Tofu House :D http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_qbXMQBWXyjg/SH5UyzbdevI/AAAAAAAABG8/7YPUzMstsUo/s400/korea1.jpg
Fast Five and Thor!!! Both movies were awesome!! :D
http://chipotlefranchise.net/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/chipotle-franchise.jpg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DeOSLNbhfg Found this song while pulling an allnighter for my Anthropology midterm. I haven't been able to focus on my studies ever since... >.<
Looking forward to 2 pm when I'll be done with my Anthropology midterm. Mmmm sweet sweet sleep awaits me...
This should be renamed to the I'm Procrastinating thread lol
Wow, you guys are all so interesting... I'm 100% Korean. Am I the only Korean here 0.o?
I am looking forward to Friday.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CD2LRROpph0
I have an exam for Physical Anthropology in two days and I still haven't read the chapters or paid attention in class... So I SHOULD be studying right now. Procrastinating ftw!!
Watching I Dream of Jeannie on justin.tv Barbara Eden used to be really pretty lol And I really want a genie now haha
Does anybody know what the title of the song playing at the beginning is?? I want to listen to it but I do not know the title >.<  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hv7UzV6umU4
Watching Yu-gi-oh: The Abridged Series. I haven't laughed this hard in a long time haha
Watching Justice League on justin.tv :) I've been watching stuff there a lot these days lol I wish it had a pause button though...
I really english classes because I get to doze off and day dream all class.  Actually, I do that almost every class but english was the only class where I could do it and still get an A :)...
Spicy Italian sub with copious amounts of jalapenos and banana peppers from Subway :)
Why don't you get him one of those tapes that you put on your nose to stop snoring?  It stopped my dad's loud snoring lol
My sleeping schedule is still messed up from spring break so I'm just surfing the web till class starts at noon...
Finishing up the anime series Outlaw Star with my roommate.  It's pretty good but it makes me want to rewatch Cowboy Bebop lol
I just finished the Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann series. All I can say for it is... EPIC!!!!!
It is Friday so I have this song stuck in my head...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CD2LRROpph0
Hawaiian BBQ Beef from Ono Hawaiian BBQ :)
My roommate is an ENTJ and we get along very well.  I guess it's different for everyone 0.o
That was a fun read haha
A friend posted this on facebook and I watched it.  Now it's stuck in my head -.-  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTtZSE7ryGo
Just finished watching 18 episodes of Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann in a row :) About to start episode 19 right after a quick hookah session :)
Gnite PerC forum :)
Had some awesome pho :) http://choptensils.files.wordpress.com/2008/12/pho97_pho_dac_biet.jpg
Started playing Pockie Ninja with a couple friends.  Doesn't seem too amazing... We'll see how it is.
Chugging down water to get rid of the horrible hangover >.<
Stir fry steak with rice :)
I finally got around to getting caught up with my anime :)  It's been over half a year now since I last sat down to watch a whole series.  Off to finish the second season of Code Geass!
I'm in college so I'm not too picky.  But I would prefer to drink better stuff when I can. For beer, I like Guinness, Stella Artois, Blue Moon, and Rolling Rock. For hard liquor, I like almost...
Spicy Italian sub from Subway :)
Learning about the Mesozoic Mass Extinction.  Lol not really, because I'm on PerC instead of paying attention in class :)
Trying to study for my Abnormal Psychology test on Monday.  Not going so well... lol  The internet is too distracting >.<
Just like the title says, what's the best free anti-spyware program??  My computer's been acting a bit slow lately and I'm trying to clean it up.  Thanks for the help :)
I keep getting tested as an ISFP but I'm not artistic at all.  I'm so bad at drawing that I don't even attempt to doodle lol  -edit- Forgot to ask a question... lol So I was wondering if I was...
Bacon, ham, chicken, jalapeno, banana pepper, green pepper, spinach, tomato and onion <3
I'm watching Yes Man on tv :)
It is Friday so I am listening to Rebecca Black's Friday :)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzfQwXEqYaI
Looking forward to my spring break :D Just two more weeks >.<!!!
My roommate, who doesn't eat tomatoes, bought a grilled steak taco from Taco Bell.  These tacos come with tomatoes so I got a free breakfast :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=6tNTcZOpZ7c'"


4115: 'If anyone ever grew up watching Homeward Bound...  This is for you.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1jc2fPiuBQ
This thread is still going? Awesome.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTFUM4Uh_6Y
There's no dark side of the moon, really. In fact, it's all dark..ufeff   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZtfsfoKSB0
I really believe that balance is so important with this sort of thing. Being empathic is important when the situation calls for it, but being this way all the time is going to emotionally drain you....
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8We0FVflGaU  Sometimes... Only just sometimes, do I need to hear something melancholic. This song does that for me.
If you enjoyed that clip then do yourself a favour and check out a film called Baraka and it's sequel called Samsara - the clip is from one of those films :) Both films are hauntingly beautiful...
I can appreciate the artistry behind it.  Even though it is incredibly surreal and somewhat disturbing.  What are your thoughts on this video?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTuvmQNiO3w
Volcano Choir. If you like Justin Vernon/Bon Iver, you will love them. Here, they're performing Comrade live:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vvp305B9FoQ The climax to the second chorus is so...
Carrying on the same vein:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kcmU4gmpJY
Often. I find it grounds me and brings me back to reality when I feel a bit over-stimulated. Luckily I know what things can satiate it and I'll feel content with that.
I haven't been on here in a while and felt I needed to share this. A string quartet tribute to one of my favourite bands and one of my favourite song of theirs:  ...
1967 Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 http://i.imgur.com/FHV31.jpg  That's it really :wink:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzIHkFJnLbc
I woke up this morning with these two songs stuck in my head. I've got very fond memories of this movie. The lyrics for the first song ring quite true to me...  ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLO7tCdBVrA
Totally! There's so much awesome video game music out there :happy:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iof5pRAIZmw   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egne2ZCMM_0  ...
Oh boy, can I?! This seems to happen more often than not but it never used to bug me before I started paying more attention to it. My room-mates tend to do this ALL the time; they'll ask me something...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfuWXRZe9yA
If I know only one thing It's that every thing that I see Of the world outside is so inconceivable Often I barely can speak   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HHgedNNQco
Frisson...   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTThespmdOY
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7WlkaO8YC8
I only explode and lose my shit when it is warranted and the situation calls for it. If I've been belittled or reprimanded like I'm a child consistently (and for little to no reason over trivial...
Reminds me of The Great Gig in the Sky.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RljxWnOARxQ
... when you know the exact thing to do to make someone feel special and important.  ... when you know the right thing to say to comfort someone and make them feel safe.  ... when people don't...
Listener broke and re-assembled me. By the time the third verse comes around (2:50), that's me. I'm done. What amazes me and I think what makes this so beautiful to me is the honesty in the lyrics...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpFUc8ABDMQ
Nothing has spoken more directly to my soul than Listener has.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cI7brs4yfJo
Absolutely! I tend to think that self-improvement would encompass a broad spectrum of concepts, correct? This translates to physical self-improvement, mental self-improvement and image...
That was great :) Listen to this: RainyMood.com: Rain makes everything better. - while listening to Louis.  You stay classy Benja.   On a similar note:  ...
... donx92t let these waves wash away your hopes   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8k9rD7lx9c
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs
Awesome song, amazing music video.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-qJu20do0o
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBp-SW2vCmI
The effects of smoking weed aren't dictated by what personality type you have.  Let's be honest, what are you expecting to feel when you smoke pot? An exhilarating roller-coaster rush of an...
I'll just leave this here:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2F4EFYM_MA
And the Scatman. Who could ever forget the Scatman?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cnQCk0u49w&ob=av2e
This thread won't die :) Not with the way we are with music.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWcyIpul8OE
I walked this road so so many times in high school and here's what I learned:  We wear our hearts on our sleeves, but we can't help that because it's who we are. We have this ever-bubbling earnest...
Be prepared for heavy:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDHSh1APQS4
Anyone who played Red Alert would appreciate the awesomeness of this song:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tb-gI_pFog0
Good man! Can I get in on that?  I really imagine something like this turning into an impromptu music festival. Or at least be out in a secluded spot somewhere at the foot of a mountain or...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuQrLsTUcN0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwMj3PJDxuo
When it feels as if life is kicking me when I'm down, I watch this and realize my problems aren't all as bad as I'm making them out to be:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wupToqz1e2g
Everything I ever told you was a lie...
Here are my thoughts:  Religion is the set of rules governed by man and not by God. This entitles man to judge and condemn their fellow man by not signing in to the indoctrination or set of rules...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HI_xFQWiYU
You're going to have to do the homework about your target market first here.  Find out who they are (Men? Women? What age would they be? What area do they live in? etc.) and adjust your brand...
So your idea is to start a blog reviewing ornate trinkets and curios with multiple purposes sold across different stores and people can donate to you? You know, there is so much passion in your...
Fiona Apple's cover of Across the Universe is absolutely beautiful:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZ5WPXxNzPU   EDIT:  And this:'"


4216: 'tyler: INFP josh: ISFP  i think these two show the differences between ISFP & INFP rather well
i'm gonna be honest, i couldn't remember his character very well so you're probably right lol
also going by tv show hehe  hannah: ESFJ (?) clay: IXTX alex: ISFP justin: ESTP jess: ESFP courtney: ESXJ bryce: DICK
Hannah: EXFJ? Clay: IXTX Alex: ISFP  Tony: IXTP? not sure Bryce: DICK (the only one i'm 100% sure about) Courtney: ESXJ Jess: ESFP Justin: ESTP Zach: ESXP? can't remember his character very...
Dipper: INTP Mabel: ENFJ Grunkle Stan: ESTP  Wendy: ISFP Soos: IXFP Ford: INTP
Well said!:octopus:
I wish I was her to be honest:laughing:
Same:drooling:
I remember my best friend being borderline OBSESSED with her back in like 2007-ish:tongue: I only ever listened to a couple songs ;)
I watched videos and I've seen gif's of Lady Gaga and it was awesome!! I wouldn't consider myself a huge fan but I loved it :tongue:
I'm not sure if I've ever watched a Super Bowl.. I mostly just sit in the back eating all the snacks :D
hahahahahahahahaha I LOVE YOU
I'd like to get to know people on this website better, so I thought what better way to get to know people than by hearing useless, random facts about them? I'll go first.  I have freckles across my...
Hello fellow newbie! I joined a couple months back & still get confused over lots of stuff :/
If I watch any sport, that's all I watch it for:kitteh:
I'm sorry :laughing: My dad used to watch football with my sister, but they eventually lost interest :rolling:
Oh, I had no idea:laughing: I'm not really sure who the people I know were rooting for...I hang out with mostly theatre geeks and none of us really care about sports:tongue:
[QUOTE=Mibble;34368018]Same! That's why I'm never usually watching the super bowl :laughing: unless it's the commercials haha   I'm still not quite sure who even won...:confusion:
I don't know if they have them in Texas, but where I live they sell these things called Pickle In A Pouch   I'm not a fan of them XD
I went to my first football game a couple months ago and I was so confused throughout the entire thing...I guess I'm bad at being southern :idunno: I've never been very sporty though. Too clumsy for...
I hope it all goes well!!! I do that too. Anytime I'm around a guy I like, I get so nervous and quiet...the complete opposite of my natural personality XD
AWWW THAT'S SO CUTE!!! I sincerely hope everything works out well :D
Hi hello, just an ENFP browsing through and I just wanted to say, I LOVE INTP'S :D    That's all :)
I originally thought of the party popper things, but the FOOD POPPER THINGS ARE SOO GOOOOOD MMMMM :love-struck:
awesome and waaay better than mine :0
HAHA nice! :D
It's my favorite food :D What's yours?
*stares back with a mouth full of pizza and a happy grin*
Ooh lets play a game!!
...Sorry...   LET'S PARTY THEN :rolling:
*acts like she understands what's going on*  ...   *still confused as hell*
...I'm slightly scared
I'm sorry, but I'm new to this and honestly, I'm very confused...  what's going on...?
My best friend is an INFP and I love you guys!!! Well, I love every type but I love you guys a lot!!
THANK YOU FOR EXISTING!!! One of my best friends is an INFJ and she's so much fun!!!!!
YAY!!!!!  I woke up this morning feeling great and after stumbling back over this thread, I feel so happy my face hurts from smiling so much :D
Some of my favorites are the Mandela Effect, MK Ultra, JFK, and of course, Bigfoot.  Actually, any kind of spooky creature thing. I love 'em! :D
This is the cutest thread ever holy shit   I hope it worked out :D
I hate pretty much everything about ENFP's on tumblr because almost all of them portray ENFP's as:  OMG I LOVE BUTTERFLIES SO MUCH IM GONNA CRY!!11!111!!!111 OOOOO SOMETHING SHINY!!!1!!1!!! LOL SO...
I know one INTJ, he's pretty weird, but funny. We play video games with my cousin, ISTP, and my best friend, INFP. It's an odd combination, but we have fun :D  I wish I knew more INTJ's my age...
Hi!! ENFP here! I was wondering what other types think about conspiracy theories! Feel free to talk about them below, I LOVE  theorizing about stuff :D
Pros: I like how creative ENFP's are, and how generally friendly we are :D  Cons: I struggle a LOT with anxiety and fears of not being good enough, that everyone actually hates me they just don't...
The things I do the most are probably: I prioritize others' happiness over mine. I feel like I am personally responsible for everyones happiness, and if anyone is sad, I feel like I failed. You know...
Awesome! His N was the one I was the least sure about so it's good to hear that you agree! I got an ENFP vibe when I first watched his videos, and I was curious if it was right. After binge-watching...
OOOORRR Pewdiepie as ESTP. The only ESTP I Know is unhealthy so....that may not be right haha
Jacksepticeye: ENFP. He fits almost every characteristic of an ENFP, I don't really see him as anything else tbh CrazyRussianHacker: ISTP Markiplier: INFP. Madeyewlook: ENFP Glam&Gore: ESFP or...
I personally think: Jacksepticeye is an ENFP (He just fits it so well, and since ENFP's are known for being energetic, positive and loud, I'd say its a safe bet ;) Markiplier: I see as an INFP....
I actually don't know any ESFP's, so that one will be hard for me to figure out.  I know a couple people have put him down as a J but, Luckily, ENFPs know how to relax, and they are perfectly...
Hello fellow ENFP's! I was wondering what you all thought Jacksepticeye's MBTI was. I keep seeing stuff saying he is an ENFP, and I honestly can see it so well, but I can't tell if it's just wishful...
YES! Let's get this to happen! Can I bake lots of sweet things for it?:welcoming:'"


4258: 'I had that problem most of my life until I was separated from my mother. She ingrained self consciousness and self doubt and anxiety into all of her children. I was a mommas girl and looked up to...
All the time. For example, when I'm at work decorating cakes all I'm thinking about(besides actually working) is what someone said and how I felt about it, how I feel about what I'm doing at the...
I thought I was INFJ at first, because I didn't study the letters enough. Then I thought I was INFP, and went through the struggle that SO MANY PEOPLE go through where I couldn't decide whether I was...
Primary color: yellow Yellows are the most fun-loving, free-spirited, energetic, and childlike personalities in the aura spectrum. Yellows are wonderful, sensitive, optimistic beings, whose life...
I get the most intense feelings toward INTJs, and Introverted and/or Thinking types. They make me feel cozy. ISFJ sounds like a good one too
I dated what I thought was an ESFP, and I believe one of my coworkers is an ESFP. Relationship wise it's easy to connect by doing activities, you both like doing things spur of the moment and living...
I got INTP. I'm pretty surprised by that result...
I suppose. An infj I know gets on my nerves because it feels like he's always prying into my personal thoughts, he is way too nice, and it takes him SO long to get his thoughts out it drives me crazy...
Your Scores        8 Words of Affirmation  8 Quality Time  6 Receiving Gifts  4 Acts of Service  4 Physical Touch
We had another talk and he understood there were no romantic feelings and said my feelings might change later and that a break might help. I agreed. Then I started wanting to be cuddly towards him??...
My secret hideout: My room or my car, or shopping/stores   Activity: In my room: scrolling tumblr for inspiration, watching a movie, drawing, crafting, listening to music that puts me in a...
I typically have dreams about people in normal situations. By normal I mean, nothing extreme, even if it is weird. Lucid dreaming is something that I am interested in but it would take a lot of...
I value people being honest about themselves as a person, not honesty in general. If someone honestly thinks something I'm wearing is hideous I don't want them to tell me, I'd rather them just not...
1940 (amplive remix) station on Pandora
Sagittarius Rising  Cancer Sun  Gemini Moon   I definitely identify with all of these. I feel my Cancer Sun makes me an overall sensitive homebody type of individual deep down. Sagittarius Rising...
I broke it off last night. I started nitpicking things and the more time I gave it the more time I felt like he wasn't for me. I've never been more comfortable with someone and we have a lot of...
^hahaha yes
I started hanging with this INFJ guy. We are SO similar in every aspect that it seems like it HAS to work between us. Like if I gave up I'd be making a stupid mistake. We want all the same things in...
Creative, confident, introverted, father like and comforting but not too easy to get, cares about how he looks and smells, manly looking, into taboo/alternative lifestyle aesthetic choices, likes to...
I've joined OkCupid a few times and have met some great people as a result. I put everything about myself out and expect the other person to be completely honest as well. I've never been one to...
I do keep one that I write in maybe once a week or so, or when I remember to. I have bad memory of day to day details and it helps me remember things. I mainly have one because it's very interesting...
I'm a cake decorator at Meijer. It's perfect for guiding my creativity, when the store isn't crazy. It is retail... There are certain designs we should do in the book, but you can change up the...
I believe mine is 369 The Mediator
It's funny that you have a hard time with Fi when most of the time that is how I live my life and make choices, by my feelings. I can see how it would be hard for someone who thinks rationally and...
I've never liked children. They make my anxiety go up, I get really angry when they don't listen, and they're just plain annoying and gross. Especially when their parents don't teach them manners or...
Sounds like my kind of guy
I definitely want to look like a feminine girl, but I've had dreadlocks, a mohawk, piercings, I now have a pixie cut, I dress in mainly jeans and tennis shoes and a t shirt/hoodie and like...
I seem to be attracted to xSFJ types, but INTJs really seem to hit me hard. Probably because of my enneagram 6 need for stability and authority
Hmm, that helped. I am definitely a 6. I feel like I've never had the stability and comfort I needed and that the more I open myself up maybe the more extroverted I'd become. Maybe as a sort of...
Cooking and baking from scratch, bead embroidery, crochet, knitting, thrifting, some sewing, costuming, playing video games occasionally, decorating things, cosmetology, tumblr...
I think I may be a blossoming 6w7. What made you sure you were a 6w7?
When I get to thinking too deeply about idealism and morality I get really confused and I start to feel inner turmoil. Everyone's perception is different, and everyone has a reason for what they do...
Handy in the real world manipulation of objects and events, you are easily enthused by practical projects. You often ignore or conveniently forget rules and boundaries that limit your freedom. This...
I really appreciate people who are easy to talk to. And by that I mean extroverted warm funny people who can take you seriously and have some magical talent for making yours and everyone else's day.
I hate to be a negative nancy, but you asked how I feel about this personality type and I'll answer. I appreciate and understand the good parts of INFPs, but every one that I've met rubs me the wrong...
Have any of you ISFPs dated an ESFJ? I'm really curious about this pairing. ESFJs are welcome to chime in as well
-One of your main goals is to find work where you can be creative and dress the way you want, and until you find a work environment like this you'll feel like something is missing from your life ...
One I relate to: a cat. One I'd like to be: either a large bird or a large wild cat like a tiger or cheetah. I want to fly or be able to run really fast and feel wild and act on instinct without fear
I like to entertain the idea of the possibility from time to time, but honestly I can't bring myself to believe in a higher power. Would it be comforting to know there was something watching over me...
I'm a Cancer sun with Gemini moon and Sagittarius rising
I'm afraid of mannequins and dolls, death and old age, conflict, social get together type things, throwing up, small talk, ghosts(if they exist), the dark
I am overweight by about 20-30 pounds, I have lost 60 already. I blame my grandma for force feeding me all the time when I was around 4 and giving me bad eating habits. Having a mother who never...
I'm curious about how this works out as well. ESFJs seem like amazing people
Well, you can't blame her for not being interested anymore if you picked her up and acted like a nervous wreck who could barely talk to her. That doesn't make for a good first date/hangout/whatever....
Read up on what each letter means and compare it to your real life reactions and values and decide from there which letters you relate to more. Not every person of the same type is the same person....
To be honest my feelings drive me completely. I want to do well in life so that I can be appreciated and I want others to get passionate with me and share in my interests. A lot of the time I'm not...
I've only gotten that once and it was through text. I was being completely honest about my opinions and my humor was pretty easy to follow, I thought, and then they told me a few times I'm really...
A few years ago I got into Paganism, but the older I get the less I can even fathom believing in a higher power. I still consider myself Agnostic because I can't completely rule out the idea of it if...
My apologies for this dreadfully depressing post but I really want to type this up. My entire life up until about a year ago maybe was based off of idealism(I recently turned 21). I was a momma's...
One of my best friends is INTP. We are both enneagram 9. She is 9w8 and I am 9w1 which I think helps because she is more of the leader but we can still relate. And we have the same kind of self...'"


4285: 'I know!  I put ISFPs in the same group of people as I put NF's in.. ISFPs are more NFs than ISTPs are NTs, just to illustrate my case :happy:  btw have you considered checking out ENFP vs ISFP...
My Fi gets in the way of being uninhibited and typically SPish... i have a thirst for excitement, but at the same time emotionally i just want to stay home
Yep.... always drawn to some kind of inner vision, some kind of dream, of how I'd like reality to be, and longing to make it real, emotional, cyclothymic, earthy. its me :proud: i drown in my dreams...
I analyze my feelings a LOT because they are so confusing.. it's one feeling after another and sometimes they just don't add up, so yeah, I'm not good at talking about my feelings often because I...
2s from what I know :happy: 4s are basically introverted heart people, 2s more extroverted heart people
Hey, that's what I do :-)
Down to earth people, social/emotional people, basically; that's my experience. ISTP's, ISFP's, INFJ's.. not only those types, but these three immediately come to mind.
Sounds INTJish. 'specially the part about 'i dont have tact', and how his writing style is intellectual, but lacks emotional impulses and instinct.  He talks almost exclusively about how less he...
Christian, became so at 23.  I don't see ISFP's as being stereotypically religious, although are really serious about emotional values, thus giving them a more religious interest by nature. ...
-God -Love (caring for close ones, being with them, and waiting for The One)  In between is just alotta pastimes, and mostly art.. :)
Just discovering patterns in my emotions helped me; it's not that chaotic, and I can predict some of it, and if you know what's coming, or how to deal with emotions period, it's 50% of the load
I wouldn't think too much about it; ESFJ's can be like that. When they have a really bad day, they'll do it to anybody, regardless who it is...  And.. some ESFJs are nicer than other ESFJs (some...
...when you're into astrology/the paranormal/dark magic/anything related even if its simply more exciting than mundane day-to-day reality =)  PS: sorrys about the multiple post. have to watch that...
I'm a total grammar freak, but sometimes imperfect grammar is just cute and... 'internet' style of writing is okay with me. (what is internet style of writing? these kinds of sentences)
INTP and ISFP are sooo much alike man There is a definite difference though... you know the NT/SF thing but still. Both artistic spirits
I either tune out or I'm often completely engulfed in the experience  To conclude *nods* I understand what you mean
(Didn't read all 41 pages, so maybe this is already posted, but....)  ...when you love cats:laughing:...                                 but in the end refuse to keep them because they die...
I knowse... :)  But, 'perfect' because they always strive to be perfect to the world. A good strife :) I really really respect 'nice guys', 'nice girls', I just don't find myself a really good fit...
You really like perfect boys?  You kinda lost me at 'gets good grades'  I like people that take an effort towards people, but this is too much :D  I don't like 'perfect gal/boy' really for...
Don't know about Anne Hathaway; haven't seen enough of her to really tell.  Lady GaGa: strange, but not sensitive enough to be ISFP IMO She does make her own clothes, thats ISFPish/ESTJish I...
Bad girl beats the superficial, dishonest type that uses conformity to gain superiority, but other than that it's not really a pro or a con; all I care about is if she's sweet and intense :)
I don't think so :happy:
Darn right. :) But, I think ISFP's too try to understand their feelings to change how they might feel or solve the situation alot I think?/ But in general, yeah
well for example i do alot of 'sudden changes' - i might decide that I'm going to switch careers, or move someplace else, or what else... or something like that but less extreme, but you get my...
4w3 (the romantic/the artist) sx/so/sp. my tritype is prolly 4w3 7w8 8w9.  i used to think i was 7w8 or 8w9, but the 4ness is too prominent.  Enneagram Personality Type 4: The Artist
totally agree with this
Elton John, Genesis, Phil Collins, Fiona Apple, Eminem; those are my favourites and the ones I have on my MP3 player. There are lots of others, but these are the ones I can think of now, and its my...
Black, and the darker shades of red and blue  I'm a darker isfp *insert dark smiley*
i'm an isfp who had an infp partner for 5 years, so maybe i can have a go at this :)  Maybe it was just this one INFP, in that case please correct me, but I found infp's to be more paralyzed by...
I dreamed about bicycles... lots and lots of bicycles, and I was climbing, making my way through this jungle of bicycles. How intruiging :cool:  Then I woke up (2 mins ago), and all I wanna do is...
Stress makes me hyperactive so I can't sleep :(  I usually listen to music/make music/sing, talk about stuff (the higher the stress, the more it becomes a rant:) ), make plans, clean, eat, drink...
Not really an ISFP thing... but people who have problems ie cocaine and stuff, they have such troubled minds that I have different sets of rules for; I'm not gonna make them live on the streets, I...
ESFP's can be low key; they're still sensitive feelers. A lot of people would peg me ESFP, but then again, an equal amount of people would peg me ISFP. It depends on how I'm feeling, how...
They are alike, ISTP/ISFP; I can't think of really good advice.. I thought Angelina Jolie was ISFP but she turns out to be ISTP. ISFP's are more 'crazy in the head', even if that just means 'feeling'...
Yeah right. LISTEN ISFP'S; ARE THERE ANY FAMOUS PERSONS YOU PERSONALLY PEG AS ISFP?  Oops. Sorry; if caps is forbidden, just say so and I'll correct myself. *blush*  My pegs for ISFP: -Fiona...
ISTP's I know usually go for the weed and pills (MDMA), ISTP Eminem openly talks about his on-and-off sleeping pill addiction (Vicodin, Percocet, Tylenol PM..). Another ISTP I knew used cocaïne...
Ten minute dishes. (No vegetable slicing 'n dicing)  You need: -mushroom sauce (powdered, just pour some milk over it, and it turns to sauce) -sliced mushrooms (in a can, you wanted easy here's...
Word!    Me and my best friend (at the time, I later switched schools and we moved to another neighbourhood so it was only 4-5 years, not my entire childhood or something) always *had* to have...
me too.  confession: sometimes i feel im a lesbian. :)
Tennis, Arkanoid (yes, really old stuff... im an '86 kid), Super Mario, Sonic The Hedgehog, Doom
i  LOVE  clothes
IMO: thats okay if youre INTP or something, but, not ISFP - I mean I'm like that, loner, but also, I desire to feel a connection to other people 24/7 and I can't focus on anything else really, but,...
You are really, really beautiful as in; a beautiful person, not just 'youre eye candy' or 'you play piano well, that is attractive'. Means most to me :)  No one ever says that to one another no...
poetry/music/lyrics, video games.... i played video games til i was 13-14 though, later on it was just music (i developed piano playing skills and singing, and songwriting so it was enough to be a...
Uhhuh. All this talk of visions of goodness and feeling 'different' (experiencing the world different with your heart and mind), I share that thought.
Bothers me too; I like thinking for myself. Doing something without knowing why is subordination to me. 'If you do that, we'll give you a treat. Don't ask why; nobody's asking for your opinion,...
ROFL :laughing: That is funny!!:laughing:
Insist that there is something you are not getting, you need to understand something; I know something you don't know, some deeper knowledge about 'all of this'; instead of just saying Sorry I...
Tell that to an ISxP specially :tongue:
ISFP, Stimulants, Cocaine; makes me feel connected to the world, instead of 'inside an isolation room' (I feel I'm never connected enough and always pretty much isolated from the world to some...'"


4318: 'Thanks a lot you guys. I've been wondering about this for a while now. Thank you. :)
Oh, I took a cognitive functions test and I got Ni. So, if that will help...
1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type? My natural curiosity. I mean, I'm always finding gaps and well different possibilities.  2) What do you yearn for in life? Why?...
which questionnaires, from where?
Right all of you gave me great insight. i was just asking out of curiosity since sometimes i find myself doing the same thing.  I imagine it happening like me being a sponge and sucking everyones...
Yes I was thinking that too. At least now I'm not the only one who sees it.
Okay I had this thought when i read this somewhere.  Apparently, INFJs take up all of the beliefs of people around them. is this true?  Does it define you by any chance? There was also this part...
Let me begin by saying that I am once again trying to figure out my mbti type. Last time I checked, years ago anyway, I got ISFP, ISFJ and INFJ, but now when I read descriptions of the types, I agree...
Misery  I hide behind the scars of my misery. I tell others that I'm afraid, but am I? When the heart is torn in four, what can you do? I only lie and continue to hide in my misery.  The tears...
Okay, I just watched it and well, it kills me to not to what they are. I'll learn to catch on one day, but do any of you have any ideas  as to what their personalities are? If you'd like, feel free...
I second the ISFP thing, but then again. He could very well be an INFJ. I'm not sure though.
I'm glad that I'm not the only one with being angry. I thought it was wrong of me, and stuff, but you all helped me alot. Thanks. :)
Thanks, that helps. I worry about getting angry around people too. I know I don't want to hurt anyone, but sometimes when I lose control, (and it has happened to an almost non-exsiting degree), I...
I feel like that too. I just don't notice other people's problems at those simple times. It makes me feel like a jerk, to tell you the truth, but I have to admit after all the numbing and keeping...
Another question. Do you guys sometimes, just bottle everything up to the point where you feel numb and not react to things around you? That happens to me a lot. Does this happen to any of you?
yes, it's probably true. I did have a bad experience with 6 before. yeah, I don't get bitter or resentful, for the most part, but I am very stressed. Specially when people don't listen to me. Thank...
Is it natural for us 6's to always be angry with everything. For one, I just don't get into a bad mood, but after a while, I just break and everything around me is stupid. I don't have anger issues,...
Wow, thank you. A lot of people seem to say that he is an INFP, and I believe that he is. I mean, some of the descriptions of him in the book just make me think of at least part of infp, but I could...
Thank you guys, so very much. It's all pretty clear and yes, you guys helped me understand the differences, so thank you all. :)
This was very interesting and fascinating. I definitely think that I focus on the external more than the internal. I just keep myself vigilant, almost like i'm waiting for something to happen. I...
Oh okay I see. Thanks so much for answering this for me. Man, I can't believe that all this time I knew I was a 6w5. I do wonder though, does it happen naturally or is it just something that everyone...
That makes sense, but maybe I didn't make myself clear. I don't like goals. I'm a sort of go-with-the-flow kind of person. Only when people ask that I put structure or want me to be more disciplined...
Should have guessed as much. I usually type 6 w 5. How did you figure it out, Kayness?
Fill this out, please :)  1. What drives you in life? What do you look for?  My main drive is nothing at the moment. I'm pretty sure that's a bad thing. But it seems like people always decide for...
I think this would account to some people's guess that he's a INFP, it all seems to fit. :)
Okay, I've been having a lot of trouble trying to figure out what type I am. I go between type 6 or 5.  I tend to be a very serious worrier, and tend to think a lot about problems. But that's just my...
Thanks, I find Chris McCandless a very interesting person, and all of you guys seem to make sense. I do think that he was more of a perceiver than a judger, but that was because I think he's a bit...
Thank you, guys. I really think I get the INFP feeling too. I read the book a bit more and it seems that it fits more and more. Thank you, for posting. :)
I do agree with the fact that he could be N. I read some parts of the book and people described him as seeing more the forest than the trees. He just saw the big picture.
thank you so much. :)
Thank you all for helping me, and Yes, I'll make sure to love and understand myself first.
Please, feel free to bash ahead. I don't really like the series anyhow. She's virtually impossible to handle and yeah, she has no major points that state she's an ISFP.
Oh gosh, I thought it was just me! yeah, I day dream a lot. I never noticed until I was in 9th grade and this girl spooked me out of my daydreaming. I was so pissed off to lose track of what I had...
Hidden Crush  I love you Dark brown hair,  ringlets in the sun. You captivate me, buy i don't captivate you. To me you're the sun and the moon, but I'm just a black hole in the sky. Nothing...
Okay, i know that after 11 I was a goner with love, things were just happening so fast, and I started to become a freak an outcast, I'm 17 now and boys don't accept me.  Well, the thing is that...
for the most part i'm always quiet, because when i talk to people, just as I'm in between asking whatever question i was asking, they stop me and say What?. It's embarrasing, but I haven't learned...
I'm a Libra and by the standard sign, no it doesn't fit. I've felt so fake so many times, and I blame it on my indecisive, peace-loving, weak-minded sign. Libra's are pretty stupid to me and its sad...
I don't know about this one, but I've read in some articles that Bella Swan from Twilight is an ISFP. Does anyone agree? I don't. I mean, I just don't feel like she would be an ISFP. She's not really...
I only recently started reading Into the Wild by John Krakauer and I, in the beginning, took a general dislike of the book. It was just a biography to me, so it didn't seem very special, but now...
I'm an ISFP and came out with this answer:   Your result for The Personality Plus Profiler Test ... Melancholly 14 Sanguine, 71 Melancholy, 29 Choleric, 21 Phlegmatic  It's pretty accurate. :)
Yeah, you're right. Some of us just take the whole mbti theory too far, and it makes us rigid to even think we can make something work. But you're right. I agree with you, it's not about following...
I'm not really sure, I'm too young to really say I;ve been in love, but I've had some crushes. And I feel an immeadiate pull. I keep the feeling inside, but that might be because I don't want the...
I believe all matches are good, but most people think that ISFP's are more sensitive than INTP. And while they enjoy each other's company. I think, and only me so please don't think it's completely...
That seems rather difficult to answer. They both seem the same, but I guess ISTPs are a little more reserved that ISFPs. Though both are good.
Sorry for the length, but thanks. I mean it's obvious by now that I'm an ISFP, everyone seems to agree on that. Or at least three people and that, to me, is more than enough. No one's commented...
Totally exciting. I find it interesting and it's good to know that I'm not the only one who does this. Even if you don't do it anymore, but still cool. :)
I know I guess it's something most of us have. And yeah, I write sometimes, my writing gets better when I start reading for some days and with all the new words in my mind I will I will be a little...
It sounds good, doesn't it. I've always wanted to be an author myself and you make it sound so easy and fun. Something I believe all of us ISFP's should have in our careers. :)::happy:
Striver/Believer  Your primary VALS™ type is Striver, and your secondary type is Believer.  I have no idea what they are, but that was my score. :):happy:
I find it easy to write, hard sometimes because I try to hard. But when it comes to drawing it comes out naturally. I may have to erase some parts, but mostly my drawings are good. :happy:'"


4332: '1: ISFP 2: Girl 3: youngest 4: I'm a visual-kinaesthetic learner, probably visual more so but both are important 5: Which three of these do you enjoy most?: Creative activities, social...
my friend was wearing fuzzy boots and let me reach down and touch them in my excitement/distraction :P
I spent many years believing I was an ISFJ, with occasional considering that I was an INFJ but going back to ISFJ. Then I passed fairly quickly through ESFJ and ENFJ before landing on ISFP.  ISFJ...
I first got ISFJ, and was subsequently sometimes getting INFJ, sometimes ISFJ, had big debates with myself, settled on being a Sensor with help from a friend.  Less than a year ago I realized...
Sleeping in, no bad dreams, actually woke up feeling rested and ready to face the day :)
If anyone's still looking for ISFP youtube videos:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DRNbPbcSRk This is me reading something I wrote from the perspective of Susan years after the events covered in...
I'm trying. Truly, I am. It's just so much harder than you'd think from the outside and it has been for a long time.
Dear INTP,  So, apparently, according to some type theory, we're supposed to be an enigma to each other. That would explain a lot.  sincerely, ISFP
/this reminds me of my fond childhood plan of building a house made out of bubble wrap in the jungles of Brazil.
I rarely keep a journal with any daily regularity for more than a few weeks at a time; sometimes I write several times a month, sometimes not for months. I do find the process of sitting and...
same :)
More on topic to the original post:  It depends on what it is I'm trying to analyze/take apart and from what angle. In general, though, if you want it to be reeeally deep and philosophical, I might...
Conversationally, I'm better at giving a short-and-to-the-point summary of what someone else is saying than at saying something concise myself (concise is definitely not how I would describe my...
That makes sense! When I initially got typed, I had a group of friends also interested in personality types, and we all thought I fit ISFJ just fine, but none of their types were ISFJ or ISFP, so...
Indeed! I don't think I've had the pleasure of meeting a fellow ISFP in real life.  Oh goodness... I don't think there is anything wrong with being an INTJ but I am sure an ISFP acting or feeling...
Hey, fellow previously confused person!! I don't think that's precisely how I'd word what happened with me, because my behavior to an extent matched up as well, although greater self-awareness is...
I don't think type changes over the years either. I'm not claiming to *be* a different type now than I was as a child or when I first took the test (and I never took any MBTI test as a child), and I...
Hello and welcome to all these new INFPs! Don't worry too much about being a little shy or awkward. I'd bet many of us who hang out much on internet forums feel that way :proud:
Hello and welcome! While I am sure you will hear differing opinions on this forum as well, I am inclined to think that one's type doesn't really change, although the type one appears to be...
Haha. No, that doesn't sound like anything I've been ever in my life (sarcasm) (it actually sounds like definitely part what I was in certain chunks of my childhood). Although I don't think that is a...
I've been lurking in the ISFP forums since it was suggested in a cognitive functions discussion that I might belong somewhere in SFP-land.  I read (ok, in some cases skimmed) through the ENTIRETY...
Emotionally fragile: handle with care. If I run and hide upon seeing you, it's not personal I'm just scared of everything!!! I actually really love people, don't be fooled by the above behavior and...
Hmm, interesting. Most of my college friends were intuitives, and I tended to feel inferior around them because a) if we were working on the same homework together friend A always seemed to be many...
Do you ever find it wearing to have been around people too long? You stated you find it wearing to be around too many people, or with someone you don't feel quite comfortable around, but not that any...
Hmmm. I like to think in terms of the cognitive functions for typing as it gets more specific (can you tell I'm a sensor, lol). So reading your first post, I was looking for whether there was more...
In cognitive function speak, INTP would be introverted thinking/extraverted intuition as the first two functions; ISTP would be introverted thinking/extraverted sensing (someone correct me if I'm...
Dear personality cafe member people, I LOVE personality type information so I've actually lurked around this forum quite a bit over the past few years (only sometimes, we're not talking daily habit...'"


4357: 'There are more Slytherins and less Gryffindors than I expected. The amount of Hufflepuffs does not surprise me however. I got Gryffindor.
Take lots of deep breaths!  What I've found about myself is that I'm good at a lot of things. I think SP's in general are good at just picking up something and being decent at it. Now this isn't...
Ah Te...I love you and hate you at the same time. I find the older I get the more my Te comes out...whether it is being organized and businesslike at work, or getting fed up with people and...
I have an ExTJ boss. We get along and have similar senses of humor but his energy leaves me reeling and wanting to hide in a corner after spending a lot of time with him. I personally prefer ISxJ...
INTJ. You have inferior Se, rely on Ni, and I can read Te and Fi traits in your description of yourself.    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Yes! I definitely relate to those descriptions of negative behavior. So that would mean I'm either an ISFP or INFP? But which one?
Well last Thursday I was in charge of an important breakfast. As in, the VP of the University I work for was there. I got there that morning and nothing had been set up like it was supposed to, there...
I'm getting a Fe/Ti vibe, so I would say either INFJ, ISFJ, or INTP.
Hmm, I'm getting ISFP from what you've said. Do you think that fits?
LOL You sound like me! I thought I was an ISFP at first, then I toyed with INTP, but I'm not 100% sure of anything.
I know that I'm introverted, but I have a hard time deciding the rest. If you could help me out, that would be great. Thanks.   1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type? ...
I've been married to one for almost eight years. :) He's definitely the anchor to my balloon. I get amused by how much he remembers from his past. He can remember each Christmas for almost 30 years,...
Since IT is a STEM field, I'll include myself as well. I'm currently pursuing a B.S. in IT, and I work as a help desk specialist. I really love helping people, so I get to indulge that side without...
See, I am pretty punctual and it bothers me on the rare occasions I am not. Like today, I was 5 minutes late to work because of traffic and it bothered me.
This description really does relate to me very well. I hate rejection and criticism, I do well professionally when I apply myself. I've been with the same man for 9 years, and I don't like having...
The Harmony-seeking Idealist        My Type  Career Advice
I was pretty sure I was ISFP for a while, but it didn't really seem to fit perfectly. Now that I've consulted my husband (who informed me I was more of a J than a P) and I'm taking an honest look at...
Seriously. I like being me, but at the same time I also annoy myself. Blargh.
YES. I was just thinking this exact same thing, it's like you're in my mind!! LOL
Also, look for jobs that give you autonomy, time to be alone to recharge introvert batteries, and looser structure. That will make you happier.
I've dabbled in quite a few areas, ranging from music to psychology to web design. Right now I'm finishing up my IT degree and working in that field for my job. Helping other people satisfies my Fi,...
Also, you can look into online resources like Coursera. MOOCs are a free way to gain knowledge and may be another good option, especially since you are doing it for fun.
I actually have been reading that book! However, like you said, she doesn't offer much advice on how to avoid it.   I think another reason I have been suffering from grip episodes lately is because...
I've been reading how stress can affect ISFPs, and how to brings to the surface our extraverted thinking. I recently got promoted to a full time job at my local university. I enjoy it, but there is a...
Honestly, it doesn't sound like you're into him as a person, more of the idea of him. If you're not into him that much now, why pursue the relationship longer? I would break up with him and find a...
I've heard that ISFPs generally have more sweet, sad, and kind faces than ISTPs. As far as a personality quirk, I do have expressive eyebrows when I'm feeling really emotional. I do make an effort to...
Thanks! I am actively trying to express my feelings more, but it feels very foreign and vulnerable. LOL  If anyone else has more advice I am open and would appreciate it as well.
I think the better question for me would be, What have I not been afraid of? LOL.  Let's see, fears I have dealt with: 1. Home invasion(I have been robbed) 2. Bee sting(stung this summer, no...
I don't remember my dreams very often, but I do find deja vu interesting. Mainly because my husband claims that it happens to him often.  I want to encourage any ISFP who feels discouraged in...
If I had to pick, I'd pick ENFP. Mainly because they seem like really fun people.
I'm not really sure if the difference between INFPs and ISFPs is really that pronounced. We both share Fi, and that's how I view and make most of my decisions about life.  For me, when I'm in my Se...
I see this as more a problem with how she interprets Christianity, not her personality. Yes, personality does factor into how she perceives the world, but I have an ISFJ Christian(or possibly Deist...
I have a hard time relating to Fe. I know that sounds weird since my primary function is Fi, but the way I was raised was to keep emotions inside. This combined with being married to an ISFJ makes me...
You dread having to mundane tasks related to finances. I had a job in banking, and I would have stayed if I didn't hate it so much.
For me, someone being positive and encouraging, but not letting me get away with pulling crap at the same time. Someone who lets me have space to breathe, but is also there for me when I need them.
If it's something I feel strongly enough to speak up about, I try to justify it in my head that way. Like standing up for a group of people who are being judged harshly or something I feel is...
I relate to ISFJ more than ISFP, I think. I can be nice and funny, but when push comes to shove I can be controlling as well. More opinions are welcome! :happy:
If they don't like your other choices then that's their problem. Wanting a brand-new iPad for an inexpensive price is not reality. Just tell them how it is and if they are upset it's not anything you...
I second the hobbies idea. Find something you're interested in and either join a group or start one.  What about a teen Bible study or youth group? Google those in your area.
I'd pick a tablet personally for the versatility.
I agree with these findings. I'm not chatty, my husband is more emotional than I, and I'm probably better at Math than he is.
I've been typed as a Deep Autumn, but I could also see myself as a Deep Winter.
Can you help me get clarification of my personality type? :happy:  1. Click on this link: Look at the random photo for about 30 seconds. Copy and paste it here, and write about your impression of...
I'm sitting on my 'spot' on the couch searching things on wikipedia or chasing after my so-not INTP daughter. :tongue:
Hi everyone! I'm an INTP, but I don't quite feel like I'm the stereotypical INTP. My inferior Fe a bit more developed than most, so I can fake social interaction okay. :wink:'"


4373: 'Public speaking is my nightmare
I always feel like an outsider. I just like to talk with just one person. If another person joins our conversation, I'll become quieter and awkward.
Just tell her the truth, and say that you don't want to hurt her feelings
Well, we're actually good friend, but this time I can't talk to her, because she always critics me. I think she's mad at me and I asked her, she said no, but she ignores me since then. It's really...
I most of them, but sometimes they're too social
I can be aggressive if someone hurt someone that I love. Or you took my freedom away.
Just asking,  How actually to make you guys happy around us (ISFPs)?
ENFP because they're so caring
I know one ESTJ, he doesn't agree with everything I said. He pissed me off most of the times.
ESTJ and ENTJ, ESTJ confuse me most of the time
Thanks!!!I love your personality too! You guys are so caring, and helped me a lot!
How do you guys read people soo well??   All ESFJs I met read other people really good. Not only just people's motive but thoughts too.
15
I think I can. I can sense someone hiding something from me.
My dream is to be a director of films or a designer. But I really want to be a director.
Hello :)
I really want to be an ENFP, but that's impossible for me. But now I accept who I really am.
YES!!! I thought I'm the only one :D
The Piano Guys! They're really cool :)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aF-Z1A0ujlg&amp;feature=c4-overview&amp;list=UUmKurapML4BF9Bjtj4RbvXw
Yes, I believe in God. He's the most important for me.
I only know one ISTJ, he's a boring person and too structure for me. I never met any other ISTJ, so I can't judge a personality with only just one person. But you can give it a go.
Art is the only way to runaway without leaving home Twyla Tharp
I like singing, but I have the worst voice in the world. I can really singing if someone teach me, like in choir (I was in choir once). Basically I sing to entertain myself.
Why I don't have a boyfriend?
Dear Anonymous,  I know that you're hiding something, why don't you just open to me?  Me
I just curios with what you guys think of ISFP.  Answer honestly :)
I'm really bad at public speaking. I often get stage fright and shaking like a chihuahua  Are you guys ever experienced this too?
Do you guys like performing?  I love performing like dancing and acting.  And you?
I like dancing. I had a ballet course when I was little, I actually like it even though I'm consider not so good at it. I have to stop it because I have asthma every time the course finish. I danced...
Honestly I can't answer this question.
ExFx personalities.
Sometimes yeah, because I'm really different than any other of my friends.
I'm good in Math, but not handling with money. To be honest I don't like Math.
I thought I'm the only one who have this problem.
Yes, I'm sensitive but also depends with who I'm with.
I would if no one want to start a conversation. I kinda hate awkward moments.
No, it's like you feel it and you know the answers but something holds your tongue.
Don't worry you're not the only one. It happens to me too :) , I'm pretty sure that I'm an ISFP. We can't divide our personalities exactly, because every human is different than the others.
Eating made me smile today :)
I have an ESFJ classmate. I think he likes me (I often heard some joke that he likes me, winks at me (more than one time), sometimes he's a bit flirty and he acts a bit weird around me).  But he...
I'm sorry but I don't think it works. I have an ESTJ classmate, he always annoy me. But if you want to try, it's OK.  Semoga sukses :)
I LOVE ENFP personality. Many of my classmates are ENFP, they're fun, loving, warm, kind, always there for you and always bring the best of others.
I always show it with actions. I'm a really bad speaker.
People always think that I'm hiding something from them.
I like listening, but depends if I like the person.
Dear INFP and ENFP,  Thank you for being with others when they needed it.  With love,  ISFP
Dear ESTJ,  You're the most intelligent and logical of all. Everyone in the world aren't the same as you, not think like you and some have a really sensitive feelings. Could you just be quiet if...
Dear ESFJ,  I like your personality. You are charming, sensible, smart, kind and cool. But just only one thing: Could you think before you speak, please? You can hurt people if you're not aware of...
As a child I got bullied, I see people quite differently now (negative way). When I was a child I was really loud, I hurt people (verbally) and lost some friends. I'm became really quite now than I...
I'm a flexible person. I can adapt to most situations. My friends call me a really nice person. I don't take sides. People say that I'm a really creative person.'"


4390: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=Xn676-fLq7I Meh it's overplayed ya but still its good none the less
Holy crap this songs Amazing!(Moonlight Sonata):laughing:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIbepKZC7Po
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqKPe9w5bUs&ob=av3eHa What?
Heck Ya this song means a lot to me mostly because of the amazing lyrics.Though Ill have to check out Simon and Garfunkel never heard of them before.Mostly because im more into alt rock then most...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckOh86bm798&feature=related Friggin amazing :crying:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=KyP0DACgdgc#!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsUfTdm0leA&feature=BFa&list=PL8987FA9E220443B3&lf=mh_lolz ...
Tis gold  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyP0DACgdgc
Man to know your purpose is something that we will never no at least in this life...as for my dream I still have no clue:laughing:
Good Lord this stuffs amazing!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOo55jYJlV8
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8q0Vopa2FM&feature=BFa&list=LLVYaASbPvYNAHdU9AJduvig&lf=mh_lolz  Could be helpful :confused:
Well personality types are ways that you process information.I had the same problem thinking that I was a thinker and not a feeler.And usually only you can determine what you are but it sounds as...
Man our moms  should hang out for coffee or somethin mine is the same way.Really from what it sounds the problems don't begin with you.You cant change how someone views you only the things you do you...
Well its referencing the song from Mumford and Sons really because I relate to the song ALOT also couldn't think of anything better...
Well when I think of nature I seem to have a deep appreciation for it.Now part of that is feeling based but in another perspective its about the complexity of it.Not only do you look at nature and...
Good god this is me D:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8q0Vopa2FM&feature=BFa&list=LLVYaASbPvYNAHdU9AJduvig&lf=mh_lolz
I love you
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6MlaIe1ljs Dumbest movie ever made
Get the feeling of giving someone a big old hug... man I care about people too much
Well ill probably regret this the second I post it but whatever... 33708 oh god:laughing:
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-kPuyC4luV4c/TkiL0jLzFRI/AAAAAAAAKsA/0peD46iSZqg/s1600/Green+Field+with+White+Sky+Wallpaper.jpghttp://wallpapers4all.info/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/triforce-wallpaper-the-leg...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmBnvajSfWU&feature=BFa&list=LLVYaASbPvYNAHdU9AJduvig&lf=mh_lolz
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkExT_pDyI8&feature=autoplay&list=LLVYaASbPvYNAHdU9AJduvig&lf=mh_lolz&playnext=5 longing:kitteh:  what ill be like in like 5 minutes  ...
Hope its something so simple and yet so complex.With too much you are irrational but with to little you are indifferent to anything going on around you.I can truly relate to what you say. I've always...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpWmlRNfLck Good god ya lol   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duTKDlPXCQg&feature=related
Admitting to my parents tomorrow Im depressed...God this is going to be hard
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTFFQkdhw6Q&feature=BFa&list=LLVYaASbPvYNAHdU9AJduvig&lf=mh_lolz
I truly fear becoming like my parents. Also that no one will ever take genuine interest in me.
Ha ya I seem to have a liking of them...  Edit: Oh ya crazy for that banjo:crazy:
Has a nice sound right? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgDNCmGr-Q4&feature=BFa&list=LLVYaASbPvYNAHdU9AJduvig&lf=mh_lolz
Overall peace
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sv6dMFF_yts&feature=BFa&list=LLVYaASbPvYNAHdU9AJduvig&lf=mh_lolz   Friend of mine said I should listen to this ...
Update:Said symptoms to my parents.There reaction Oh no you have that noro virus! Before I say anything That means you cant go to school for three days. Then they start arguing over what my older...
At this point in the game I've been looking into legal ways to get out of this mess.My parents are very close to crazy and they project that onto you making you feel like your crazy as well.If they...
Man and this is where I struggle because I watch both my little sisters 2 and 11. And with that I cant leave the house till my parents get home and even then I cant let them ever deal with shit that...
Well that's most of the problem.By telling my parents they will only use that for  fodder in one of there daily fights.I guess I was only denying the inevitable when I thought I could get that kinda...
Obviously this is not the place to talk about such things.But I couldn't find other opinions on the matter so this is seemed alright.Problem is how do I explain this to my parents?Im thinking about...
Gotta have fun once in a while right?Post stuff that makes YOU laugh this stuff made me lol  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ot9JtiHhiU&feature=BFa&list=LLVYaASbPvYNAHdU9AJduvig&lf=mh_lolz ...
Yep do the same thing.In the end we all go through shit and its truly hard to find a caring ear without feeling bad or selfish.:proud:
A caged animal.That's the best way to describe it.On one side you have the first zoo keeper crazy but only if you make her mad.The second zoo keeper unpredictable and non-empathetic.And you the...
There are so many problems in the world what would or even will change about them?
Awesome! Glad to know there's someone out there with the same thinking.Found this Perpetual motion - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia which made me feel if this were made then it would break some...
expressing,regretting,forgetting
God I can relate a lot to this. I use escapism through any means also I lose myself in music and basically forget about the world which is the best thing for a person like me. But in any case that's...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0HrrR9QDQU&feature=autoplay&list=LLVYaASbPvYNAHdU9AJduvig&lf=mh_lolz&playnext=1  This is good stuff...
Ya I agree though I can't ever know anyone to know how they think that's my closest way of saying the choice ends on how you look at yourself and that no one can claim a personality over you.
Not an inventor by any means but get this generator made of magnets id look like the yin-yang thing and would be infinite energy.  Sorry if this is the dumbest thing you have heard of but bear with...
Yep had the same problem mostly because of the way I was raised but that's irrelevant.This helped a lot in explaining if I was a T or a F    INFPs do not like to deal with hard facts and logic....
God how is it a dad can treat you like sh*t and expect a warming hug from his son whenever he comes home.I mean come on im past the point in caring about him so why is it so hard for him to just...'"


4393: 'How is adding someone on social media needy?? It´s just friendly.  I would wait a little bit, till you get to know each other better though. Not right away.
Ah, no. I´m quite the opposite. But, I think it has more to do with your Enneagram type. I´m 3w4. You are probably a 9.
I´m a very fun loving person, I also consider myself to be quite a hedonist. I like to travel, go to parties, enjoy beautiful places, etc. I find that often it interferes with my idea of how much I...
I have a friend who´s an INFP and I can´t see myself with him. He is too feminine for my taste. BUT, I have been attracted to INFP men that have a bit more masculinity to them. I find their emotional...
I don´t think it has anything to do with predicting your actions. It´s a matter of self-discipline and responsibility, character, concern for others.....idk. I think ISFP would be far the worst in...
One thing that I really don´t like is unreliable people. If we agreed to go somewhere or do something, than do it! I don´t like people who promise to do something and then they don´t or bail last...
Yeah, she is definately introverted and going to parties is not exclusive to extroverts. I also go to parties and I´m an introvert.  Why I think ISTP? She is quite and private. She is not an open...
Ah, yes, my driving instructor was also an ESTP, he was so temperamental and would yell at me sometimes. He once made me cry, but then apologized the next day. He told me he couldn´t sleep because of...
Hey, guys! Do you sometimes find ESTP type too rough? My dance teacher I think is an ESTP and I think she is a good person, but I find her too rough and it sometimes makes me uncomfortable. She...
I can be quite philosophical. Often when people ask me a simple question, I answer with some deep philosophy lol. I sometimes wonder if I´m INFP though, but I think I´m a Se user. Also, I tend to...
@stathamspeacoat    thank you for your kind words! :)  @sicksadworlds   so sorry to hear that! :( I understand how you feel. Its good to know we are not alone. Try maybe to find some hobby to...
Thanks for your replies, guys! :) My problem is that I´ve been unemployed for a long period of time and being financially dependent on parents right now is causing me stress. I also live with them,...
Lately I have been very stressed and I have noticed that I exhibit strange behaviour because of it (maybe I´m even a bit depressed). I first withdrew a little bit, cause I´m not so in the mood for...
She comes across as more quiet, she´s not loud. And I suppose ESTP would be better socially?
I have a friend (a girl) who I think is an ISTP. She is in her early 30s. She is nice, but often exhibits behaviour that is socially weird, impolite or disrespectful. Is that normal for ISTP in their...
I can really relate to the way she is. To cut and run is very typical for ISFP. We don´t like drama. For me personally it only happened with the ESFP girl that I was thinking about trying to save...
I understand, but I think ISFP reasoning is not always totally rational. It can be one small thing that really hurt her and made her cut contact or more little things throughout the time that made...
Well, usually if I cut people out of my life, I do it for good. So far it didn´t happen that I took them back, but they didn´t even try that hard. The thing is, I believe that people don´t change, so...
heh, let me know when you find out :D
Heh, good question. I just read 4w3 description, fits also.:/  What would be the main difference? I guess 3s don´t want to be that much unique as 4s?  EDIT: Basically I decided I´m a 3 instead of...
Yes, I tend to idealize too. But, I come to my senses. Sometimes it´s hard. But I think the idealisation is mostly when you have a crush on someone but you´re not dating them. If you are dating the...
I figured this is a rare enneagram type for ISFP. I first thought I was 4, then 7 and lastly I figured I´m most likely a 3w4. And I´m bored :D So, ask me anything :D
I´m a songwriter, does that count? ;)
brightflashes well, I can see both aloof and mysterious, elusive and mystical. Emotionally expressive? I would say not much, mostly when joking. But I think Fi can be like that sometimes too, no? If...
Well, I can´t figure out one guy. He actually scored INTP, but I was convinced he is INFP. Now I´m not so sure. He comes across as masculine and confident and also a bit of a jerk sometimes. Other...
How to differentiate an INTP and INFP guy? Does INTP appear more masculine? Would an INTP ever claim they feel a lot?
Does anyone else feel a strong chemistry with the INFP type? Well, of course not each and every INFP, but it happend to me already a couple of times that I felt it, I don´t know how to explain it....
Heh, they usually say Croatia. :)
Donald Trump is an ENTJ. I don´t know how someone can think he is any other type. The ENTJs don´t want him as one of them, because he is *stupid* according to them, but he is not so stupid and this...
Lol, why would you want to be more understanding towards bad behaviour?
MBTI has really been helpful to me to understand myself and other people better, but one of the negative things I noticed is that I tend to justify someone´s bad behaviour as Oh, he´s just an INFP...
INFPs always break my heart. :( I´m actually not sure if these two personalities would be the best match out there (for me at least) but it did happen to me that I had strong feelings for a couple of...
He´s so fine. I say ENTJ.
@Im FiNe your post made me feel really bad. :/ I didn´t mean to hurt him. I really didn´t mean anything with it, maybe only to slightly motivate. In my experience men are usually like that, that if...
Yeah, I can see that my Se might come across as rough....Speaking of signs, I already posted a love song before on my FB in his mother tongue (and we are friends on FB) and captioned it so to make it...
I think I officially don´t know how to deal with INFP men. Every time I try to motivate them I actually create the opposite effect. So, to recap: I invited this guy out 5 times, of which 4 times he...
What did she reply? I don´t think you should start admiring her art cause that might come across as sleezy. I think you should apologize and tell her what you just told us here, it was quite...
INFPs are the most confusing men ever. Period. I´m good friends with one INFP male and I know that they change their mind literally every 5 minutes....so what you describe is quite normal for them,...
Thank you for your reply!  Yeah, ISFPs are not that great in verbal communication. If they asked me to write down the answers I would be much better. I think another problem might be that we are...
Great! Let us know how it went! :)
That´s interesting. Another guy that I know and I think he is also an INFP does the same thing. I basically met him only once in real life and he striked me as an idealist. He then found me on FB...
Hi! For quite some time I´m trying to find a job, but with no luck. When I was younger I was actually quite successful working in the art and fashion industry. I´m now finishing my master in...
Gender: female-unsure Age: 27-37 Intelligence: gifted Openness: early-adopter MBTI personality profile: ISFJ Closest alternative we found: ISTJ  Pretty good! Except for I´m ISFP :)
As other people here said, you don´t have to invite her as if it´s a date. You can approach it in a friendly manner, like school friends hanging out. I think it´s quite normal for school friends to...
Thanks! But, why is that it´s hard? I don´t know about your particular situation, but I´ve invited this guy out several times, so I think it would be safe for him to assume that I would accept his...
You think he´s ISFP?  Well, because he seems very smart, hahaha. Kidding....well, I gave him the test and he scored INTP. But, I think he´s INFP. He´s very philosophical and idealistic. I don´t...
He doesn´t seem shy. He seems introverted definately, but not shy. But maybe he´s shy with me. I don´t know. The thing is, as an ISFP I usually connect through Se. I don´t need that much talking,...
Hey, guys! So I´ve been following your advice with this INFP guy and at first it went well. I was trying to establish some friendship. We went out a couple of times and talked a lot and he seemed to...
I´m having the same problem with an INFP guy! He´s so passive! But, I´m afraid to make the move cause I don´t want to scare him off. I think he likes me, but he just stares at me, nothing else. He...
BlueChristmas06 messaged you :)'"


4432: 'I have same kind of traits, but no one has ever asked / told me anything of that sort. Of course, I don't know whether they have thought of it... I've had some weird looks, though. Some people just...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAe1lVDbLf0   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tmc8rJgxUI
:rolling:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSwL9deXNW8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xakusOLnvPk
Mum: ISFJ Dad: IxTP  I've sometimes thought that my dad might be INTJ, but no. I'm quite sure he's INTP, or possibly ISTP. He's just not very clearly either one. It's difficult to tell how he...
I got Peacemaker as well.   Nature: 60% Visionary Tactics: 54% Observant Energy: 66% Introverted Identity: Supporting
I think that these are actually better than the original ones.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZfVbvSVUbw   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80tX5MLX8QY  ...
The Magnificent Seven (2016) I didn't see the end, though. :rolleyes:  Rather boring movie, I don't know why they had to make a new version of that, anyway..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs
I need 8-10 hours of sleep, but in reality I sleep that much only at weekends.  On weekdays I sleep 6-8 hours.. more if I have an evening shift and less if I have a morning shift on the following...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-O3kYrDPbI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HFS0RMLFeg
For myself:   Are ISFP less sexually permissive? - I have my limits, but I would say that I'm relatively open-minded  Are ISFP very monogamous?  - I am, but I believe there are many ISFPs who...
Any type can be caring/protective of people they care of.   I like to give gifts, like bake cookies or give something they have been wanting to have. It's the easiest way for me to show that I care...
Today I realized that I might have a mild anxiety disorder.. And that I need more sleep.
Here are some suggestions (mostly about history): - Ken Follett's The Century Trilogy (Fall of giants, Winter of the world, Edge of eternity) - The Crusades Trilogy and The Great Century -series...
Do any of you get panic attacks, or have panic disorder?  What it's like and how do you react when you have a panic attack?
I mostly tend to think feelers as feminine and thinkers as masculine.   Except for NFs. I'm not sure why, but I see ENFJ, INFP and ENFP as masculine and INFJ as feminine.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z98iIXzRgvo
Collection of poems by Wislawa Szymborska  I don't read poems very often, but these are really, really good! :happy:
I like to walk in a park, or anywhere. I usually prefer to walk by myself because I listen to music at the same time and have a sort of flow state of mind, but sometimes it's nice to walk with...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1coNgmWS0fs&list=PLP_wIb5Xn7Z3yxJVEnRDp2tEyN5UQ7G8F
The music video is inexplicably beautiful as well. :happy:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emTePWNepkk
I saw a documentary about the differencies in male and female brains. The results showed that our culture has induced the most of them and there are only small differencies that are inborn.   (Is...
Lolo (2015)  It was funny, I rather like French comedies. I recommend! :encouragement:
Avril Lavigne - Girlfriend Pink - So what Justin Bieber - Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSt6H1qwItk
I can't relate to that description very well, or maybe I would've ten years ago, but not anymore.   I've had more trouble admitting some other things, but not that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_nqpHEXdWM
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children To me this seemed like a mixture of Harry Potter, X-Men and The Cider House Rules. The idea is a bit worn out, but if you look pass that, the movie's just...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uxt-FnNy2I
That music video :rolling:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WybiA263bw
Questions for you people!  After discovering the MBTI system and the types, have it been easier for you to understand or tolerate the behaviour of other people, that you didn't necessarily...
A few questions for you..  After discovering the MBTI system and the types, have it been easier for you to understand or tolerate the behaviour of other people, that you didn't necessarily...
Yoo-hoo!  After discovering the MBTI system and the types, have it been easier for you to understand or tolerate the behaviour of other people, that you didn't necessarily tolerate / understand...
Questions  After discovering the MBTI system and the types, have it been easier for you to understand or tolerate the behaviour of other people, that you didn't necessarily tolerate / understand...
Questions  After discovering the MBTI system and the types, have it been easier for you to understand or tolerate the behaviour of other people, that you didn't necessarily tolerate / understand...
Some questions for you:  After discovering the MBTI system and the types, have it been easier for you to understand or tolerate the behaviour of other people, that you didn't necessarily tolerate...
I have a few questions, in case there's someone there:  After discovering the MBTI system and the types, have it been easier for you to understand or tolerate the behaviour of other people, that...
Questions  After discovering the MBTI system and the types, have it been easier for you to understand or tolerate the behaviour of other people, that you didn't necessarily tolerate / understand...
Yoo-hoo! Questions for you!  After discovering the MBTI system and the types, have it been easier for you to understand or tolerate the behaviour of other people, that you didn't necessarily...
I have a few questions..  After discovering the MBTI system and the types, have it been easier for you to understand or tolerate the behaviour of other people, that you didn't necessarily...
After discovering the MBTI system and the types, have it been easier for you to understand or tolerate the behaviour of other people, that you didn't necessarily tolerate / understand before?  ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgyVvoODWGA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-5GB9erjgg
I don't know about other ISFPs, but I like to keep my options open because it's very likely that I will change my mind if I make decisions too hastily. Of course it depends on the subject and the...
Dear INTP,  Call me.  Sincerely, ISFP  Or I could just call you.......
Faramir (LotR) because he has the wisdom and loyalty and kindness, but he's not a fool.   Konstantin Levin (Anna Karenina) because he's hardworking and independent, but also gentle and kind. And a...
Nutshell by Ian McEwan'"


4433: 'a) or e) fix a great babysitter to be with the kids that the kids like and do something for him/herself I'm not neutral for any. I don't do neutral :-) I want my partner to be a team. Sometimes,...
You can install both Mac and Windows on the same computer. And you choose at boot time.
You're right. But I don't see it as virtuosity. For me it's more about expressing my Fi. And musicwise, for me it would be to compose. I have made songs but haven't really managed to express my...
Actually, I would say that you did. Maybe not consciously because you were too young to have an explicit will about it. It just happens that you've been in contact with painting at young age and been...
Thanks a million for all your inputs. This is so inspiring! The thing is for me that I really feel I am here on this earth to express things. To communicate something. And it is totally new to me...
I woke up in the middle of the night sweaty and my heart full of anxiety. I don't know what my talent is and if I don't try to find out, I'm gonna die one day without even knowing myself or having...
I get really mad inside. But usually, I just fence off and leave the place. At least mentally. I don't see the point of arguing loudly. Injustice is the topic that triggers me the most. I just can't...
I think it really depends if you find: - a topic or an area that fascinates you. Think about what you're interested in at reading or what kind of documentaries you can spend hours watching. Usually,...
Like in everybody on this planet? Nope. Surely a very culturally dependent thing.
I spent some time with my relatives the past 2 weeks. I took the chance and had my parents do an MBTI test. I was amazed that both turned out to be ISFP's too. And my brother as well. All ISFP's. It...
I relate too. What a great threads and posts!! I was single until age 24. I was too shy and too busy to get into dating and stuff. And then it hit me at 24. Since then, the longest I was single was...
This whole general idea of romantic love feels very dead to me. Having a binary norm single/couple-for-life of relationships is quite medieval. A partner is a good friend with whom you have a good...
It strikes me that indecisiveness seems to be largely tainted with negativity. Being indecisive may be bad. But not necessarily.  I find myself comfortable being indecisive about certain things...
Asking artists to express in words what they feel inside is like asking a mechanic to make a choreography of what is needed to repair your car. Not really, I know. Dodgy analogies... Just trying to...
If I consider a relation in the long term, I tend to have an unpleasant knot in the stomach. I feel that commiting will limit me, and one day I'll die looking back at my life like I haven't allowed...
I'm not the OP but that interests me a lot this you're saying. I kind of agree that the trust issue is learned behaviour, most probably during childhood. I kind of disagree that it necessarily...
This helps a lot! Thanks a million NaotoShirogane! This is pretty deep so I'll have to let it settle in me for a few days :-) Thanks!
Yes! At social occasions with non-parents, I often hear that they feel disturbed and looked down upon when someone else says you'll see when you have kids. In one way, I totally understand their...
Same here! At the mention of love, I close my eyes and think of all the beautiful moments with my kids. I see them growing up, my heart and my eyes fill up with unconditional love in an instant.
I don't have any major problem to date or chase a partner. Of course, I'm a bit shy sometimes and my heart races when I'm really attracted to someone but I don't find this to be special to ISFP's....
Actually, I read The ISFP is a service-oriented person, who defines their personal worth in some part by how happy they make others. This is typical of people with the Feeling preference. The...
-
Totally agree! And thanks for your detailed inputs. This is teaching me a lot, both about the MBTI types and actually about myself. It's very liberating to compare Se/Si and Ne/Ni instead of S/N that...
Sounds cool! Another test! :-)  Type 1   Perfectionism

30% Type 2Helpfulness




|70% Type 3Image Focus



42% Type 4Individualism





||82% Type...
That's very interesting indeed. To me, I like the idea that everything is connected which makes the universe so complex and so beautiful. However, my approach of difficult decision making is quite...
Thanks NaotoShirogane. I really appreciated you spent so much time to describe for me the cognitive function in my everyday talk. This is very enriching. When it comes to ENFP/INFP, it's that I do...
1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type? I've got both the INFP and ISFP results when doing MBTI tests. And I find it hard to find which preference I have.  2) What do you...
I feel totally comfortable with saying no to advices. I know it puts people off but then I think that I don't need this kind of people in my life. Too self-centered that they can't realize that...
First of all, thanks Angaliene for bringing up this topic! This forum is a great place to bring this up. And I really welcome the initiation of digging into this.  I do believe that there is some...
I usually did the MBTI test with my dates and it was funnily shocking that 90% were ENFJ's. During the dating period, it was really nice, because it pushed me to put myself out there and the...
I like how you organized your home You are so reliable You're very inclusive You never miss a detail
For me, progress is having felt feelings, experienced stuff, learning things, being sensible to new things and discovering how all things are connected to each other. However, I know for sure that...
It's hard to tell from your story how it was for the others. When your friend said that it feels really awkward with me around, and it feels like im a creep, it could be a shit test and she was...
Oh I do feel unable to be myself most of the time. Most of the time indeed. I'm pretty much in the moment all the time but afterwards, I reflect and wonder why I acted like I did and question...
One interesting article proposing other perspectives which even if not necessarily all true either bring some nuancing in the question Why Everything You've Read About Ukraine Is Wrong - Forbes
I kinda stay neutral or peacemaker. Actually, if two friends are having an argument, I'd tease both and give perspectives that haven't been considered by any of them. They'll eventually join cause...
I want to be accepted for who I am without being judged. I don't want to lead or be led. I just wanna live side by side. But somehow, the closeness of a relationship always start to turn into...
I see myself like a old wise guy to whom people come to to discuss how things are working and how everything is connected with everything... But somehow, what I dream of is really peace inside.
I have the great honor to be the father of 2 children. And I've never felt so good as I am with them. Everything is so simple, self-evident and unconditional that I really find my place in this world...
Same here. And by experience, I notice that I sometimes get too involved. I loose perspective and I just make my own life harder than it could be. Eventually, I can also hurt people unnecessarily....
I'm really sensitive to this thing. I notice that otherwise, after a while, I'll feel used and taken for granted. It's a very bad place to be for me. And the next thought will automatically be to let...
Thanks! I haven't thought of it as a rule of integrity. I was kind of looking down at it like a weakness or a fear to commit.
This is exactly where I am. It's weird to get recognition for something we don't even like in the first place! For the interruption stuff, I got the best advice 3 months ago about email: check your...
Of what I understand, there are no 2 sides. There's a very small minority of people interested (economically, politically) in having a conflict and who pretend to talk in the name of large...
A coincidence lately has made me think about how little I am engaging in persuasion. If someone else's will conflicts with mine, I naturally come to think that we should both do what we want...
I've just made a post in my calendar to remind me the 30 august: INFP DAY (there's no way otherwise I will remember it...)
I did online dating and i thought it was quite fun and rewarding. I'm an INFP male so of course I didn't get many views or contacts but I didn't really care. Statiscally, it was probably a...
Wow, that's a great idea! And it appeals to me that it's an internet forum thing just because it's not commercial and kinda pure art (and that I don't need to sit in meetings for hours to do some...
Statistically, it's pretty lucky to be an INFP male, since it's quite rare. And I'm really happy to be who I am. Not Hollywood-happy, but really, I'm so satisfied of having all this sensitivity and...
Listen to me and accept that my thoughts, opinions, feelings and views are not up for negotiation unless I explicitly say so. Respecting my inner world is to NOT try to change it. I easily feel...'"


4453: 'Kate Nash- My Best Friend is You Miguel- Kaleidoscope Dream Fun- Some Nights Radiohead- Ok Computer
Graduate School Student
I love this thread! :) lots of wonderful artworks by fellow ISFPs... I hope I could post something, maybe one of these days :D
I have a lot of celebrities  that I admire but the top ones are Helena Bonham Carter and Jennifer Lawrence, for me they are good role models and are an inspiration . As for fictional characters,...
hmm aside from appearance ( I do look younger than my age, people think that I'm the youngest in the family even though I'm the eldest) people see me as childish because I still do childish things...
I get jealous over little and stupid things too haha I don't know why, but sometimes I would be so paranoid about little things :/ haha
I like cheese but not so much because I'm lactose intolerant :(
I would be stunned for a few seconds, like my mind would go on a holiday someplace else then I would try to calm myself down. :)
I love working with the music blasted at my ears, I even do it while studying so I wouldn't be distracted by other people's noise.
I used to fancy getting a tattoo when I was a teenager (lol the angsty, rebellious years) but then I changed my mind when I grew older. I'm scared of getting one honestly and I've heard people...
Well if I can sense that the person is sincere with his/her apology I would accept it but I would be careful around the person. Sure we can be friends again but I just don't want to be hurt by the...
Yes. I could only imagine the horror these kids went through and having the media retell their stories just makes me sad. And hearing stories about copycats who wants to try the same thing makes me...
I just tend to avoid people I don't like, I may have small talk with them but I won't initiate having a conversation with them, I wouldn't also tell them that I don't like them except when they ask...
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other -Abraham Lincoln
I daydream most of the time. It has become a habit that my friend made it a game to catch me daydreaming or staring into space. :P I daydream when I'm bored or when my mind has a lot of things to...
I love animals. When I was a kid, our house was like a mini zoo because I would keep adopting animals (given by neighbors who didn't want them or keep stray cats), my mom (who doesn't like animals...
My brother is an ESTP (we just found out about his personality type recently) and for me he's the most arrogant person I've ever known. It's one thing I hate and admire about him, he can have the...
Congratulations on being a robot Mashidar !!! :D
woah 10000 posts! Congratulations! :)
I tend to look bored on pictures haha
a big NO. haha
yes. My SO is an INFJ and when I met him he seems like an extrovert.
Yes. I'm happy being typed as an ISFP. I originally thought that I'm an INFJ but ISFP feels more like me. :)
my puppy cookie made me smile today :)
My Neighbor Totoro and Spirited Away are my favorites :)
I love dancing when I'm alone, I can get all crazy with my dance moves. I can be pretty creative in forming dance steps when I'm alone but I'm too shy to show it to other people, I feel like others...
Gettingacrossthebridge congratulations robot! :D
huh? why?!? :O
I've got Slytherin on Pottermore :3
haha I agree, these smilies just grew on me:blushed: I used to hate them cause I think they look weird but then after some time, I find them cute especially this one :kitteh: :laughing:
I haven't been diagnosed with depression but when I'm sad it gets pretty intense that I sometimes have suicidal thoughts.
As long as you feel happy around them, I'd say go for it. :D I don't know if this applies to ISFP's in general but when I'm in love I just can't stop thinking about the person (I think this happens...
I'm more productive and more energetic at night.
Acerbusvenator - I think he is also the INFJ who would protect himself by acquiring more information about them... Thank you for your advice, I would keep them in mind. Same goes for Tim in CA and...
yup I wish I would know more about him too, as much as he would be interested in knowing things about me.
Hello INFJ's   I hope you can help me and give me advice on how to understand my SO. We've been in a relationship for almost a year now and still somehow there are parts of him that I can't...
uh, no. Introverts are quiet and reserved by nature. Hipsters on the other hand tends to dwell on the obscure just to look cool.
Welcome to PerC and Have fun! :D
oh I see. I'll take your advice and have our soil checked. Only weeds and some plants grow in our yard. Thank you :)
Luna Lovegood. I think I can relate to her in many ways.
A month long vacation or a massage. :D
Manila, Philippines
I agree with you. I love how classy the outfits were during the 1950's. It's sexy yet it doesn't reveal much
I used to collect sea shells, marbles, pens/pencils, crayons, post-its :P
LOL and I thought that I'm just a sleepyhead. It's interesting that a lot of ISFPs are sleepyheads too. I usually take naps in the during the day to help me feel energized when I want to stay late at...
I like plants and flowers and everything else in nature. Although I don't have a green thumb for planting stuff (which really sucks cause almost everything I plant, dies). :(
I got 8- down to earth
LOL big love fromISFP's :D
I just do whatever makes me comfortable and somehow that makes me stand out because out as weird or unique. Although it makes me feel uncomfortable when people starts noticing. :/
I am skinny and I do not eat healthy at all. Although I try to eat healthy food sometimes, but it's hard when you're alone and don't have the time to cook nutritious food. :('"


4479: 'I agree. An unhealthy ESFJ would habitually use outbursts of emotion to manipulate (and be histrionic with these outbursts most likely, Cersei only wishes to draw attention when needed) & sway other...
1: What's your MBTI Type? ISFP. 2: What's your Gender? Cisgender female. 3: Are you the eldest child, middle child, or youngest child? Middle. 4: How do you learn: Hands-on, seeing, or auditory?...
I agree with Belle & Pocahontas' typings but as for the others, I'd have to watch the movies again to get reacquainted with their characters.
Oh man I hate getting my face very wet I always stand with my back to the shower & when I wash my face I fill my hands with water & rinse it like you would at the sink. I also engage in the ritual of...
(regardless of if this gets moved I want to reply)    Not going to lie at all here, I've felt this way because I felt I had something to prove. And when I thought I was a Ti-dom, I didn't want...
To me it seems ISFP symbolism in music is easier to 'decode' than INFP symbolism. If I were writing a song, I wouldn't feel comfortable with a high amount of abstract symbolism used in some...
I was once told I remind someone of Jo from Supernatural (not sure if I like that comparison but hey). Also that I was like Phoebe from Friends (which I was very flattered to hear).   I personally...
It gave me ENFP with my level six word as revelation. Hmmm.
Derek has always truck me as using Fi because he expresses his feelings through action more that words. But it is true his shortsightedness & impatience is a Se-trait (one I share).   Also, Te is...
Not 100% on the types of each character, but regardless I associate these characters with these types.  ESTP: Tom Haverford (he may be an ENTP) ESFP: ??? ISTJ: Dana ScullyRick Grimes ISTP: Emma...
Scott is such a doe-eyed idealist & romantic I can't imagine him being a thinker. And he rose to the task of being a leader so quickly I can't see introvert either (especially not ISFP). He's ruled...
Well, not ALL ENTJs are in-your-face & rude. :tongue:
ENTJ is my shadow. As long as they're not too domineering & invasive I get along with them alright.
What.
I only have 7 open, I'm a lightweight. :cool:
What about Monica from Friends? I can also see ESTJ, but she's so fixated on marriage & children & wanting someone to nurture.
Okay I'll bite. I've bolded what I identify with in this description of my sign - Taurus.  Positives: Taurus people are caring and loving (yes but not in the traditional cookie & a hug way). They...
ESFP (frisky jumping ESFP fox:wink:)
Well, the only movie character whose type I'm sure of is Newton Geiszler from Pacific Rim (supporting character, gets a good amount of screen time), who has to be the blatantly obvious ENTP I've ever...
As for easily taken, I'll say this site's cognitive quiz. As for overall accuracy, I'll say keys2cognition.
Only ESTJs, ESFJs, & ENFJs are great matches for me? Yeah I think my options aren't limited to three types. :dry:
ISFP doesn't automatically mean bad at math & science. Maybe it's less common for us to be, but feelers are not incapable of understanding systems that don't relate to our feelings. Personally, I'm...
Why do I ever bother being in TV fandoms online oh my god they can be the most whiny, melodramatic bunch of brats you've ever met it's not that fun anymore maybe I should just quit & start a...
Does anyone else get results as a type that you are not? Most of the time I get INTP, sometimes ISTP & every now & then ISTJ. I get ISFP when taking one that's aware of what MBTI actually is like...
You remember a period of your life & automatically think of your favourite song of the time, the weather at the time & what you commonly ate at the time.
Anyone who texts you with language like I need my honey plzzzz xxxx is someone to stay far away from.
I agree if you really think that say INFPs can only be Fours, ENTJs can only be Eights & so on. And will automatically disbelieve that someone could be of an unconventional MBTIEnneagram pairing...
ENTP huh. Flattering, but I'm an ISFP. :wink: I have noticed many of my favourite characters are ENTPs (I have a love for snarky narcissists). Newton Geiszler is very, very much an ENTP in my...
@stoicBrit Either ISTP OR ISTJ (I know those types' functions are quite different but I get a xSTx vibe from the characters you listed).  Newton Geiszler (Pacific Rim) Katherine Pierce (The...
Watercolour tattoos oh man I'm in love.  http://25.media.tumblr.com/8cd458f11e086918e735e218e05b3093/tumblr_mpnxjaM0Ok1r1xc9fo3_400.jpg ...
I'm an ISFP, I never go anywhere without an easel & paintbrush. I just can't contain my artistic-ness. I'm dopey but so sweet & I LOVE children & animals! I'm so shy & sweet over here with my...
ISFP (seems arty for some reason, I thought ISFP even before I saw you were one)
-ISFP-  Your score was 56 of 100.   This puts you in the category of the low Machs, people who will hold out for the goodness of the world and avoid manipulation. Not the people Machiavelli would...
Around people I don't know, I hardly swear at all. Around people I know I swear a lot. Mostly it's for comic affect. When I'm angry I tend to swear less, I feel like too many curses when mad can make...
I feel like a fish out of the water in the ISFP forum, most of the topics interest me so little it's pitiful. :confused: I enjoy the Enneagram forums because I relate to the Enneagram system more...
I feel uneasy if I don't know what time it is. Even when I have nothing important to doanything planned.
It looks fun & it's really cute & I like hearing about all those weird things you have to 'find.' But I've been aware of it for two years now & all the zaniness has kind of become redundant to me....
Who is your favorite villain? Why?  Hannibal Lecter (most recently from NBC Hannibal). Mostly because he is 100% irredeemable. Pure, unfiltered evil. Just the way I like them. :cool:  Are there...
5w6 INTP. Your avatar gives me an interconnected systems vibe~
Lost me at the career part.
My sexual experience is a bit limited but I voted INFJ. He was tender, passionate & methodical. :blushed:
INFJ because they're the rarest type (except on personality forums). Then next would be INFP & INTP. Well all the INxx types are romanticized.
Addiction is deeply embedded in my genetic code in a way. So I don't touch any substance. And when I have, I felt too loose, too close to possibly losing control. This isn't very Se of me, but losing...
Help my simple sensor brain can't process this idea.
Alright true true. Except one INFP I met a while ago...     I'm not still in Canada although I grew up there (my parents were & are very political-oriented & are quite liberal), I live in the US...
I'm not sure if there really are correlations but... I'm a socialist & egalitarian.
Ah yes! And then sometimes she'll start a conversation with someone else or god forbid, me, over the loud commercials. And it feels like my head is a hot engine & might explode. :confused:
I can be quite loud around people I'm comfortable with. I even have an inner ENTP that occasionally likes to poke people just to see their reaction. You have no clue how much I love telling people I...
I'm not a hipster & can't draw or paint to save my life (I hardly care for art in that form).  I also am seldom interested in topics in the ISFP forum on this site.
INFJ: Just...... teach me to be you.'"


4525: http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4090/5010896097_83f0dd4c40_z.jpg
i definitely fit your theory whisperycat. i'm passionate about figurative work and portraiture and have been drawn to it since as long as i can remember.   as for my son standing still well it was...
a life size portrait of my son in oils that i'm working on.  http://c2.ac-images.myspacecdn.com/images02/141/l_b32aa6e96a5c4cd4b5a9eda4a194d89d.jpg
hello there. welcome. i think i did the same morph as you from enfj (once) to solid isfp now on every test i do. i think though that enfj was the mask i wore before i learned to be honest to myself....
i love chartreuse (limey green/yellow) with a hot pink. also poppy red with wisteria lilac blue, yellow ochre and turquoise toned blue (as in cezanne's gardener painting.)  hot yellows and pinks...
for me it's the artist or the sensitive doer.
hi linax, your post struck a chord with me. i am older and wiser now and over the years i have learned to express myself and feel comfortable with my feelings but i was more like your fiancee when i...
i love freud, and even though the intention to adopt that style was never conscious i do see how my painting is raw like his but in a million years i could never be compared! i love tai shan...
thank you so much spg all these lovely comments are so encouraging and i really appreciate them. i haven't painted for a couple of weeks as i'm in the process of decorating my flat inside and out but...
hi littleboo, sorry i've just seen this reply.thank you for thr kind comment. i take a class now but that has been it since i was 13 years old. what a waste of all those years. still there is a lot...
Global 5: sloan SLUAI;   sloan+ x|L|uai; primary Limbic;   X(50%)L(70%)U(62%)A(58%)I(54%)  Extroversion results were medium which suggests you are  moderately talkative, outgoing, sociable and...
for me flaubert, tolstoy , steinbeck.
i voted infj based on my current partner. based on mutual attraction, compatability and ease of communication and understanding. we share artistic tastes and pursuits and rarely disagree. we both...
thanks perseus! i have my moments.:laughing:  i left law for many reasons. some of which i am only beginning to understand now. primarily it was a bad match for my personality. i found it...
i like these.  the painting reminds me of an aubrey beardsley style drawing with l'autrec colour. do you like symboliist art? both are very atmospheric. :happy:
hi tmonkey!:happy:
wow perseus you surprised me!   i have just done your test and i had no idea which a and b represented which made it a fair test:confused:. it took me a while to find out! anyhoo my result was; ...
thank you becky!  it's funny and i guess i haven't thought about it before but your comment made me realise that i do paint in a masculine way. i don't know why. i think i like bold expressive work...
thank you all so much for the positive comments. i really appreciate them.  i love lucien freud. i prefer the approach that tries to bring out the subject's character in the paint strokes! prob why...
i'm not sure if you are talking about your partner or son here.   i have an infp son and an intp (i think) ex husband. my ex acts in a very detatched way towards my son that makes my son feel...
hi. i did a degree in comparative english and european literature.   it was a wonderful course, with four core subjects a year. from memory the first year covered the epic tradition (homer, virgil,...
i've just tentatively typed my eldest son as an infp and it fits him like a glove.   he's been drawn tot he paino since he was very little and been learning it since he was seven. his teacher...
i left law and found myself drawn to art. i've been painting as a hobby for around 5 years and am fascinated by figurative work. it is a real passion and i love faces and feel compelled to try and...
flip! hey i guess there area lot of variables.  i've been with my infj partner for 5 years. the attraction was immediate and has lasted. we have so much in common that it seemed uncanny at first...
isfp agnostic atheist. agnostic to the extent that non existence is not provable. atheist to the extent that the undeniable overwhelming evidential probability is that god/s do not exist. unable to...
good question. i enjoyed guessing my family with the 4 magic questions thread.  4 Magic Questions, to determine someones type on the sly.
hi.:happy:
well they both seem nice types! :happy:
hi there, nice specs!:happy:
i older brother..enfj. a helicopter pilot in the navy.
oops actually seems i'm a 6 enneagram. at last on a detailed test. prob 6w5 which is a scary combination! help! hallway almost done.just need more paint. thanks for the hellos.
hi! i'm new and an isfp too. nice to meet you.:happy:
my partner is an infj. i feel truly at ease with him. our similarities are numerous. he is difficult and pleasing him can be hard but he is so giving and physically affectionate that it makes up for...
thanks miamano! i can see it's got quite a lot of debate there. i'll be delving in when i can, but for now i'm decorating my hallway! this is quite a good distraction during my breaks. i love blues...
many thanks everyone for the welcomes.   i've learned to press the thanks button but no idea what it does nor am i sure what this gold thing is yet. how on earth do you tip gold to a robot? why? i...
thank you for the welcomes. seems like an interesting place to explore. already read some interesting articles.  good to meet you.:laughing:
hi everyone.  i have been fascinated to discover my type and it now all seems to fit so well.  i felt squashed by law, as if my sense of self had been destroyed. i actually became physically ill..."


4539: '/comfort, I'm sure that's not true. You'll find someone who can relate to you & enjoy your company.. there's so many people out there, there's bound to be someone who wants to be your friend.  I...
Soo I was wondering, why did it bother you so much when someone said you weren't the 'typical woman'? Do you want to be? Do you want others to perceive you as more feminine?  Is it because you want...
I've actually said this to a female ISTJ friend before, about not being the typical female.  I mentioned it because it was just something that really stood out about her... and it was meant as a...
Yeah I'm also like this.. I think this isn't just type specific is it?  It's hard to talk about anything if you feel the person isn't understanding or interested in what you have to say.  With...
Maybe you can find out more about his limited interests and get involved in whatever he's currently into and do it together. You can also try to share your own interests, like enthusiastically share...
When someone takes the time to share a lot of information like what's currently going on in their life.. and you just answer with K, instead of inquiring about it or positively re-affirming it.. it's...
I have a female ISTJ friend, and her thought process seems similar to what is stated here.  She can be really nice & supportive to certain people that she likes... but if she doesn't like or does not...
If I remember right (read about it somewhere before) XD but it could be that red is attractive because it relates to love (ex: Valentine's Day).  The media could have influenced our perception of the...
please stop that.  she said it wasn't nice, and yet you just did it again -sigh-.  I know you guys can be blunt and direct but please consider that not everyone is like you and respect their feelings...
Thank you lirulin, that is really what I meant to point out (everything but mostly the bolded part).  My very first post was just trying to show a different perspective compared to the typical 'I'll...
Even if that may be true.. I still think Intentions are important because they are what drive us to do certain things in the first place because we want some kind of outcome.. If someone didn't have...
-nods in agreement- XD    Yaay :D Sounds like you're in a great relationship.  Very sweet!  SoftBoiledLife - and yes I agree with you.  It's best if you can realize what you're missing in your...
lol I knew someone would point this out.  You guys take everything so literally! ;p ;p  What I meant is that some people may not mean to Cheat, their intentions at first aren't meant to hurt...
aww, you guys are so loyal!  So cute.    I like your response too.  Others might disagree because it may seem disloyal/flaky.. but I think it may be true that if you feel happier & enjoy someone...
A couple times I accurately predicted outcomes, thoughts or actions of a friend.. and she was super shocked & surprised as well as a bit creeped out how I knew.  Once it even caused a...
You know it's funny, because this is exactly how my ISTJ friends think too.  Even when I met them, they seemed so content with their own company & just didn't want to Bother having friends or...
umm I'm not sure, but it seems like you're angry & haven't resolved some issues within yourself.  I've also had some out-of-body experiences before, except instead of feeling taller & above myself,...
They know you wouldn't gossip because it'd be against your character & how you've always presented yourself.  I view my ISTJ friends this way too... they seem to dislike harmful gossip &...
I don't know if this will help but :P Smiling Does Work!!  A couple of weeks into class, there was a girl that usually sat near me (front,side). I didn't think anything of her since we had never...
I think because ISTJ can appear superrrr Responsible, so that makes them Dependable & Trustworthy.  Plus by observing their strong sense of right & wrong and how they always try to be honest.. it...
Sounds like it was some misunderstanding perhaps?  If you want a chance of being friends again like before, you need to take the first step and apologize.. talk about what happened & clear up the...
Once I asked an ISTJ why we were friends, considering how different we were in our thought processes.  When she believed in one thing, I usually believed the opposite for differing reasons.  And yet...
Hmm, I can relate with that :P  maybe I'm more of an infp than isfp lol.    Oooh let me guess -adds-.. they have a childlike curiosity to them.  May appear optimistic/naive as they tend to try...
-confused- so why the change of heart suddenly?  Do you secretly like him ;p?   Like Memphisto said though, I don't think it's sounds like typical ISTJ behavior.  They're usually nice to people they...
Wow, do people actually say to your face that you're a bitch? Are they usually guys or girls? That's so rude/mean.  Although honestly, how I described my first impression of ISTJs.. they do seem...
Thanks :D you tooo    Thank you. Hahaha, I think my friends would be freaked/creeped out if I shared these perceptions of mine to them too.  So I keep it to myself, unless I had some reason to...
ahh thank you for the comments :blushed:.  I think it's just because I try hard and want to get to know the ISTJ friends I have better.. so I usually pay attention to the things they do and what they...
I know two ISTJs, one guy and one girl.  It's funny because even though their gender is different, their personalities are Very much alike.  It's as if they can switch bodies and it really wouldn't...
haha.. that's me too.  I try to repress the paranoid feelings & rationalize it, then move onto something else instead.
I don't know if it applies to her too, but one of the main reasons why I can be so accommodating/defer to certain people is because I like them.  W/e they want I tend to go along with because if it...
This is mine :)
lol, I actually tried to make a video of myself answering Yardiff Bey's question.. but I did the same thing!  I think I went off topic many times & rambled... so the video got very long & I had to...
I don't want to be a downer.. but I think we just rot in the ground dead.  Maybe we enter a state of nothingness/total darkness (like an eternal sleep with no dreams).  Or it could be like a long...
probably because it makes some people feel uncomfortable.. it puts more stress on others so they rather you just play along, that way they don't have to deal with your troubles.  Depends on what this...
^ awww you two sound very close :blushed: thanks for sharing.
B+ blood type :)
1. Would you ever consider going bungee jumping/skydiving?  YESS, if I had the chance to and the money/time. Sounds exciting! Probably would be more fun going with friends though.  2. Would you...
wow, your video really reminds me of myself somehow XD.. I don't really plan out what to say beforehand, tend to pause a lot & speak softly, look upwards while thinking & smile to myself, my eyes...
^ ooh random but The Proof I like that quote from Nietzsche. :)
Yeahh I think I've taken another type test long ago.. and I scored very high on 4 because of my mood & how I feel about myself.  But now if I think about how I act towards others & focus more on...
ahh I kind of feel you.. -comforts-.  My friendship with an ISTJ is sort of similar.  Not that she treats me badly, but she can come off somewhat distant to me sometimes.  I had to put a lot of...
Concerning the nature & nurture concept.. I personally think nature has more of an influence because it's what you're born equipped with (genes/hormones) it's like a blueprint of...
PSTypes Enneagram Test Results  The Distribution of Your Scores  Type One: 9 Type Two: 48 Type Three: 4 Type Four: 36 Type Five: 27 Type Six: 44
It might have to do with not liking the attention ;p  it's embarrassing especially if it's an individual picture. -feels everyone's stare-.  For me, I feel awkward taking a picture by myself & the...
From what I seen. My friend smiles in all group pics we've taken, the least is at least a smile with no teeth. I haven't been able to get an individual pic XD and I don't think it's gonna happen...
I think because your name started out with Hello :P and I ignored the numbers... and because I perceived you as being a friendly person, I probably just thought hello kitty fit you lol. XD  So this...
LOL, I didn't notice I did that either until you pointed it out XD ... for some odd reason I just kept seeing that as your name, so I probably typed it out without thinking.  maybe it should be your...
lol, reminded me of the episode from Family Guy, where Peter passes a couple of asians and calls them all Jackie Chan.  I've had some friends tell me that to them, all asians look a like and they...
Ohh what a fun & interesting thread :) good idea hellokitty!    I'll do it in reverse since I have a ISTJ friend ^^ these were the actual responses at least in my memory.  1.  I never actually...
I can relate with Memphisto (except I've always been single) so male friends usually confessed their crushes later on in the friendship (I think my easy-going personality contributes to their ease of...'"


4544: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfNw6CY535A  (last music post from me for some time...promise)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Vzp3bC8OI8
Kiss: ISTP Marry: ESFJ Bed: INFP  INTP, INFJ, ENTP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kS24cRe4dOs&pbjreload=10  which is already ending... :sad:
Fixed
Where do people see Fe in Morty? To me Morty seems Fi all around, not Fe.
How are my acting skills?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l17m4ybYDZY&t=16s
Kiss: ISFP Marry: ESFP Bed: ENTP  ESTJ, INFP, INTP
INFJ    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njfp30naS60
I usually get along with my ENFP brother fabulously, with a few exceptional moments... He's really far from the usual bubbly ENFP stereotypes and tends to be a bit trollish and, well, cutting... He's...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=so8V5dAli-Q
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXzyEFJlwlQ
^Exactly.  I guess, from my own playlist, these are the songs that feel the most 'ISFP' to me:    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61i_Uqtt3hg   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZBH5EO-1Lg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TuZlS5WXcU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lA7uHOTEoKU
As an ISFP, I'll just say that I have trouble handling responsibilities if I'm depressed/am in a low mood because caring about my own emotional state and inner emotional order will always take...
.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERNJbNslfxw
I relate deeply to your struggles and I unfortunately often do the same thing with my responsibilities where I just escape into my head and fantasy. Sometimes I wish school responsibilities didn't...
All those sound like typical ISFP things. I had a 10+ years long friendship with an INTJ who had basically the same dynamic: she was way better at those things I sucked at: organization, planning,...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXplD4VwkLo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qg7L0OQiN78  This song is stuck in my head... and it won't get out. Bah, I'm not sure if I want it out my head either, it makes me so happy :happy:  Lindsey...
Alone time + nature + music + my friends + search for new information + feeling & looking & being awesome + freedom to be myself without being overshadowed or judged.
I'm also an ISFP 9. Being a 9 is a piece of work, really. You see all these other perspectives and ways of thinking, except your own. So you're constantly adapting to the needs of others without...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqkJmNe1MP0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jq6gMC_5OlM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sULChEfKwVs
I don't really know what advice to give since ISFPs tend to all value different things. Just don't make her feel unvalued/unwanted or incompetent. (I'm saying that because of inferior Te, we might...
As for me, I moved a week ago to another city to study foreign languages, so I haven't been to PerC for a while. Came back to my mom's house for the weekend and now I'm back to listening to music and...
In my experience, INTPs and ISFPs don't always get along, but with smooth communication and with the least amount of drama (which both luckily tend to hate), and sufficient maturity(!!), they can go...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnHl1bNjgAE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5S-1Zwq1YrU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsuGkIgatyE  My fav Melanie Martinez song
Taurus, Cancer, Scorpio and Pisces remind me of INFJ the most. Although signs aside, I find that INFJ fits astonishingly well with the description of Sun in the 12th house (the house of Pisces). I'm...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGf0rc-0TBM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erOGRkNVA-c
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHCaysc6hM4
No matter how much I'm complimented or loved, it's so easy to fall into that pit where you feel like a piece of shit and that the whole world hates you. I'm my own worst enemy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-6mvuxQ8QU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-6mvuxQ8QU
Can you explain what you mean by this?
It happened again today. I was planning to go for a walk on nice spring weather and grab a cup of coffee on my way. But before I even finished dressing up, I suddenly decided to make a cup of cocoa...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5xl1YJ_tuM
I'm starting to realize more and more that I do not use thinking/Te much. That is not to say I don't use thinking AT ALL. But I'm wondering if I'm actually better at the use of Ti than Te. The reason...
Condolences :(
.
To me you look just fine idk ¯_(ツ)_/¯
I feel like my avatar is really simple to explain... Basically it's what I would like to be seen here in the forums. Yeah.      ...Okay, okay, here's the backstory:  When I was an adolescent,...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3K-8Nwrj3k  (huge urge to dance to this right now)"


4552: 'FreeBeer  yeah I was horribly assertive as a little kid, became super passive though my early teens but the last year or so I've been ridiculously short tempered at random things.  even yesterday...
so lately, I come to discover I have high testosterone for a girl. due to some underlying thing im sure but, that aside, do any of you have outbursts or like you just get so annoyed with something...
the fact that school is almost over, i also found myself in a large empty room witha  cello, and i just took it out and started playing it while no one was listening, until my teacher came intot eh...
my existance is a quirk XD i have yet to find someone like myself... my friends always tell me this too. l also seem to stand out in society though i don't try, it's just i dress very bland and loser...
i do this, before i go to bed ill ly in my bed for like an hour doing really random stuff, like playing on my phone, drawing, reading,listen to music, like a ritual before bed kind of thing i guess
i have a head tilt but i've done it my whole life due to an eye problem i have that makes me want to tilt my head to see clearer. even now as im straing at the computer i'm noticing my head is tilted...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEGK3lDAs4o&list=FLpFvajMhEOZnsio4gUHBplw&feature=mh_lolz this is my favorite concerto ever. i want to be this woman, minus al the crazy stuff that happened to her in...
most definitely, il get so into my little world that ill just have no idea what's going on around me XD
sadist i tend to lash than be lashed. i also find some kind of sick satisfaction when other feel pain i've inflicted...i mean i can be compassionate and not try and hurt people but as soon as they...
sounds about right, when i was little i used to be really mean to kids. often threatening them and getting into fights. i was quiet but when it came to places like dance class when i was rteally...
i is scorpioo i fit it like a glove. every little thing.
im a pretty stoic person...i mean i have fun and laugh and such but im also very serious and like to be by the rules on things. but sometimes i snap and get really down though...like today i made...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UjFRBEy4dM no i didn't hear it off of fricking glee i just like the song...
I is cellist. i also play string bass (contrabass, upright bass, whatever floats your boat). i too have perfect pitch, sometimes ill be just barely off on tuning and my teacher will think it's close...
My smile means eiter three things,  1. shut up (without saying shut up, i usually get this across with my eyes but a smirk or smile usually crosses my face as well)  2. laughing of course.  3....
hmm..when i was really little, i used to think the past was actually in black and white XD i think they are cool. :)  If you could pick a super ability would you rather want to be able to breathe...
i don't think i've ever been hurt by someone's words...call me lucky ^^ but i think it would hurt me inside if my closest friends just abandoned me or gave me the cold shoulder once and for all, i...
you sound like you were a dick when you were 14. i mean yeah people to crazy stuff for pranks but rubbing your shit over everything is kind of out there...as an ISFP a trend i've noticed is if it...
i can relate to that. it seems as much as people say they are induviduals theya ll have the same humor relatively and the same way of dressing and reacting in simialr ways, while i see myself as...
when im in orchestra I'll stare at my music stand...for like long periods of time. it's kind of wierd since im usually int he classroom by myself alot...so it's like random loner chick staring at...
just tell her, that she's pissing you off. if she thinks you are joking keep at it, she'll get the message eventually.  there was once a girl i had met in my ag sciences class and this chick was...
I'm an ISFP girl and no matter what, it sems i am extremely masculine. the way i talk, act, dress, all points far away from feminine... they even ave tests online that check this kind of thing out...
jackeyjoe XD I'm not British. XP or anything related to england and the untied kingdom whatsoever. XD I'm actually Finnish, and i live in the sates XP
oh on the cheering up thing! like if a subject matter is ugging me i try and forget about it but as soon as i feel somewhat content again because my mind is off f it, my parents have to bring it up...
Drains...damn seaworld, scarred me for life, a drain that big should not exist.  also bees (well im allergic to them so i have a real fear of them for obvious reasons)  heights of anysort. ( i...
I usually swallow it back. not the healthiest thing to do...well unless it's anger, anger always makes it out. :P  but no like the other day a friend of mine and i were horsin around and it eneded...
my friends constantly tell me i look drunk...maybe cuz throughout the the day my hair get's prgressivley messier and i get progressively tired...thus giving the impression that im a drunk who don't...
chow chow!
Why is it so hard for women to find men that are sensitive, caring, and good-looking? Because those men already have boyfriends.  Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don’t...
Classical. usually from the romantic period since i really don't like baroque stuff...(look at me being all fancy ^.^) the reason i say the romantic period is because it's that classical music we...
i find myself to be more impressed by a visual moment...like instead of just sitting there and talking about how beautiful eachother are, once you're able to be WITH her again, take her someplace....
i has an infp friend who is always aware of his body...it's almost wierd in my eyes im an isfp, but he's always like adjusting himself in some unnatural ways though he doesn't act like he's...
http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc7/419713_245777355506756_225673387517153_551282_460531375_n.jpg
a fish swims into a wall, what does he say?  Damn...
im shy...most definitely... a teach of mine used to be terribly shy, honestly he still get's really shy  but he says to me all the time that the only way to get over it is to purposely put yourself...
when you fail a quiz, and you know your parents are going to hate you for it...so you wander over to the orchestra room and play your heart and soul into your instrument to drown out everything. then...
http://th02.deviantart.net/fs70/PRE/i/2011/293/2/c/moar_pencil_by_beefxcake-d4dghcg.jpghttp://th09.deviantart.net/fs70/PRE/i/2011/161/f/3/just_give_me_a_pencil_by_beefxcake-d3iktjp.jpghttp://th05.devi...
when you find yourself home alone on a saturday night drawing and blasting beautiful music all around because you can. and it sounds alot better than whatever saturday party may be going on at the...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izQsgE0L450 sorry for the double post but this song is so beautiful as simple as it is.
I love anti-jokes. XD  http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc7/431713_356747801015916_305624832794880_1248709_37247913_n.jpg
never watched the .hack series. i read a couple of the manga but i never got into it. right now i really just watch watever is either extremely popular; because i really hate being out of the con...
THIS !  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPQ9zS3teQg
http://widget.uservoice.com/dcache/widget/feedback-tab.png?t=feedback%20%26%20support&c=ffffff&r=90 http://verydemotivational.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/demotivational-posters-your-call-bro.jpg
no restrictions or people to impress or anyone to look down on you for who you are with, no having to remember their birthdays or anniversaries...no getting stressed over who they are with or if they...
perinhawk i do that make conversations in your head thing XD i go through a bunch of different scenarios and sometimes i forget oh hey i was thinking up that conversation and it didn't actually...
http://a2.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/s320x320/426208_291978914203439_1338838041_n.jpg lol hipster dog.
http://a3.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/422648_240273426057149_225673387517153_538991_1127203175_n.jpg
how many alzheimers patients does it take to screw in a light bulb?  To get to the other side.
I do this all the time. like when i talk to my teachers i am extremely modest and shy and hardly mumble anything in class coming off as the loner or even a bit cold. but around my closest friends i...
i kind of lop religion and government in the same boat of, people will follow a leader if you will. governments create laws and what not to keep us safe ad if we don't follow it we get punished by...'"


4554: 'I tell you what's the cutest. lol.  He almost fed me spoilt food in his fridge cos he lost track of what was in his fridge. I suggested to discard the expired egg, & how about the chocolates which...
ESTP can be so good to everyone. My ESTP greets and thank every bus driver, every waiter , etc. I never even notice their presence! I'm so impressed.   Yup, my ESTP showed his vulnerability to me...
I have asked that, he did throw the question back to me. And it was more like, he wanted me to see for myself, what it is.  And we bumped into his colleagues and he behaved like I was his...
he was just teasing me. cos  he got offended the first time that i tried to give him treat. and so he always is the one paying.  :happy: :happy::happy:
We are still together!!  he is so gentle and devoted and sweet!!  I think he can be sentimental. I see gentleness in his eyes.  ESTP can be so gentle and sentimental ? Maybe his T and F are...
My new ESTP bf lied to me about his age.  He claimed he was 44. He is really 54.  The facts didn't add up right eventually to me.   I confronted him with what i found and he tried to cover up....
My favourite colour is not a standard colour. It is a particular shade of pink, with a tiny bit of orange mixed in.  It is called Coral or Salmon pink. Sometimes it is called rose pink.   Next...
As predicted by you guys.....   yeah, i think Mr ESTP is falling for me. And I think i'm also falling for him.....
TheMartyParade,  To me , kindness is being gentle & patient with me, giving me space, never saying cruel insensitive things to me, not critical, being encouraging and supportive. being sensitive...
I have difficulty with my boss.  He is always barking rules must be respected!!! to the team. And I will in my mind think fuck you. Cos I hate restrictions.   He always bark  to the team...
the chase is still on ......
thx FireDell for ur reply.  Do you mean , hopefully he will tire of the chasing game with me and settle into a stable relationship?   So when he wants to settle with me means the chase is...
Yup, I'm doing just that. Testing his patience. So far he's doing well. i myself need a lot of persistence too, to keep on holding my ground!!! Not easy.
I won't sleep with him just to test it out. i'm too ISFP for that. I'm sure there are other ways to find the answer.
Diphenhydramine wrote    Perhaps you misread or i was not claer .  He refers to himself as mine. You have to give your (his name e.g. Peter) a treat.   So he wants to be owned by me too?...
Yes, I think he does like me.   He expressed happiness for me when I said I have found the apartment that I want to buy. And he said i have to give him a treat (small one, cos I am going become...
Hi,   guess what? ESTP is still going strongly after me. And I allowed some progress.   And you are right. He really enjoys the chase and even proudly said to me, you girls like determined guys...
So what happens after ESTP has gotten what he wants ?
What are the signs that the ESTP needs to know he is progressing ??  Maybe I don't feel we are progressing because perhaps i'm looking for emotional connection and there is none. ESTP guys are not...
As per my earlier thread, an ESTP is after me.  Many stuff I read about ESTP says that ESTP is insensitive and selfish  and also smooth talker.   The ESTP that is after me, indeed he is smooth...
My ideal guy :  He is as smart as me (i'm very smart). Has a well paid job that he loves. He does not have to be very rich, but he must be able to live comfortably and have extra to pamper me a...
Dear djarendee well is this a challenge for him?   I kinda suddenky growled dun touch there!' annoyedly and pissedly at him when his hand crossed a boundary yesterday.   He stopped but he was...
I'm into both. I was into him the very first time i saw him and at that time, he hadn't even asked for my number yet.
I think he is ESTP, because he is very domineering and pushy with physical intimacy. He can't stop holding my hand, can't stop kissing me.  He demands for kisses in return if I ask for any favours...
hahahah.... what's the ENTJ like??? what does the ENTJ do ???
what can ISFx do to stop that??
I was treated like shit  all my life because of my ISFJ (super unhealhty) mom.
you can love them if they are not your boss or parent or teacher.
I hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him.  I hate him for micromanaging me. I hate him for constantly badgering me. I hate him...
I've reached a point of my life, where I realised my relatinship with my ENFJ dad is seriously fu cked up.   I feel my dad and I are very emotionally distant from each other. We are sooo polite to...
I think i'm dating ENFJ. But he could be ESFJ.  It was our 3rd date, and we got intimate. he asked me if i could give him a blowjob but i negotiated and gave him a handjob.  after that, he said...
i just dated my second ENFJ guy. lotsa sexual chemistry. we felt comfy with each other almost immediately. the previous ENFJ , it was also easy to have a emotional connection.   and yes, I dress...
ENFJ males are supposed to be rare....   but yet, i'm dating my 2nd ENFJ male.  Plus My dad's ENFJ. So that's 3 ENFJ males in my life.  I've gone with with AL 3 times so far. He is very warm and...
on second thoughts, he may be an ESFJ. cos he's a worrywart, and he reacts dramatically to things. such that my colleague secretly say is he having menopause today? he has bad hair days , literally!
possible.  cos today, i saw a dramatic reaction from him, when something didn't go as he planned and he reacted strongly and upsetly at a colleague. my colleagues told me that he can behve like...
yes kinda.  i can sense he has a lot of nervous energy. it's as if disorder is a beast to be slayed. it's like a Fight or die response.   he can be stubborn.   and when things are not going...
I like him so far. I respect his knowledge, his skills to organise, his confidence, his consistency, his straightforward honesty, his impartiality, etc. I'm drawn to his groundedness.   I don't see...
i need to get more opportunities to observe him outside work environment to know. cos i have only lunched with him twice so far.   a six worries a lot. is his workaholism and wanting to keep tab on...
If we use eenneagram, then I would say that he is likely to be a ONE. He's strict and fastidious and impatient.
I think he is ESTJ or perhaps he is balanced. I have a ISTJ friend, this ISTJ is very calm and not very assertive, and become an account rather than manager.   But my boss seems to be very...
I have a boss who is very strict. He goes by the book.   He is very  sharp. Powerful memory. Checks everything in details.   He would make me sit with him while he goes through the report in...
I have cycles.  I have cycles when I don't meet anyone for a while, and then suddenly, I feel terrible !!! I would then start calling friends up and go on a social spree.  And then I would then...
Yeah, I got a good ESFJ guy friend! There used to be some kind of attraction between us. but we're just good friends because of the age gap.
Exactly 6 mths.   but i have helped him de-stress before. he has even expressed appreciation to me for the support that i've given him. he has also said that he feels comfortable with me and can...
To update.  I decided to cook something and tell him that i would be delivering it to his place.  But he said, not today, i'm stressed and tired. would be late from work too.  I was sad and...
My ESFJ good guy friend does not show openly the caring feel about him. He's abrasive and blunt!!  but i know he is caring deep inside him, which he shows to a few.
Yes, I think he's really a great person. I'm very proud of him. I have never felt proud about any men in my life before.  Ok, i will get him to cuddle me and then i will communicate with him. Yes,...
Thank you. You have given me courage to initiate meeting him more.   Funny, I sell too when I want to ask him out. Honey, i've cooked something nice. i cooked an extra portion for you. can i drop...
haha, i guess i have to try harder than him. I used to buy my own food at public food courts while he got his own. Then once he wanted to get for me. I have turned him down. The next time, he...
So far, he has  - paid for my groceries (he insisted) - always pick up the tab for meals (but in public food courts, i try to pay my own) - however the last time we met, he insisted on buying my...'"


4570: 'I really love a lot of tumblr text posts. Some of them really make me laugh! Memes, GOOD comedy movies... Some say I have quite a dry, slightly sexual sense of humour sometimes but that's okay.
Fox, rabbits or cats (of any kind)
Watching Mockingjay Part 1 with my fiancé :) I enjoyed my day.
Music, Psychology, Makeup & fashion, Video Games, Zodiac, opinions on hot topics, to name a few...
I like the idea of a bad boy/girl, but only bad in a way I can understand / empathise with I suppose. If they're just horrible people I won't be interested.  My fiancé used to be a bad boy, but...
Today started pretty rubbish, but has now turned into a pretty good day. I feel very happy and contented thanks to a sort of surprise visit from my fiancé <3
I smoke. Sometimes enjoy it, sometimes don't. I started because of peer pressure and am now kind of addicted.
Thinking about dinner because I am hungry
A yogurt
Tired & fed up.
Social 1) Generally, I positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself. Though I may find it either overwhelming, because of my astute awareness of what lies...
Scrambled eggs on toast
I'm getting better at shrugging off embrassment but apparently I still show signs of being embrassed. I try and make out it doesn't bother me but to be honest it does.
Dying my hair purple (again)
I agree with mikan... This thread in every post is pretty much me to a t.
I'm a Scorpio now? I was on (according to some websites) the cusp between Scorpio and Sagittarius though so I can believe I'm either to a point.
How much I hate cleaning at the moment
Bad Neighbours. I personally find it hilarious, but I'm not sure my fiancé sound it as funny as I did.
Cats in general for me. I think they're gorgeous, calm (most of the time), graceful and cute.
ISFP & Sagittarius :)
A banana and some red grapes.
At my mum and dads, on personality cafe and Facebook on my iPad...
Black, pink & purple for me!
Apparently people think - sometimes - that I look my age. Some think I look younger though.  I'm 22.
I loved Guardians Of The Galaxy. I was a bit skeptical about whether or not I'd enjoy it, judging by the trailers, but I loved it! It's definitely one of my favourite Marvel movies - perhaps my #1.
I'm am ISFP and I'm a Sagittarius.
I'm typing this with a music channel on the TV in the background
A text from my fiancé... I only got up an hour ago. He really knows how to make me smile.
Puppets are one of my phobias too. Also, heights and huge spiders. And for some reason magpies.
You know you're an ISFP when you take a trip out with your parents, put your headphones in, and get this amazing plot idea for a piece of fiction in your head, to the music.
Exhausted from a tiring day.
I last ate some pineapple pieces :) they were lovely.
Hi everyone! I'm Izzy, female, 22 and from the UK. I'm an ISFP from what i believe!  I enjoy music, fashion, makeup artistry, spending time with my fiancé, spending time with my family, playing...'"


4589: 'Dear ISFJ Mother, I wish you were less of a work-a-holic and would spend more time with me. When I finally take off to college (I've got four years), you're going to miss me. I'm tired of being in...
I figured that I'm seen as childish because I'm willing to question about the things I don't know while others may keep quiet because they don't wish to be seen as stupid. Thankfully, my mother told...
Well my fellow SPs, this thread proves that we are all some form of lazy :tongue:.  Funny, thought I'd feel more shame than giddiness....
Tell my parents that. I would, but then I'd be required to get off this couch :laughing: haha.
Good, I wouldn't want to be in an Fi-coma :laughing:
Haha the examples are so cute, but I already have a very limited premise of understanding when dealing with the cognitive functions. It's just that I've failed many times before to detect cognitive...
And Mario most definantly knows best! :tongue:
@Nevermind_me Both of us are entering high school in a few days but she doesn't go to my school anymore so that's a plus. Still, we still live very close to one another :unsure:. Oh and yes, she is...
^ Yeah, you are sadly correct. She has depression :sad: and I think she often finds self-worth in the form of those who hang out with her. You know, like she probably (you can never be certain)...
^ Some very good points! I think my main fear of letting this carry out any longer is the fear that she may just commit the ultimate end: suicide. She is suicidal, and despite all the dramatics,...
I'm too lazy and self-absorbed. I could imagine my whole life on this couch- and be enjoying it. If it weren't for school coming soon, I'd be on this couch foreverrrrrrrrrrrr....... Yeah...  (By...
Wow, thanks for all these replies :proud:! I can really relate to what all of you have mentioned and will try to mend our relations- hopefully in a way that works for the both of us. And I agree with...
Anticipating the 2:00 a.m airing of Jerry Springer that will be on in 30 minutes :blushed: I swear...it's my guilt pleasure! The people who go on that show....imph! I love it!
I know I'd save a lot for my college funds considering my family isn't the wealthiest out there, probably buy a new laptop, some clothes...after that I'd probably give money to that abused animal...
I have this friend whom I've been friends with for the last two years. Much to many, and especially this friend's expense, I have that introverted tendency to want to be alone after school and...
I think I'm a ISFP, especially after reading those!  Anyway, I often get, W-Wow! I didn't know you had THAT side of you. Usually after I go ballistic toward someone whose been asking for it since...
Okay, I can totally try that :D   1. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions?  For  example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life   circumstances?...
Oops! Sorry for the double post :D
My profile pic: 4649146492Sorry the one picture is so large, hehe.
I've never really considered that, but I am still very much sure I am an introvert due to my preference to spend time alone rather than in the company of my friends. My brother is an ESTP like you,...
Thanks RevaN, I appreciate you taking the time to help me :D. Haha, I will definantly go and research the ESFP description although, isn't it possible for my cognitive functions could be reversed? My...
Despite being hugely interested in the MBTI for about a year now; taking every test imaginable online, and going through secure and insecure moodswings on my type, I can't seem to settle. Things fit...
I'm an ENFP and I have the strange inabilty to color nicely. :D
OooH! I'll give this a go! Spy:ISTP Villain:INTJ Rock Star: ESFP Knight: ISTJ Princess:INFP Bodyguard:ISTP Heir to a Large Company: er...hard INTP Martyr:INFP Soldier: ISTJ
I am so late with replying to this thread but I couldn't help it, this topic just seems so interesting! Okay, here I go!  Your type:ENFP  ISFJ: My best friend for years is this type. He is...
You know you are an ENFP when years before (and even now) you acted out Red Riding Hood by playing Red Riding Hood, the Wolf, and Granny just to eat the blue berries you had gotten from the fridge....
Don't worry. I have an ESTP brother too and he can be pretty dramatic if something bad happens in his life. But then he usually gets over it in a few days and says something like, This place is...
Hi, I'm an ENFP living in a household full of S's and T's (except for dear ol' mom) and find it very hard to deal with my two action-oriented brothers, a ESTP and a ISTP. To begin, I must say that...
So strange...you sound a lot like me. Maybe it's just an INFP thing :proud:
Please don't be scared! Now, to be honest, if you wish, you can discredit my advice being as I am only fourteen but all of what you said sounds like Cyclothymia or Bipolar Disorder (I'm REALLY...
I have a few confessions:  Even on the internet, where I know no one knows who I am, I am reluctant (and virtually never) mean.  Also, I intetionally avoid my friends because the time I need to...
Yeah, haha, I know. It's just that while the ENFP description fits me very well, I just am not really a people person and I'm not extroverted which makes me wonder.
I've been interested in the MBTI for about a year, but within that year, I've been bouncing around between ENFP, ISFP and INFP. All of these types seem to fit me in many ways but I can't seem to...
I know I'm totally late with replying and all but I couldn't help it! Because of your totally accurate description of me, I think I've finally found my type! Everything describes me to a T! Thank you!
With someone you have a love/hate relationship with? And you really just can't leave because there was a snow storm outside? What if they were a childhood friend that hated you for some reason? Would...
I'd like to know the MBTi's for each of the following countries. If you want, feel totally free to add your own countries so they can be evaluated too. Give reasonings if you will :proud: if you do,...
Awh! The music ended AS SOON as i finished reading. Your experience was sad, eye-opening and went perfectly with the music. I'm sorry to hear this happened to you. I'm only 14 and an ENFP  (:kitteh:...
I wanna catch em' all! Gotta catch em' all. (Pokemon of course.) but sadly, I live in a world where the only thing you can catch is sickness. *goes to sad corner*
This actually happened to me and an ENTP. Though I  threw a ball at him first (Using my innocence and general facade of oblivious-ness to adorn the title of not a threat during the game) to casually...
Ah! I'm glad this thread it progressing! Thank you all who have answered so far! Still a few we need and I hope we can fill those spots.
Say you have spoken very little, but were very drawn to them for something you've seen them do. Would you immediately be flirty? Steal secret glances? Stare them down? :proud: I'm really curious. ...
My mother is an ESTJ (though I am a little hesitant) and I am an ENFP. I've learned that as long as I don't second guess my mother, and argue, I'm set. My mother feels threatened when she, as a...
This isn't meant to offend, in fact I highly value your knowledge, but the fact that the mast majority of NT's are very intellectual intimidates me. I'm an ENFP and I find myself strangely afraid of...
I don't know if anyone's said this but I often get, Um...are you high? I love that since I've never taken a drug in my life time.'"


4591: that i have a real hard time saying how i really feel about things and then when i don't talk it isn't just coz im shy is also that i don't have anything to say to people i don't know
chew on my nails say sorry to much
you are loved & not alone
younger people always think i'm 14 or 15 tho i'm 22
http://fc03.deviantart.net/fs70/i/2014/309/1/5/holidays_are_comeing_by_yukidogzombie-d85djk9.jpg   http://fc00.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2014/285/2/8/santa_claus_by_yukidogzombie-d82l5o7.jpg ...
cookies & milk
im happy & very sleepy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsoqaktZ8-s
inflatable clown throw target game that scared me really really really bad it was the one and only clown that ever scared me
oh gosh im so happy you like it
oh my thank you
thanks very much
i like drawing clowns the most coz they cute but i do draw dragons too anyways here  i use Prismacolor Scholar Colored  Pencils , Faber Castell Watercolor Colored pencils ,Sakura Coupy pencils ,...
oh g im sorry i didn't know sorry
open minded for the most part but if its about something i love or believe in that i will listen to the person but thats it
i think this is so sweet & cute    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0nrN3JjUJM
oh gosh thanks for the welcome
here is my Nyappy
mr gold and belle from once upon a time <3  http://static.wetpaint.me/ooat/ROOT/photos/630/3--4409169388019739394.jpg
i love drawing clowns http://fc07.deviantart.net/fs70/i/2013/338/c/4/shareing_joy_by_yukidogzombie-d6wqasa.jpg
thanks very much you 2 for the welcomes
theres always going to be someone who will point out your mistakes , who will bring you down , but there also be someone who will to point out all the wonderful things you do , who will always pick...
The Lion King
Once Upon A Time Once Upon A Time : In Wonderland Power Rangers Kamen Rider Super Sentai Diabolik Lovers Ever After High
im listening to christmas music and drawing a clown
i still have all my stuffed animals & toys and yes i still play them is more fun then watching tv most days
my dream is to be a mangaka in japan
not very sure what to mm i like Ever After High & Once a Upon Time & anime & manga  and i love drawing"


4683: 'I am a guy, and this post might not really on the topic but hope it helps.  For this post, I will take the word 'validation' as 'approval', because I had issues with expectations from my mom. (I'm...
Maybe its just me, but I have a feeling that this whole thing is a risky bussiness. First, you are FEEDING OFF HIS ANXIETY!!!!! (you BASTARD, and thanks Liminality):kitteh:   And now, 2 questions...
I have an idea, but I don't have the skills, nor the resources to create it. It is a portrait of a young woman having a cup of hot coffee. She is sitting by the window (or any kind of glass panel),...
It is a tune that I had heard many many times since my childhood days, usually from toys that plays music when you turn them on. Anyone knows the title of this song?  I made a MIDI file of it....
Just remembered something. Anime characters are usually given a blood type-personality stereotype instead of MBTI.
Here in Malaysia, hot water showers are considered as a kind of luxury. (Its summer all year long here, hot water showers are never really needed. Only people with too much money in their pocket will...
Oops, got to do more homework on 'shadow mode'.  Try to change the second line with  I don't think that anyone can have their personality completely flipped and stick to it for the rest of their...
I think this Grandma had some sort of issues before. First, tell me. Why is she living alone in your basement?
Never really watched the show but I'll have to disagree with this.  I don't think that anyone has the ability to be in 'shadow mode' for more than a few seconds.  It would be more easier for a...
Not me. My attendance records are clean. But I space out a lot in class.  Topic of interest? Changes every few weeks.
I think you're an overeducated 27-year-old virgin who likes to hold the  hands of superstitious old ladies and promise them everlasting life.  Clint Eastwood as Walt Kowalski to Father Janovich,...
Mostly females. Because here in Asia most male vocalists sing like b*tches and looks like one.  Pardon the language.
Ok, this is going to be a long one....  First, I don't think that it is possible to type a child accurately; I had changed over the years.  I don't really have any memories about my early...
I don't know whether this might sound ridiculous to any of you but for me, it feels like a 'soft landing' of a conversation. If the middle of the conversation is the chorus part of a song, then a...
It might be a missionary station because I remembered that it said something that sounds like 'Kristus' before this recoding was made, which might mean 'Christ' as it is in the Malay language. ...
I received this signal 2 days ago on my shortwave radio; 9685 kHz, 0000 Malaysia time. I have no idea what language is this, but I think it is something Eastern European.  This is a 1 minute...
STARGATE!  http://media.comicvine.com/uploads/0/2835/228678-11061-stargate_super.jpg    And almost everything you can find in every armed forces' arsenal.  Except warships. They looked so dull,...
Not entirely impossible, i think. Some booze might help, maybe......  But if we didn't get ourselves drunk in the first 2 minutes, we might get all burnt out and ending up peeing in the pill...
Anyone positing in this thread might be charged with treason, but we will deal with that when the time comes.:tongue:  Aeguk ka (North Korea): The best I've listened so far. ...
My mom is quite a neat freak and I've always wanted to ask her this question:   DEFINE 'NEAT'!
I think that would be the tendency to make sure that we are not troubling anyone involved. Not only the people in the management, but everyone, right down to the ones who will be affected by the...
OOOOOHHHHH MYYYYYYY GODDDDDDD!!!!!!! I don't even know that the Japanese have such songs in the 80's! Is this even LEGAL?  I am used to listen to the older Japanese songs, especially those from the...
Please delete this one. I posted it by mistake.
JPop. I prefer the 80's and the early 90's though, much to my friends' annoyance.  Murashita Kouzou - Jyuurokusai (16 years old) Illustration by Keibun Ota. He draws young girls and children of...
I've listened to Buddhist religious speeches, read the Bible and sometimes I read  Al Islam.   The Gods better prepare a special tribunal from now on so that me and my friends can have a Hell to...
Navigation>Members List>Search Members (Advanced Search)  ESFP=34 ISFP=167  as for 2.07 PM (GMT +8, Malaysian time) 4th March, 2010.  Never knew I am an ISFP until I took the test for 6 times....
Elfen Lied - Lilium - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fiz3LmlGAd0  Fate Stay Night - Anata ga ita mori (Great Song, but the series sucks)- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Vv3t355qYE  Astro Fighter...
I think I can relate myself to your sister. She sounds very much like a more potent version of a part of myself. I am a mixture of ISxx (look at the chart below and you will understand), and some of...
1) How do you view and handle theory?  --Literaly, then I try to relate it with concrete examples that exists around me. Deep intepretations comes later.  2) How does your Fi work in contrast to...
Longer sleep? No. More time to get into deep sleep? Yes, HELL YES!  This might be a xSFx thing. I can be easily annoyed by any sound in my bedroom when I try to sleep. My ex-roomate used to play...
Hate them, and hate myself. It makes me feel stupid, weak. And anyone who has the need to blurt out their feelings to the whole world is worse.
Come over here, and let's date for a while. Then we see how things go.  Berminat?
I can't stand tickles, especially around my lower back. And hi-frequency radio waves. Using an Wifi enabled laptop will make my hands go numb, and sitting near Wifi access points/routers will make me...
Same here. If you are looking for an INFP doing engineering in college and studying foreign language at at same time, that would be me. ISTP? ISFP? No idea. But this makes my life hard in it's own...
There should be one, at least. Most pre-Pentium PCs have their usb controllers on-board, the only thing you need is a connector that connects it to your casing. But I think they don't do it because...'"


4747: 'This is incredible:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZxWSYOykpQ
did this today with my band: https://postscriptma.bandcamp.com/track/s15  :)
I did things today, each thing is a different version of the same idea: Piano thing: https://postscriptma.bandcamp.com/track/s16-piano-midi  Video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYYceji9nkE
Basically my Ni tells me things, I rarely listen, get into stupid/funny/fun scenario. It's like a friend with a quiet voice trying to help, I'm just too busy to listen to It's kind objective thinking...
I dunno, I get very obvious when i like someone. I touch them, hover, smile, tell them awful jokes, and share stories. I generally only mess with people i think i have things in common with, physical...
got ya, not everything is fixable too. isfp or whatever else, some people are just a pain :p
I love everything you mentioned, also sensors are amazing. Intuitives all jealous while were out livinggggg. All the sterotypes fit me, i doodle draw, write music, sing songs, goofy as all hell,...
Intp
Vaux Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssss
These have been killing me lately. Been following a page on facebook that posts the best ones from that day.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M34SJQlwWKU
I'd straight up tell him what you want. Take him aside and have a talk with him about your issues, if he's a good boss he'll be happy to. Try to make the talk very focused and to the point, without...
I'd just to listen to him, you don't have to tell them anything about yourself, just add to the conversation if it hits on something you know about or are interested in. Getting out of your shell can...
My best friend and bass player in my band is INTP. It's fun most of the time, i get us in stupid situations lol.
1) I live the things I love. I feel uncomfortable in uniforms and that kinda thing.   2)I'm pretty idealistic, but it's not crazy or anything.   3)Depends, I'm not a painter. As a musician and...
Been rocking the old skateboarder/hoodie life since 10, not stopping till im dead.
remember that surrounding yourself with creativity can fuel your own. creation is what life is about. well for me it is anyways.
12+ plus since invasion, ISFPs are scarce. Flares have been largely ignored... The thinkers are taking over; Is anyone still out there? ANYONE?!
damn thats a cold ass donkey^
Thats the hallmark of success though. working at whatever it is, all the time; not because its work, but because you love it.
I have to do whatever it is for myself, see the mistakes and learn from them. Nothing else works for me as effectively as that does.
Thanks! You gatta live in the moment as relish in it, its the isfp way! :)
I completely agree with everything he's said. I had a boss I worked with at MIT who was a very strong FE user who LOVED to write. For me when I do write(kinda uncommon to rare), for song lyrics or...
I'm REALLY private, about everything.
i just thought of something, what really helped me personally was trying to figure out the types of famous people(trying too look them up in google for MBTI type). Then i just kinda looked at the...
yeah i dunno, i think that it the types should be stuck in a venn-diagram of some sort, based on how closely the functions are shared. but yeah, hopefully you get it figured out man!
Thats not what P and J stand for anymore, from what ive read(sorry not sources, don't hurt me!) all it serves as now is an axis-modifier.
To say down with capitalism is silly. capitalism isn't the issue, the issue is allow companies to make stupid decisions all in the name of the bottom line. This isn't the place for the conversation i...
It's hard for me to explain but like if you think about it, its misleading that ISFP and ISFJ are considered similar. they don't share the same functions at all and an ISFP is nothing like an ISFJ...
in my opinion, the whole way these types are separated makes little sense to me. they should be separated by sharing the most common functions, that way a person can choose after identifying with...
Well as an ISFP I like to live my life creating or doing activities that expresses me. Sometimes it takes me a long time to get out exactly what I want from my creations(in my case music). I like to...
Hm, agree to disagree then LOL.
If you have trouble using FE you are most likely not an INFJ imo.
Fair, In my opinion what makes life hard is finding what makes your insides fill up with warmth. It's incredibly hard, and some people take the easy route of slamming the round peg in the square hole...
I believe everyone has something to add, you have to find it embrace it and grow it. I used to suffer from this mentality a lot in my past. If you consistently defeat yourself you'll never win, in a...
Some jazz:  Mouse on the Keys - Memory   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmlAOiYVZsM  Some Post-Hardcore Screamo:  Rinoa - Fires in the Distant North
Try playing an instrument(im bias'd lol), it hits me in all the right spots.
Stop cutting forests down. Grow Trees in farms and use those, cutting down forests is lazy and down right disrespectful. things live there.
You gatta do everything your way or no way at all.
a few choice pieces of recording gear, music is so expensive :(
I can cook pretty well, I've never attempted a real traditional or fancy dish before though. I think I could cook anything fairly well though.
The music I've recorded are created is in the sig.
sounds oddly specific lol. don't let people sexually harass you, it's perfectly reasonable to cause a scene in that scenario imo.
There's no beauty in art.    (wow that's painful to type)
Indeed they are! Also I never crossed my mind that you would, so no worries there.
funny that you mention him. i follow his channel and i gatta say he admittedly doesn't really understand what a true infj is. now he's on this whole weird god crusade and now claims he was possessed...
a true intellectual warrior you are lol. all of that is true though, online tests don't do anything except cause mass confusion. learn the functions and apply them, its basically the only way to...
INFJ, FE and FI confused me for a bit tbh. also my intuition is not at all that strong. common mistype though, i feel like everyone filters through intj or infj before figuring it out.
Joel and Clementine from Eternal Sunshine remind me of that so hard... love them.
:laughing::laughing: No! you first!'"


4823: 'Sounds like James Bond. I'd say the ISTP fits the bill for that but INTP or an Fi type can definitely come across in a similar manner.
It probably isn't a good idea for anyone to try to be any type. It is also important to note that children tend to have perceiver qualities to them and don't look like judgers. As we grow older we...
I get stressed sometimes just like every other human does. Sometimes I cry and sometimes I don't. When it happens, I just tell myself everything will be okay and I make myself go do fun things,...
Nice avatar. Anyways a piece of advice from me is to give 100% of your energy on your positive side. Learn from your mistakes and then forget them. Don't dwell on the past, it's a trap.   Also,...
Very much so except around a couple very close friends who I can trust. Even around them, I still keep a lot of thing hidden. It is very annoying when people butt into my life and try to find out...
I am more of a day person but I do frequently stay up late. Where I live, the weather can be perfect late at night and I may get the urge to go out to get some warm tea or skate down some hills....
I am actually trying to figure that out. Usually I just think of one long extended example of how a situation can develop, not really multiple possibilities but sometimes it is that case. Can you...
Hi all you INFPs! I have never done a post quite like this on these forums. They have usually been just short questions about the functions but I am going to force myself to be completely honest,...
Is it possible to have both of those things?
Absolutely. That feeling of flying, wind in my hair, spectacular views, the feeling I get in my stomach.
A paper due tomorrow? You started a day earlier than I would have.
http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/98409-extraverted-sensation-function-se-misconceptions.html  This link may help you differentiate the two. I believe the two are incredibly similar...
I remember you used to identify as an ISFP. What were the factors that made you confirm that you are an INFP?
Certain objects remind you of other things which is an indicator of Si-Ne. NFPs just so happen to be a bit goofy. You stated that you used to zone out, which is very Ne. An Se dominant would be...
Contrary to the stereotype, I don't consider myself artistic. Sure I can pick up on how to play instruments pretty quickly but I do that with most hands on things. People like to refer to me as an...
It seems like almost every ISFP here would choose the second one but I would no doubt choose the first. It's not about success or money. Let's say your goal in life has nothing to do with money or...
Hi bula!  Computer science may not seem like the best fit for an ISFP, but any personality type can do whatever they want. I say go with what you feel is right but also practical at the same time...
I have read that INFPs have been known to be guilty of stating incorrect facts out of emotion. Is this really true or is this just immaturity? As a likely ISFP, I have been guilty of this before on...
Next time I feel embarrassed of my singing, I will look at my poster of Bob Dylan in my room. By the way, digging your profile pic. Just saying.
Well that was very warming and optimistic advice. But how do I tell a charlatan apart from the real thing? I do plan on getting voice lessons.
Oh I despise being the center of attention as well. But yes I really want to sing and so far it feels absolutely awesome.
Thanks everyone. I actually have started singing and although I'm not very good at the moment, I'm pretty sure I have potential and I see myself getting better. I found a good spot to sing along one...
Hi! ISFP here, at least I am pretty sure I am. I also consider myself new here too and I can tell you that a lot of people here are very nice and are willing to provide tons of information. Hope you...
To be honest, I'm pretty bad with criticism and I take it personally. I know it's wrong to do this but sometimes I can't help it. Usually nobody can tell that I get hurt from criticism because I keep...
I personally prefer tea but I do drink coffee at times. I drink both coffee and tea straight most of the time and I usually prepare it myself rather than go to a shop to get it.
That test typed me as ISFP.    extraverted Sensing (Se)  *********************************  (33.5) good use   introverted Sensing (Si)  ****************************  (28.4)
It really does seem like that but tests usually say INFP. The questions they ask are a bit vague and I never really know which answer to put. When a test asks something like Do you like details or...
Environmental science. I am waiting for general ed to be over with so I can get to the fun stuff
0) Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions?   For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life   circumstances? Other useful information includes...
I am more comfortable in a higher than normal voice, which is still pretty low compared to most. I plan on getting some one on one training when I get back to school. My range is pretty minimal but...
Well I really did it this time. Today I forgot my SOs anniversary present. I had it prepared and ready to go for the morning and I completely forgot about it. I must have been so excited to spend the...
Hello everyone! I'm posting this as a tentative ISFP because I am not completely sure yet. Maybe someone can point something out to tell me if I may be otherwise. Hopefully this belongs in the right...
Wow I never thought my description could be organized like that but it does make sense. I get what you mean by Ni making connections now. It does make sense that I am an ISFP but what swayed me away...
It seems I do have a good sense of detail but, if you don't mind, can you expand on the exact connections that I draw from Ni. Ni confuses me quite a bit.
I watched those videos from Dr. juice and I have seen similar ones elsewhere like from Davesuperpowers. I get what they are saying in the videos but I cannot place my finger on what is more dominant...
That flower looks really lovely. I like the lavender-ish purple that goes into the orange in the center. It reminds me of one of my guitars that also has a color change like that. The water drops on...
Well to be honest, I admit I am confused between Ni and Ne. I suppose Ne is all about possibilities and explosion of ideas with no real long term system thing going on. I notice that I have a hard...
Hmm there is a lot that I identify with in the ISFP description. I also identify well with the INFP description. I am pretty sure that my dominant function is Fi. Now what I am confused with is my...
Hi everyone! I will try to keep this as short as possible, though that seems to be hard for me. I have taken several personality tests but I really do not trust the results as they have been slightly...
Hello everyone! I have seen quite a few posts on these forums but I never contributed myself. I accidentally stumbled upon the mbti about a month ago and instantly became very interested. Lately, I...'"


4914: Don't know much about this forum either. Lol I only really only look and post on 2 threads.   But the spam world is on this page  http://personalitycafe.com/spam-world/  You're welcome  ...
Welcome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Don't get addicted to this place. I'm...
Internal Streaming  I haven't been doing Internal Streaming very consistently. I still try to do it every day but only for a very short amount of time like 20 min throughout the whole day. I just...
A couple weeks ago (maybe 2 weeks ago) I started to repeatedly see myself under a tree and surrounded by leaves constantly falling. I was in some kind of park. It felt so real, the realest image I...
I haven't been doing brain training very consistently since school started (which is 9/5/2017). Too much homework but really that's not a good an excuse. I'm gonna start doing my brain training...
Yonderboy I totally agree. What's kind of annoying though is most of the people who say this kind of stuff are the people with high iq's. I can guess why though. It's becuase if they say that sucess...
Yonderboy I totally agree. What's kind of annoying though is most of the people who say this kind of stuff are the people with high iq's. I can guess why though. It's becuase if they say that sucess...
I don't want to keep saying the same thing again and again but it can increase but ofcourse you won't be able to increase your IQ from 100 to 160 lol, there is a limit but a big gain is definentley...
Lol I'm not trying to fuck i'm under 18 but if i had the chance I don't know if i can control myself.  lol I wouldn't call them helecopter parents but they are pretty protective but they don't have...
Lol, I'm not a sociopath but I do like s and m. It's hard to choose which one I like best but I think I like s more than m. Being a masochist would only be fun if it's not with physical pain and is...
The Teaser doesn't seem like it's on my level if you know what I mean lol :)   Anyways, fun question  After Image Streaming for a while can you recreate anything? By that I mean can you imagine a...
Dang Linkzelda, I read your long post 2 and a half times and I think I understood about 60% of it. So I got the basic gist of it, I think. Uhh, too lazy to reread it again to fully understand it at...
Ohhhhhhhhh I get it. Dang, I had to read the long article and then what you said like 3 times. It was so simple. It's because you were using big words.  Lol. I felt like I was the only one who was...
Hey, guys!! I was just wondering about these 2 things.   Why does quantum wave streaming cause an existential crisis?  I keep on hearing you guys say that it does and that this guy with an IQ of...
I forgot to mention I also do meditation! I've been doing it inconsistently too. But I definitely do feel calmer and in more control of my emotions after meditating pretty inconsistently for about 7...
I tried that kind of approach for over 6 months and it just never worked out. I wasted 4 weeks of my summer trying to do that. I just get too into the show and even if i don't. The thought of having...
Dasos  Actually currently right now for the past month i haven't played any games or watched any shows (anime), It was super hard at first. Except when there are guests and stuff. So I have been...
New progress logging:  I tried to do external streaming and it didn't work out. This is what happened. I didn't see a burst of random images like i did with internal streaming. It was kind of...
Progress Logging (from 08-15-2017 02:00 AM)  So I asked a really smart friend for some advice so that I don't go crazy doing internal streaming and external streaming. I don't know why I didn't...
I actually have had some experiences with stroop training. I used to do it because I believed that it increased your IQ. I still do but it's just not that effective since it's kind of hard to find a...
sorry posted in the wrong thread
You have no control over external and internal streaming (but you also can, you'll see)  Some thought i had (08-13-2017 12:21 AM) Found a solution now though  In the future, if I start to do...
Guys, I made a thread to log in my progress so come check it out once in a while if you're interested.   I still had to log it my older progress on that thread because if not people won't know what...
Progress Logging (from 08-15-2017 02:00 AM)  Dual N Back  So I have decided to stop doing dual n back (not the game but the type) and I'm more focused on audio n back to improve audio memory....
Internal Streaming  It's just a stream of subconscious images that happens after you image stream for a while. They're just random images you see in your head. You don't think of the images you let...
I'll be posting my older progress logs. I used to post my progress on a different thread...
Psychological Streaming     It's an idea based on off Image Streaming. It's only a pre-practice before you use it on people. It's a way to make sure you got the concepts down before you actually...
Speed dual n back You have to know how dual n back works first. So basically when you do Dual N-Back you normally go at a rate of 3 seconds for the speed and increase the dual n back level, when you...
Hi, I'm Mike and I'll be logging in my progress on this thread. I'm trying to increase my IQ. I know IQ is not a 100% thing but it's the best way to measure intelligence (so far). I'm gonna try lucid...
Linkzelda Soooooooooo confused. I tried reading the first 3 paragraphs 3 times and I kind of got what you meant.   What I understood: You said that we use up some of our brain power trying to...
It's not. It's a lot more complicated than that. I remember Genius overlord saying that you have your eyes open and something about the physical objects that are by you etc... It was mentioned a...
Sorry accidentally double posted.
Dang it, sorry I'm kind of new here. So thank you.
Normally I'm home alone for hours. Normally i am paranoid but today was on a different scale beacuse of the sensory details. I was home alone for only about 10 minutes or so and I saw the...
I would like to do that but do you mean a new thread or just a group. How does that work is it just a chat? Who should make it? What should the name be?  I reccomend either you 2 make it since i...
http://personalitycafe.com/members/DesiredUsername.html  or   http://personalitycafe.com/members   Thanks for the name change. I don't want to change my name at the moment. But the link still...
Just saying but I did like your long posts link Zelda for the most part  Also, you're right. I thought this thread was gonna go away when it got to like page 21 but no, it fucking went to page 53...
The link to check if your name request is taken or not is not working. Please fix it when you have time. In the meantime, I would like to change my name to Mike15  If the name is not taken....
Progress Logging:  So I asked a really smart friend for some advice so that I don't go crazy doing internal streaming and mainly external streaming. I don't know why I didn't think of this, it's...
Lelouch Lamperouge  I have kind of thought of it like that but i always ignored that thought in a way because, Image Streaming might not shoot my IQ from 103 to over 140. But you're right even a...
(i don't i actually mean it i like knowing the truth)Dude stop sounding so negative you're making it sound like everone who does image streaming is going into a pot that will either be on or off....
In the future, if I start to do external streaming subconsciously due to the fact I've been image streaming for a while. Could I actually go paranoid and not know the difference between imagination...
It annoys me whenever someone says that and i used to say that to. The thing is though technology is growing at an exponential rate and thus there is a chance we might live for a long while and maybe...
Linkzelda     GeniusOverlord     Lelouch Lamperouge  dasos Lense and anyone else with some image streaming experience.  Just a few hours ago something happened to me. While I was doing internal...
Progress Logging   Dual N Back  So I have decided to stop doing dual n back (not the game but the type) and i'm more focused on audio n back to improve audio memory. But the thing i have decided...
Linkzelda thank you as well, you just made me remember a core concept in psychological Streaming. I don't know why I completely forgot about the debriefing part and it was right after I made it up...
dasos just saw your post. Yeah i totally feel your and obviously image streaming increase IQ and people would understand that without doing experiments or whatever if they could just give themselves...
I thought had already uncensored myself but i guess it just couldn't @##@$% be that simple because everything that's worth gaining is worked hard for or some bs like that. Well a bit of frustrations...
I didn't do the puzzle but you meant 5 minutes right? not 5 hours
This is just a statement, or kind of like logging in my progress and ideas. So i started seeing an imbalance between my audio memory and spatial memory when i was doing dual n back and speed dual n..."


4924: If I do a basic mbti test that web has to offer I almost always get INFP which I thought was true for a long time but somehow it didn't quite fit. Also 16personalities site has many times made me an...
I am attracted usually to other Isfp's and infp's(i feel so much similarities that i feel comfortable). And my boyfriend is Isfj and is just perfect for me! Although i feel attracted towards isfp's I...
I was quite shy as a kid but in the company of good friends i was very easygoing. I could play with other children but it was even better if I could play alone in my room and do my own...
Hi guys!  I've been trying to get my Brother to do cognitive functions test and finally he did it (he is really reluctant to all this kind of personality tests which i love:D). Here are the...
Cares
Kurt's (like Kurt Cobain :P)
Ferry
There was interesting chart there on page The red spirit linked. I took one part of it although many could be discussed. I've always felt I'm an ambivert and it seems also with this test it gives me...
Great playlist some of the songs i will add to my list. Here r couple of suggestions to you:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgaGCJfCHjU   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTjc1sPktlY
Great playlist some of the songs i will add to my list. Here r couple of suggestions to you:  https://www.youtube.com/wach?v=pgaGCJfCHjU
Warmth3 Warmth is how nice to people you are  Reasoning2.5 Reasoning is how good at abstract thinking you are  Emotional stability3.2 Emotional stability is how in control of your...
I promise to listen it later. I'm really interested and also happy that there is more music threads here! Although there are couple of them already but not this kind playlist thread.   I have many...
In my work place most of them are SFJ. Sometimes I feel I'm a bit different being Isfp but luckily there is one Esfp also:D We have good working atmosphere because we are all feelers and...
I feel the same! I've always been good at drawing if I have a model or a photo but creating something out of thin air is hard. Altough I feel I have always been master with colors. I might make a...
Swans
Listening to music I love makes me feel beautiful.. Combine that with biking around beautiful places and nature or when having quiet morning alone and drinking coffee, reading a book etc..   Also...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRR0Fi94F6s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Wg1MYjOguI
Scars
Really? :D
Of course I don't like that.. I'm just trying to understand them why they are doing that.
Amens
Just bought thid kind of oversized denim jacket which i've been dreaming of for a long time:love-struck:  676050
My boss, one cousin and ex boyfriend are ESTP's. They all have great, a bit sarcastic humour but sometimes that humour is (in my opinion) a bit mean. They sometimes do so that they notice other...
Roots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_BpEL1IDr4
Paste
:D I tried to upload pictures here from my cellphone.. They where sideways :D so no picture then.. Yet!
Great
Bossy
What is your MBTI type? Is it usually ISFP:)?
I love sudokus though:D
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUnWP8t6r8k
Mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fULXi348-jI
At work we have two floors where we work and then down stairs there's our lunch place. Sometimes I imagine how fun it would be if there was a spiral shaped slide (the kind of which you see at...
Sanoa (Finnish word)
greens
Makes
Fakes
Hello and welcome to PersonalityCafe:)  I tried once but I didn't have time and I didn't finish it:D I would like to try again though.  I heard that it's pretty simple to finish after all. Not...
Theories:  You're worried the other person will want too much of your free time, because you like spending time alone  True that's why i look for other introverts  You're unsure how you're...
Slips
It didn't work with smart phone but with laptop it did. And I needed to allow flashplayer.
Maybe catchy was a wrong word to describe what I meant:D(english is not my first language). Many older classical music is complicated to untrained ear and quite long too. Maybe more simple was enough...
I like your analysis. I wouldn't have been able to explain it the way you did.
673258  673266  673274
I found(/stole) this interesting test from cognitive functions forum and it made me wonder what other Isfp's got as a result:)? Sensing vs. IntuitionSensación vs. Intuición | 3D Psyche  Don't know...
scuff
Actually not sure.. I have really strong Fi so it could be that. It's hard to explain and that makes me think it's sign of intuitiveness. What makes you think it's Fi? I'm curious.:)"


4937: 'Road trips to Yellowstone with my dad and brother.  Playing Game Boy on the way there is also a great memory.  When my grandma and I would cook, bake, and garden together.  Every single time I...
Larry and Leon http://www.availableimages.com/television/d/3827-1/curb+17.jpg  Cathy from The Big C http://www.tvshows4all.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/bcd7efa12big-c-4.jpg.jpg  Kelso...
You hate doing loads of laundry, but you realize it has to get done.
I don't know anything about Brooke Shields personality.  I do see her listed as ISFP on almost every site though.
Oops, double post.
Thank you! :D  I like how I can relate to a lot of your posts  :]    Thanks!  :]  You just put the @ right before someones screen name.  No spaces.
I knewwww it! ;]
Watch funny movies Dance Play video games
We aren't the minority out of all 16 types, but we only make up about 5-7% of the US population.  That's very small compared to:  ISTJ 12-16% ISFJ 10-14% ESTJ 10-12% ESFJ 10-13%  We are...
What??   Elaborate, please.
One thing is for sure.. he used to be HOTT!  http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_lQVO9-Xjf84/S5omvY56cdI/AAAAAAAABH0/5Xyonn8Iafw/s1600/122752__dylan_l.jpg Ahh!
Awww, thank you RyRy! :D  I also like all of the ISFP's here... especially RyRyMini, letsride, Outcode, firedell, Sad Robot.. just to name a few.  There's a couple of new members that I might also...
Led Zeppelin - All My Love
So do you feel as if you are INTJ now?
I would say he definitely seems to be more of a Sensor.
I do everything that has already been said as well.    A few other things that I have done to reduce stress is:  Take a drive along Lake Michigan and listen to music. Take a long walk in the...
http://images.nationalgeographic.com/wpf/media-live/photos/000/264/cache/windy-lion_26405_600x450.jpg  http://www.becci.com/images/Africa%2005/lion-cubs-Savuti.jpg
Great posts guys!  I'm not sure if contradictory would be the right word though, for me at least.  I do act different towards some people, for different reasons.  I'm blunt with some people, and...
Nobodies feelings should take priority over the other, but the revealer isn't the one in the dark about something.  It's the revealer's responsibility to tell the person they are dating that they are...
Very well said freyaliesel
I haven't read most of the posts here yet, but for me personally, I would want to know upfront if somebody i'm talking to or dating is transsexual.  I wouldn't be rude or mean to them, but I feel...
Sad poem.  Did you and a significant other break up?
I used to be soo disorganized.  I would forget where I put things.  I would go to the store and only remember 5 or 6 out of the 10 things I needed to buy.  I didn't have any routine to household...
Can you make me one pleaseeeeee?!  Can you teach me how to do that??  Can you do my nails just like yours?!!
Your family:  Cheerful, relaxed mood most of the time.  Your friends you know well: Outgoing, funny, and trusting.  We always have a really good time.    Strangers (people you've just met):  I'm...
Same with me.  There's only a couple of people who I truly open up to.
Best: Biology, Guitar, Art, English, Photography, Foods Worst: French (I would space out so much in that class) and Calculus.
I love your style!  So many INFP inspired/dup threads.  Them and their great ideas! :]
From doing a google seach, it seems as if a lot of people think Hedberg is INFP.  Second most guessed seems to be INTP.  A lot of the posts have very strong points on why they think he was an N.
Fizz, since I like a lot of your posts that I come across, I would like to direct this post towards you.  I just watched this video  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2491LucLa1g  and didn't laugh...
Thank you RyRy, ^ my feelings almost exactly.  I have seen a few videos of him in the past though (I really love comedians/comedy), and he definitely doesn't seem ISFP to me.
hmmm.. personally, I don't think he's an ISFP.
He sounds very confused with what he wants.  Confused mixed with other issues.  Like Neko said, ISFP's are very in tune with our own internal values.  A few of my family members don't like my...
My cousin is an ENTJ and we have always gotten along very well.  DarkSideOfLight, he doesn't give orders to anybody in the family.  That's pretty much one of those sterotypes.  I've never seen him...
hahaha.    Shrimp right.
Which INTP? lol
Since expressing our feelings for others with words is usually not our way, I was wondering what are some of the things you have done for the important people in your lives to show them that you...
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-4BU0WWujA4Y/TaABrH74SkI/AAAAAAAAFUg/Sfxe9tSRckk/s1600/candy-dots.jpg  I never loved the taste of Dots.... but I must have really loved the colors because as a kid I would...
I doubt he will be confused.  He's probably going to say something like, Everybody calm down.  Mina was right!! :D hugs   lol  It's all love guys.
NekoNinja, you can't be serious, lol.  Alexz clearly broke down his response to MisterLiver's post in the exact same order that MisterLiver typed it out.  Both of the posts were about ISFP's...
portionsforfoxes and NekoNinja.  I think Alexz was referring to the post below.
Yummy everyone!!  I don't have a huge sweet tooth, but these below have always been my favorite.  http://www.chocablog.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/08/reesescups2.jpg...
haha, how about Oyster up?   HeyGirl, lol sayonara.
HeyGirl, I have READ studies and books on this, mainly to try and understand the INFP's in my life better.  It's not just my interesting experiences with the 2 INFP's in my life.  I guess this is...
I got this thread topic from Peripheral in the INTP section.  That thread has some quality posts haha, you guys should go check it out.  Did you go to your Junior and/or Senior Prom?  Why did or...
hahaha, you guys are awesome and hilarious.  Great posts in this thread.
No problem :]   Our dominant function is introverted feeling (Fi).
I know two INFP's in real life.  They both admit to having an extremely negative outlook on life.  As I said, it is also in most INFP descriptions.  INFP's are normally pessimistic. ISFP's are...
It's hard to say, it really all depends on the person and what their purpose is.  ISFP or not, sometimes people have ulterior motives.  Although i'm pretty sure an ISFP would be one of the least...
Hi Luftkopf, glad to have you here. :]'"


4951: 'In a state of limbo.  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
Some assurance that everything will turn out right!  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
Not too healthy, starting out today. I am in England right now, and they have easy, bite sized cakes at the store that I bought. I ate some for breakfast. Not to proud of that, but they are so...
Honestly, parts of it I relate to, but a lot of it falls flat. I don't really rely on decriptions for ISFP anymore, since they usually treat us as more... shallow INFPs... Does that make sense?  It...
Scribble, drive, bacon  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
leictreon Happy Bursday!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCYzk67y_wc
It is weird to think about dogs with bellybuttons. Or cats with bellybuttons.  Hopefully I won't wake up tomorrow in a world where dogs and cats have bellybuttons. I would have to get used to a...
cozy corn nuts! (or is corn nuts one word?)  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
When I was little I always felt bad for the kids during the Summer! Nobody knew about their birthdays! No recognition!  I also didn't like my birthday, because it started right when school started,...
Lol, I thought this was a thread asking when you would want your ideal birthday to be ON!  Derp. Anyway, sticking to what I thought this thread was about, I was born in September. But I ALWAYS...
I am full of so many dancing emotions! My sleep schedule for the next 2 weeks is going to suck! XD  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
I am so excited and happy! I am going to England see my boyfriend on the 3rd of May! I am even excited for the trip! 19 hours of airports and flying, then the subway and a trainride to his house! I...
Actually, no. I am really lucky to have such accepting people in my life. My parents are introverted, and often go off to do their own things, while my sister is more extroverted and works in the...
I am just sitting here, chilling, without pants on.  I'm free!  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
computer is broken!  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
I have always wanted to go on a date to a petting zoo!  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
I actually don't find it hard to say I love you. Maybe it was the way I was raised, but I have always felt comfortable expressing it. It wasn't something that was always expressed, but it never...
Feeling a bit frustrated. I am trying to look up flights to see my boyfriend, and the prices are outrageous! What's worse is that they seem to go up in price the farther out the date! I guess this...
I am really thankful right now. I have been trying my hardest to stay positive and it has really worked!  I remember in the fall I had a really hard time leaving my boyfriend to come back to the...
Woah, Is that a chocolate covered strawberry on a bed of white chocolate? I am so jealous!  Maybe I will go to the store later to get strawberries.... I have been craving them forever!  Sent from...
I feel happy and giddy and strangely energized!  I just had a video call with my boyfriend, and instead of feeling drained like I usually do with any interaction, I felt like rolling down a hill!...
Awwwww, but I am right here! I just haven't had anything to say lately is all! :)  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
I feel proud of myself. I started going to the gym, and so far I am sticking to it, even though I find it hard and boring. compared to a year ago, I am really doing positive things. I have grown so...
going to go visit my boyfriend in May, 2 months earlier than originally planned!  I feel like doing an Irish jig!  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
cute fuzzy memories!  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
This so much. A little over half the time I test INFP, even though I know for sure I am an ISFP.  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
I actually considered myself asexual for the longest time. I never found myself attracted to anyone, male or female. I did get crushes on personalities though. I am now in a relationship with my...
I used to get migraines all the time. I am talking about one big migraine for weeks or even months at a time. It was debilitating, and I couldn't do anything when I had them. I decided to talk to my...
A good volunteer job!  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
You basically said everything I wanted to say but didn't know how to say. INFPs should really read this!  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
Basically what I was going to say!  I get along very well with INFPs. I feel very comfortable with them in ways I don't experience with other types.  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
I feel cuddly and loving!  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
I can see that. I see a lot of me in him at my worst. Definitely a sensor. How would you type Spongebob and Patrick though?  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
Wow, you have really long hair. How long did it take you to grow it out that long? Do you do anything special to keep it from getting split ends?  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
I came to the Infp subforum because I typed as one, and I wanted people to connest with. Even though I came to the conclusion that I am an ISFP, I feel like this place has become my home on PerC. ...
Oh my! I even feel sorry for the other kids in the class! It sounds like they were exasperated with the other kids too! It is unfair to them the the others are so disruptive.   Sent from my...
Meh. Kids. People would think I would be good with kids. My mother is a foster parent, so I grew up with lots of them. All the women in my family seem to gravitate towards them. But I just don't......
No, I don't think I have ever been an intimacy slut. I am far to private to ever be that way. It takes a long time to get to know me. I do find people often like to divulge private things or their...
I am always a little nervous before flights. But I am actually not afraid of flying. It is like a plane flies so high in the air, the height from the ground loses it's meaning. I am afraid of heights...
I like stuff. I like a nice distance every now and then. But as for planets and stars? Eh, they are okay. I mean, I would be very distressed if they suddenly disappeared one day, but I can easily...
Awww, that is nice of you to say! I don't particularly feel weird though, just pretty basic.... or baseline.  Now INFJs, they are weird! :3  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
Dangit! you beat me to it! I keep this in my phone!  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
https://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170310/0d0f810388e4211ad42318336652d4e2.jpg  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
I am feeling a little disheartened. I wish I could be with my boyfriend more, but the current situation makes it so I can see him only a few times a year.  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
To be with my boyfriend.  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
As in he has Borderline personality disorder.  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
Oh my, I am still terrified of storms! Being from California (as you know) I never really got used to thunder storns, and hearing scary stories about them when I was younder didn't help. I do...
I love froggies! I am a fan of all.animals really... (oh shot, it begons) dangit!  As for my earliest memorie, it isnvt a happy one. I remember it was thundering one noght when O was a baby, and...
I feel a sense of longing and loneliness. It will be awhile before I can see my boyfriend again.   Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk
U.K. residency!  Sent from my SM-G360V using Tapatalk'"


5021: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQEmaj9C6ko&feature=feedf
Your life experiences ultimately shape who you are and your dominating personality functions.   I think locking up my emotions has something to do with my being an introverted feeler.
Yes, I am seeing that pattern as well! :p (I am no exception when it comes to metabolism.) Though, it is not my type that affects that, but my genetics.   welcome to the forums : )
Yeah, I don't think I've caved to peer pressure very much... Perhaps once or twice. Mostly at the time I was just curious and wanted to experiment. I had some very amazing experiences that I will...
I only smoke pot. Though, I have experimented when I was a bit younger. ecstasy and magic mushrooms.   Nothing extreme like Cocaine, Heroin or Meth though. I'm not an idiot.  People like to...
I am the skinniest man alive. Type doesn't affect weight at all. Those things are hilarious though. I had a laugh reading them.  :p
My friend, I was in the exact same position as you a month ago. I was so lonely I couldn't even believe. You can't have social opportunities if you don't go and look! Try finding out about some local...
Music. Mostly electronic at the moment, though I was a vocalist in a few bands, growing up.
http://a5.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/200640_107887319293912_100002179346435_78048_3376767_n.jpg  that big piece of fluff on my shoulders is my kitten, Cecelia.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auDmlbaH590
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEgxy3sBFmE
Well, to each there own I suppose. I do sometimes appreciate being alone. It's usually a nice time for reflective meditation. Introverts need it.
I would have to disagree, somewhat.... Or at least I know, I'm not like that. I hate conflict and I hardly ever go out of my way to bring up one's failures. In fact, I'm usually the one cheering that...
Thanks and welcome to the forum my friend!
Try and involve yourself more in social situations. I know it can be hard for us introverts, but we have just as much potential as the extroverts have if we just try to understand that if we don't...
For once, I'd have to agree with Jezroue... : |  Still doesn't change the fact that it happens, however. Depression is something we all have to deal with at one point or another. Though I think...
Sure, I can be depressing. However, Every other personality type can be. Perhaps there are more then others. We also seem to forget that certain other factors play into somebody's full personality...
Ertertwert! thanks for uploading such good tunes! Synesthesia is one of my personal faves by porcupine tree. : )  cheers ^^
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_Vy--7DxaQ&feature=related  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-v9I2kztI8I&feature=related  Most likely one of my favorite bands. : p I sincerely, recommend listening...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlysZAUNyFg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jhXq3KPH20
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBszC40uvdQ
I believe I do this quite often, I don't think it is a type-specific kind of thing. Though, perhaps Ni's do it a little more.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT0gRc2c2wQ
Well Hokahey, no matter what your name is, you are still a nice guy. Nothing wrong with that to me my friend. : )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQEmaj9C6ko  It's true. : p
My talents are very few but the ones that I have, I excel at. I am a singer, songwriter and I also write other types of literature. Poems, short stories, etc.
have you heard Steven Wilson's solo album? There are a lot of light songs but there are some VERY dark moments too. Check it out if you want. It kind of reminds me an INFJ actually.    ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGiTPgvKktM
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ycOp67eLoM
I have the same problem, my friend. : (  We are consistantly inconsistant.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlq7axDVF-E
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lh5_Wdd80lE  This one always cheers me up. It's a little more mainstream but it really brings me back to when I was a kid. Oh, Nostalgia.... : P
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8MAHQhKe7Q
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQVeaIHWWck
^^^ Keep practicing. It is quite an amazing instrument.(only if you really like it of course)
Aspera - Thank you for the compliments! Nice avatar by the way, Aspera! Cheers. ^^^
For sure! Always glad to share good music with others who can appreciate it. ^^
This was about as close to an awesome mood that I could get...   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VixG3b-C7Fk
Not a stalker at all. Just a person who cares very deeply for someone, who will never know, how much they mean to them.
Have a listen. Good good song.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs
Damn, well I guess I better get started. I'll probably play horribly, however. :P
Now that, Is very very cool. I love Violin. Would you say it is very difficult to pick up? It must be hard to master.
You should definately make some more!
You should give it a shot! I'm sure you have a wonderful voice : )  What instruments are you inept at?
Glad to see that there are some knowledgeable people when it comes to Drugs and their legality. : )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-rnmSQXE9Q
I'm curious. Let me know if you are and I am totally up to hearing some of your work, if you are comfortable with it. I'm a singer, songwriter myself. :crazy:  Any other INFJ's on here with musical...
I confess to belting out Don't Stop Believing by Journey when I am home alone. : P
Yoga is very good for the mind and body. I prefer Tai-Chi though. It just relaxes me more, while it works out my body.'"


5052: 'What is up, y'all?
Okay, so usually I'll just drift apart from friends. Now that I'm a mom, though, I find that I have a difficult time being friends with other moms with vastly different parenting values. If I...
I agree with the poster who said to just talk to her.   I'm an iSFP married to an INTJ and during our pre-marriage relationship, I was super needy and called a bajillion times, especially if he...
Orthodox Christian.  I grew up going to a Baptist church. Fell away from church during my teen years. Explored different expressions of beliefs and have recently converted to Orthodoxy.
Another SP checking in who has been treated for ADHD by many, many meds in the past. (Currently freeeee :frolic)
So today I was balancing how much gas I'll need in my car this week for work Vs. how much money I wanted to spend at a direct sales party. Cool looking utility totes and bins last longer than my tank...
lol I actually have 3/4 of a tank of gas in my car right now, and tonight was pizza night. Yay! lol. But the gas light in my car has come on more in the last year than it had ever come on in the 10...
YES! I don't know why, but I'm definitely in my tribe! lol.
Okay, so I haven't really read your post in its entirety (sorry), but I'd say go for maintenance mechanic as a primary, and as time allows, you can do fitness training in any spare time (evenings,...
I had to stop watching after 3 of the little clips because my 'net sucks and it was going slow. And each clip starts out slow anyway. But like the above poster, I enjoy watching the actual action...
For the most part, I find NTs to be analytical and sometimes a little cold/clinical. Or uptight. Not always uptight, though. I like most NTs, but sometimes I can be caught off guard by them.
my net sucks too badly to be able to efficiently watch vids here online, but I'll try to remember! :)  I know I'm def an SFP, and my i/e function varies a little, I think. I'm not too strong either...
I like parties with weird histories (example: husband's nephew's birthday parties, with my mother in law and her ex husband and his flavor of the week with him, and many other characters there.... )-...
It's been said that the SP answer to this question is As long as the chicken made it safely, we shouldn't question her motives.  ;)
Thank you for posting this. I saw Kony all over FB, but with my terrible internet I knew I wouldn't be able to get the video to load timely enough.
I'm an eSFP and I got orange.    This was the first time I'd taken the True Colors Test. My results were: Orange 18 Blue 15 Green 12 Gold 5
@WamphyriThrall Oh yeah. lol.
Um, FUN. Like, dancing on the performance stage at a bar, laughing at everything kind of fun. Except that one time I yelled at a girl for hitting on one of my friends. Um...yeah. At least I...
OOOOH! Instinctual!!! I love it! That very much sounds like me! (especially in regards to the way I've parented my child. the word instinct just feels very indirectly/directly related to parenting,...
as an SP who would be an SF in your list, I might call SFs Fixers. As in, we see a need, we need to help someone or fix something so everyone is happy or fulfilled, etc.
LOL.... not only are ISTPs kind and sincere, but they are also playful, apparently. :giggle:
Hmm, I'm not sure. I alternate- I guess I do have a sweet tooth. But I also love creamy, savory dishes, and things with other seasonings as well.  My mother, who is an IStj, has a major sweet...
I think many people probably have one or a few parts of their MBTI that are close and kind of teeter back and forth, but I tend to think that (at least for me) the I/E is least important. It bugs me...
Well, as long as we're able to go off of stereotypes and personal experiences, I say ISFP or ISTP.
Based on my spouse's type (intj) and my type (either esfp or isfp, I'm not fully certain)- We either have conflicting relations (when I marked myself as esfp).... or Relations of Activity (when I...
I'm guessing Vinny is an ISFP. Maybe Snooki as an ESFP.   hm, idk, anyone wanna throw out guesses about them? Vinny Snooki Deena Jenni Sam
Hm.  I think I might actually be tilted a little more on the E side.  I'm reading Keirsey's book right now.
It's so weird- I find myself fighting the idea that I'm either I or E.  Around Is, I seem super extroverted. Around Es, I seem pretty shy and akward.  Let's have a commune somewhere. Nevermind,...
Hey, I remember last month you mentioned that you needed to bounce some thoughts off of me. I didn't want you to think I forgot. Has anything been bothering you lately?
YAY, my TRIBE! :giggle Maybe this is why I test at borderline I/E!!!!!
Most of the time, yes.
I totally did that.  After my 2 year degree, I needed something exciting in my life to happen. So I moved 1000+ miles and got married immediately after the semester ended. :shiftylook: I didn't...
I do it. Kind of a lot. But my I/E is a total toss-up.  (Maybe I am an E... I don't even feel bad about it... lol.)
omg, I haven't heard that Britney Spears song in foreverrrr!  On some celeb MBTI celeb list, I saw that B. Spears is an ISFP.
So I might have forgotten a lot of things on my list.  cooking (if someone else cleans up the mess :P)  drinking new wines (and old wines... :shifty)  beadwork (Native American beadwork,...
self-talk. I repeat things over in my head to talk myself down, It isn't my job to parent everyone. Don't say anything to that person about that horrible thing they're doing to their kid, you...
I always hated fashion and felt super self-conscious and like I couldn't put an outfit together. :hug so ITU. I have a comfort-thing, too. I can NOT wear anything tight around my neck- absolutely...
Okay, so, kind of reviving this. :)  Love everyone's style.  For the last year+, I've been learning more about a program called Dressing Your Truth.  I'm a Type 3. (There are 4 types.)  You're...
Totally experience this.  I'm definitely the give someone on the street the coat off my back type of person, and if I don't help someone, I end up literally in tears. I find myself so torn over...
Hi, I'm Kathryn, an xSFP. (On tests my i/e usually comes out equally expressed).    I'm not incredibly familiar with Enneagram, but my results seemed to be 7w6, and my Jungian Cognitive Function...
29558  Here's me :)
at home on their computer (....chat room... webcam...?) at a bar by themselves having beer or wine and people watching. sometimes you'll see them kind of trying not to laugh at all the ridiculous...
When I skimmed through and saw hedonistic, I was like, Well... of course... I kinda like to have fun and enjoy stuff! :P  lol.
I like it sometimes because there are some people who I don't always want to be on the phone with. I like relaying something funny or frustrating/venty to my husband without expecting a response......
I'm married to an INTJ :frolic He's all serious and logical, and serial-killerish like you INTJs and stuff... and I'm just kind of fun and laid back and roll my eyes and try to do stuff to make him...
A lot of times I'll try to help them, if it's a stupid survey or something.  If it's a wrong number, I'll say, Oh... um.. I think you've got the wrong number... (them: oh, okay, thanks).....okay,...'"


5096: 'I just love love love love love love love love love love this track <3<3<3<3  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmWaDDVa2_g&feature=fvsr
CATS  http://dingo.care2.com/pictures/greenliving/uploads/2011/02/catonback.jpg DUCKS  http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_E0lrTQ7bI1Q/SexJKWz0VQI/AAAAAAAAA2A/lZxtW5tMDYc/s400/cute-birds-wallpapers-1.jpg...
This perfectly explains my belief of the after-life :laughing:  The Afterlife in Islam - ReligionFacts  Don't take it personally :P
Hmmm, let me see.....  Life has taught me:-  --> Negativity will only bring more of it.  When we focus only on negativity, obviously that's all we will see. We  will not seek out positivity, and...
Am i the only ISFP with type 3w2  <_<
@TheOpenDoor  I'm interested to know where has all ur frustration and anger come from because it amuses me :P care to share ur reasons? If you haven't even read it yet then why do you say that's...
I have no comment about the LoA but regarding your story I feel I can relate to you since my dad is a successful ENTJ himself but he has an academic career (A Professor of Electric Engineering) as he...
We already have something in common then ! :D   Honestly, i wz surprised by ur answers cz i thought u'd strictly choose one from each question but surprisingly u smartly stated your preferred time...
Absolutely :3 !  and the examples down there prove it xD   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eHCxCLYuE0 I especially love the sound effects HAHAHA XD  FlapJack ...
So. Very. True. U-U ! I end up asking ppl how's their day cz i dunno how to start deep convos in the first place with them or whether they'll be interested .. boo-boo -.- ! But I do enjoy knowing how...
I Satisfy For Pleasure  :P
Welcome ! Welcome ! and you're always Welcomed !  My best friend is an INTJ ! (just felt like sharing that piece of information :P) and I always look forward to discuss maaaaaany range of topics...
Am I People or Others ???!!! Moi is confused X_X !  Anyways krisp, ur name reminds me of crisps for some reason -aaaaaaaah- im craving them already ! ._.  So hey, what's your favourite snack ?...
TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO  ElloOoooOoo,  Enjoy your stay in PerC ! :D <3 ~
Type 3 with a 2 wing :P
Arabic, English and basic Japanese from watching too much animes :P  Arabic is my first language however these days when I try to recall certain words in arabic I tend to remember them instantly...
Ow ma Gawd i hate my grammatical errors and my neglectance by not revising my post before posting ! I meant to say you dont even need to google translate it xD !!!  and LOL Xmas Cards ?! strange!...
I love love love love love love love love love my ISFJ sista ! O^O <3 Who's older than me by 6 years   I am sure she is an ISFJ because I made her take the test !  She's such a sweet person and...
Omedetou alone means congratulations. Omedetou Gozaimashta indicates a veeery heartyy congrats ! ^-^ and yes it's in japanese xD   U know what, you dont even dont to google translate it, just paste...
HOLY**** !   Vaan, you're actually my senior and i just knew about it? o-o  and to think i was talking to you as a fellow newbie （゜◇゜）... NAAAAAAH Just kidding ;) ConGraTuuuuLations Vaan ! ...
You, jdizzydee, saying that there's no need of a reply makes me wana reply so bad for a reason （￣ー￣）!  Enjoy your stay jimmy ;P  You're most welcome, MoOoLY
I seee so it is more of a shounin-ai actually since yaoi means sexually explicit content :D     I loooooooove the monopoly money part u came up with cz u totally succeeded in confusing me ! xD  ...
yeah i knew it had a yaoi element which surprised me when i knew u watched but then i thought either he doesnt mind or actually doesnt know :P  oooh Reeeeally? I dont seem like a S huh?!? U shd see...
YES, YESSSS SHIIIKIIII I just remembered the guy :D ! with the black silky hair ! and shiny black outfit ~ <3   btw does the anime follow the game ? Or u cd just tell me all about the anime and how...
I don't know if this will work with your friend chickpeaax but this is the story of how I got my self-confidence back.   I'm an ISFP myself and in my early skools years i nvr thought about beauty...
one word: orgasmic ゜-゜ !!   ow-ma-Gaaaawd u too ?! Sprinkles add life to all kinds of sweets <3 yummm ~   and hunny u absolutely don't need to apologize about getting hyped up ! Actually, I enjoy...
Hi everyone! :D  I have this strong passion for Psychology (ding dong! ChengCharlie!) and I aspire to be a Psychotherapist. I just seem to have this special knack for solving the many problems ppl...
There, Kayness said it all :tongue: This is truly all what i had in mind and she perfectly typed it down !  I am also so blessed that i have found a partner with the rare trait :wink: <3
19173  19174   P.S. My bedroom's wallpaper is Lime Green while my curtains are dark Magenta pink and Olive drab :P <3 ~ oh! and did i mention my bed's colour is Pale Gold ! <3<3<3  P.S.S....
awww thnx Mouse222 for the warm welcome :D !!! and what kind of doughnut is it? ;P <3
Oh Leeolittlefaith, you just said what i had in mind ;P   I tend to lsn to Techno and Dubstep A LOT. Jazzy songs/music is also nice but only when the mood strikes me. But, I definitely, definitely...
+.+HaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaH+.+(that's supposed to be the sound of hailing angels)  Congratulations, Con-GRaaaaaaaaaaa-Tulations ! You have just leveled up tremendously :D ! Blessings of Juliano upon...
First of all, I dont even know why i chose that title.  I have been interested in all this personality 'talk' since a long time ago but i couldn't find a lively, interesting bunch of people to...'"


5097: 'Seems to me like movies would be right up ISFP's alley. The music, the sound effects, the cinematography, the costume makeup, and empathizing/sympathizing with certain characters...it all seems to...
ISFP Male  Most: ENFP, ENFJ Least: INTP, ISTJ, INTJ
I would say a cross between a couple of the options you gave.  Physical activity is very important to me, but I don't mind being still, either.
susank56: ESTJ
No, check the google search pic again...
check again ;)
I need silence too for the most part. I'll get too distracted and focus on whatever sounds I hear.
If I'm in love with a girl and reject her then it's because I think she deserves better than me. I don't think that is the case in your situation though. I would just ask her if she would be...
Smile over eyes by a hair
Positives  -I'm adventurous and spontaneous. I'm always up for anything you suggest. -I'm emotionally supportive. You will receive gifts from the heart from me. -I'm loyal.  -I'm genuine and...
Most of my close friends are intuitive as well. And all of the girls I've dated are all NF's. I grew up with ENFJ mother and INTP brother, so maybe that's why I surround myself with intuitive people.
Would love to live in a town like this :)
Generally attracted to ENFx's
ISFP  words of affirmation and quality time
I've always been told that I'm a good kisser. I dunno
I'm a great listener. I love hearing stories from others and life experiences the most. When politics and religion enter the discussion I lose interest though.
unhealthy isfp
Who's to say society is right? ;)
Who says guys are meant to do the chasing? I don't think there's a right or wrong in regards to who pursues who.
I agree with this part for sure. Although I'm a male ISFP. I need to be with a girl that can make decisions because I'm terrible at it. I hate making the wrong decision so I like being with someone...
I'm the worst, haha. I just straight up act awkward. I think this only applies if I've made out or hooked up with the friend I recently started liking though. I don't know what it is but I get...
Does anyone ever think the best types to take advice from are those that share your same functions?  So hypothetically speaking if I was equal friends with every single MBTI type and they all...
On personality cafe because I'm bored.
I wish I wasn't scared to try new things by myself. (things out in public)
ENFJ's...mmmmm
love
romantic gestures
My strongest romantic connection ever has been with an ENFJ. She made me feel comfortable so quickly. So I was able to open up to her quicker than anybody else. ENFJ's have a lot of admirable...
Wouldn't mind being istp
I like the idea but I wouldn't feel comfortable posting a pic of my best friend.
More sensitive than most people I know yes. Wish I was less sensitive, but then again I think it makes me a more caring person towards others.
My best friend is a female ESTJ. She has every quality I lack. She's confident, assertive, and organized. She makes logical decisions and isn't afraid to say what's on her mind at any time. She's...
So take the average
esfp
I'd say I'm a better dancer than most of my friends but would never voice it. Whenever I'm dancing at clubs I have absolutely no thought out routine, it is completely improvised every time. Even...
Never a dull moment when I get together with an ENTP :D I know a few INTP's too but we don't connect as well as I do with ENTPs.
what poll
1. Happy are you? 5  2. Socially skilled are you? 4  3. Lazy are you? 9  4. Emotional are you? 8  5. Book smart are you? 5  6. Cocky are you? 1  7. Fun are you? 7  8. Goofy are you? 7  9....
My mom is most definitely ENFJ
isfp, based on your occupation in your profile (artist)
555165551755518  My living room :)
Ixfp?
I grew up with my cousin who is the same age as me and is an INTJ. Although we now live 2000 miles away, we both feel as though we have a greater understanding of each other than anyone else in our...
never have
Entp
ENTP, ESTJ, ExFx
Is it more of an INFP thing or Fi dominant thing? I completely relate to OP
I'm definitely in this loop, and need to get out of it
INTJ - probably understands me on a level that nobody else quite does ENTP - awesome adventures together, most confident person I know ESTJ - best friends, she will always have my back and stand up...
Balancer    As a Balancer, you want to carefully and passionately manage your time to get the most out of your life.  You want to choose a job that interests you but still allows...'"


5115: 'Scrambled eggs with tomatoes and onions on challah
When life feels empty and meaningless without someone or something to obsess over.
It's so cold my nipples hurt. :(
I use PerC to document the range of dumb things I do in my love and/or sex life because writing them down for just myself feels inadequate and posting them on any of the other forums I visit feels...
Whaaa? Color me confused and explain it to me like we're both drinking sparkling wine cocktails right now haha.
FUUUUUUCK I really want to talk to my ex. I miss having someone who would let me sort out my feelings with them.
I know this is true and I also know I have a lot to offer but a.) I offer it with copious amounts of crazy on the side and b.) I'm vain and insecure. So it's all a little bewildering to me sometimes.
I wish I wasn't such a neurotic and insecure piece of shit. Actually taking my ADs might help if only I could muster up the motivation to do it. I just can't ... I see the bottles on my bedside...
Every single guy I've dated seriously has in turn previously been in a longterm relationship with a woman who is far more attractive physically than I am. I know I'm not ugly and I also know that I...
Before anyone takes me seriously, please just ignore me. I'm a dumbass but I'm not in any immediate danger ... and I'm genuinely not doing this for attention, just screaming into the void and running...
Well, like Oscar Wilde, I'm also well on my way to being broke, syphilitic and dead so there's always that. :D
Self-loathing is addictive though ... the things you'll do to feed it are so fantastically perverse.
I'm an idiot and hate myself.
4w5 probably fits me best, followed by 9w8.
She's mediating her audience's experience of Americana the way people glamorize the East -- mysterious, feminine, submissive, sexual, dangerously dirty. She uses strip clubs, flags and freedom to...
Rice pudding.
I wish you would talk to me. I wish you wanted to.
I'm surprised that one of those crazy intuitives hasn't tried to turn this into a type me questionnaire yet. :P
Currently working on one chart, so two more spots are open.
I don't know if there's a thread for this already but since I'm too lazy to look for it, I figured I'd just start my own.  ---  I've recently got into astrology and would like to practice reading...
Sun conjunct Saturn in Sagittarius (10th house), Mars conjunct Jupiter in Pisces ascendent (1st house), Moon (opposition Sun) in Gemini (4th house).  Each piece fits into a larger puzzle amazingly...
Intimacy and the opportunity to explode my feelings all over someone, preferably a hot guy, and have them reciprocate.
Think about whether or not you're prepared to go through life without betraying the tiniest hint of weakness, exhaustion, fear or lack of confidence. Because that's what being an excellent sheep at...
I feel weighed down and exhausted with sadness.
I wish with all my heart that I could help you learn to love yourself and to find a direction in life that sustains and fulfils you. I know I can't though. So I will continue to love and hope from a...
I don't like going to the doctor when I'm sick because I'm paranoid that they'll find something terribly wrong and it will ruin my life. I'm only okay going to the doctor when I feel all right and...
Both my parents are professors. My dad is an INTP and for him, academia IS life, so I don't think he cares so much about the work-life balance. He relaxes from teaching by doing research and from...
Here are a couple of helpful articles on getting a job in a two year college.  How the Job Search Differs at Community Colleges - Advice - The Chronicle of Higher Education  What...
If you are interested in teaching at a community college from the very get go, you're going to have to do things a little bit differently (actually, maybe significantly differently) than the typical...
I want some motherfucking resolution. No more shadow boxing. Jesus.
It's not so much about whether or not it's a good fit for an ISFP as whether or not it's a good fit for you. Being an academic is hard. To get a tenure track position in even a small college, you...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJzJmUGx5oM  Can we start it all over again this morning? I let down my defenses this morning It was just you and me this morning I fought all my guesses this...
I wish I could just erase the last four years of my life. Everything from August 2010 has completely and utterly sucked the vitality and sparkle and passion out of me. I'm conventional now. Staid....
I think my boyfriend and I are on the verge of breaking up. This November would have been our third year together.  I'm hoping that somewhere underneath the pain and the resentment and the fear and...
No, because I get bored ... and depressed about how boring my life is.  And when my life is not boring, keeping a journal is pretty much the last thing on my mind. Although I did once write a diary...
I look like 15 years older than my boyfriend. Especially after he shaved his beard and mustache off. Ugh. I feel so ancient. Why does he get to look young while I look like a hag? It's so unfair. :(
Lana Del Rey is orientalizing America. In the most beautiful, seductive way. I think it's pretty genius.  People were insecure about the Orient too. Actually, for somewhat similar reasons, I...
So ... I'm not really sure how to describe this ... but it made me really uncomfortable for some reason ... so I'll try.  I don't like it when groups of friends hang out and take pictures to put on...
Well, Gryffindor it is then. If it worked for Harry, it should work for you too, right? Right.  /Sorting Hat Fairy
Gryffinclaw.
9s fear the separation from their own selves that happens when they lose someone they love. Like having a limb chopped off. Also, because 9s typically have a weaker sense of self than 4s (or most...
I used to be good at describing physical things. I got  a real kick out of painting vivid word pictures. But I haven't really done any creative writing in several years now. My descriptive ability,...
Fancy schmancy Greek username? Philosophical riddle in signature? You go straight to Ravenclaw.
I had the most amazing daikon stuffed whole wheat flatbreads today with sweet mango relish. So good.   I love food. Love cooking it, eating it, sharing it.
I'm listening to Lana Del Rey slur her way through Ultraviolence and I feel like this right now.  It's not that I don't love the people in my life or that I won't cherish and defend them with all...
I wish I knew. :sad: Either a 9 or a 4 though, I think.
I don't think it's a big deal, unless the person's wall is private or restricted to their friends' list, in which case I can see why they might be offended.  I personally don't care enough about...
One of my classmates from college recently got engaged to a woman from a very conservative family and all his future in laws have promptly friended him on Facebook. Each time he does things like post...
An Honest Facebook Political Argument  When did I become the bait taker? =(
Favorite type for romantic partners is ENTJ. ENFP, INTJ and ESTJ are also good. I have a particular soft spot for ENFP guys, though they're probably the odd ones out in this list.   The test gave...'"


5229: Change is good! :D
Hello there  Bachelor's in Interior Design here.  But I tried one year of Biotechnologies
http://i.imgur.com/prWt01C.jpg  I need a burger in my life right now
I bought stuff. I bought a super smooth black case for my phone and it is so thin that you don't even notice it but it's still sturdy. And i bought a thingy that you stick to the back of the phone...
I know this is addressed to infjs but i have to say that i totally agree and relate to this. I plan in advance so that i'll be free from thoughts when i'm there. I don't want to go crazy for one hour...
I imagine being in a bubble that isolates me from the outside world, mostly the sounds. Just having my personal space, inaccessible by other people, somewhere where i don't get approached and i can...
You might try to check 6 and 8 enneagrams and see if you relate more to one than the other.
I wonder what taking this test says about the people who chose to take the test.  705354
I would say that I see an animal, see that they are strong and then just start thinking about how strong and all kinds of practical things connected to that. Like how much of their strength they use...
My thoughts derail a lot too, but they're still quite...concrete? I don't like thinking and imagining for no reason. What I mean is I don't think about the possibility of the Tour Eiffel made of...
In my case FOMO is balanced by introversion so, every time, i ask myself if something is worth my energy. Usually the presence of people is a con to me, being offered or pressured into doing...
I do have Ni being ISFP ;)
I have never suffered from depression. I don't even think i'm generally sad or in a bad mood.
My pig's body was facing left (so i could show that cute twirly tail! - Also i'm a lefty?) But the face was totally facing front (so i could show the snout and its happy face).  The past is behind...
I stole this from the INFJ section. It's a test to evaluate which values/qualities are more important to you.  Values Test   I found it cool.  This is my result:
I'm gonna steal this test :P
Honestly i think that your functions are still developing so maybe that's why is more difficult to pin-point them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S11vGwFfq0c
I'm fundamentally happy with my life. It doesn't mean that everything is perfect (I'd like to be in another county, not so far away from bf, I'd like to not have this headache on a sunday morning,...
Yes i tend to brood on stuff that made me angry and frustrated mostly. Usually linked with really emotional situations. But i always try to avoid conflicts and i have problems asserting myself so...
I daydream a lot. But i have to say that it's mostly about future things that will happen (or i wish to happen). It's more about future things than past things anyway so e.g. instead or reliving when...
This reminds me of one of those socionics ESI descriptions i don't relate to
Better now that i have been conceded a greeting :P
These are, btw, two of the most typical traits of Fi dom :P
Sometimes
Imo it suggest high Fe so maybe an Fe dom? I'd like to hear more opinions though.   this made me think about an extrovert. Maybe and enfp or esfp.   This makes me think Fe, which would go against...
Welcome! Regardless of its scientific validity i think this stuff is useful so maybe you can give it a try ;)
So i guess i don't get any greeting? How rood :(
Hello and welcome!! :)
Welcome back!!
Hej! Och välkommen! Ha roligt här ;)
This makes me think about infp. Specifically Ne + inf. Te.    inf.Te again. Plus Fi = having hard times with speeches with having also a hard time asserting over people and 'charm' them.   ...
I totally agree with Falling Foxes and i'd add: try to live your life for yourself. You're bored? Do something that makes you happy and excited, regardless of your bf. Make yourself happy. Don't wait...
This is interesting. I'm not really good at typing but i asked myself why Si-Fe or Se-Fi (introverted vs extroverted) and not considering Fi-Se which in my opinion would make a bit more sense vs...
That's the thing. What if you get a super extroverted energized bully child? I think parenting a quiet, nice, respectful kid is doable but you can't really choose your child's personality (partly...
I saw a video yesterday about toddlers...it was also a quite funny video but...just watching it made me feel so overwhelmed. Idk if maybe it's an introverts thing? I wonder about extroverts...
Would you still be there to raise one if it 'accidentally' (lol) happened?
Guess what, I'm a 749 isfp. *secret unicorn high fives*
Don't you ever think about the potential you have? What i mean is: given that you have the power of creating life, wouldn't it be like not taking advantage of that power? Not questioning your...
Hey so...do you want children? Do you not want children? Why? What are your thoughts on maternity/paternity? And what's your relationship with kids in general? Has your opinion on the matter changed...
I agree with some people here. Approach her with a neutral topic but showing your interest. Something that may bring her to talk to you again if she at least is ok with you. Like, she got a good...
Maybe she liked you but not in that way? So now she thinks that you were friend of her just cause you liked her in that way and she thinks you can't go back to be normal friends like she thought you...
So you had an affair with someone and you 'planned' that she was gonna stay with you the whole september but hen she stopped communicating with you...  I mean, it seems she's just not that much...
How is it going here? Any stable couples yet? Or are you still just virtually shipping and re-shipping people? (There's hope for the real deal, i swear) I just really really want to see some of you...
How is it called when you're longing for a place you've never been to? This is not the case but it made me think about that. Wanting to be somewhere else and kinda stuck where you are (hopefully...
I prefer to check time on digital. Numbers right there right now. Immediate information. I prefer to wear and have as decoration analog watches/clocks since they're more aesthetically pleasing. So it...
So many 794 :D
696921
Tell us more about it
Last day of work before holidays! Two weeks of stuff to do and nothing to do with my favourite person await me ^^ So excited! :sun-smiley:"


5295: 'I think you're tone and all those things you insinuate about me are very condescending and really don't make much sense. Are you trying to make yourself feel superior by trying to make other people...
Omroberts, thank you!
Right... Now, this all seems like not that big a deal. However, at 12 years old, it was a big deal to me. I've obviously been through a lot 'worse' shit since. I share this experience because it has...
Dear ISFJ's, I thought it was time for a 'deep' question:   What was the most significant event in your life? What did it mean to you, and what effect did it have on you and your life?  Mine:...
Hello ISTJ's, I thought it was time for a 'deep' question:   What was the most significant event in your life? What did it mean to you, and what effect did it have on you and your life?  Mine:...
Hello ENTP's, I thought it was time for a 'deep' question:   What was the most significant event in your life? What did it mean to you, and what effect did it have on you and your life?  Mine:...
Hello ENTJ's, I am curious to know what your answer would be to this question:  What was the most significant event in your life? What did it mean to you, and what effect did it have on you and...
Hello INTP's, I am curious to know your answer to this question:   What was the most significant event in your life? What did it mean to you, and what effect did it have on you and your life? ...
Hello INTJ's, I wanted to ask you guys a 'deep' question:   What was the most significant event in your life? What did it mean to you, and what effect did it have on you and your life?  Mine:...
Hello fellow ISFP's! I've been away for a while, and I thought it was time for a 'deep' question:   What was the most significant event in your life? What did it mean to you, and what effect did it...
Hello ISTP's, I thought it was time for a 'deep' question:   What was the most significant event in your life? What did it mean to you, and what effect did it have on you and your life?  Mine:...
Dear ENFJ's, in between searching for my ideal ENFJ woman (I love ENFJ women!) I thought it was time for a 'deep' question:   What was the most significant event in your life? What did it mean to...
Hello ENFP's, I thought it was time for a 'deep' question:   What was the most significant event in your life? What did it mean to you, and what effect did it have on you and your life?  Mine:...
Hello Dear INFJ's, I thought it was time for a 'deep' question:   What was the most significant event in your life? What did it mean to you, and what effect did it have on you and your life? ...
My thread is brought back from the dead, how cool!  I believe sports is really important for ISFP's. I do some form of exercise every other day, whether it's going to the gym, playing paintball,...
amatsuki : Hey I'm glad you look at it this way. I am all about challenging our limitations and our fears, I really want the best for you and anyone. Because I have envied those people myself, and...
I'm not that childish, honestly.  But you have an aversion to sex?! Ouch... Your missing some of the best things in life! I don't know what you've learned about sex, what experiences you've have...
Hey man, I have a great, great site that is incredibly useful for learning math, from beginner level to very complicated things and everything in between. It is practical, easy and even fun, even for...
I think that the equation Fi = ideals is simply not true.   Fi is about beliefs and judgments from personal feeling. Ideals fall under Fi, but resentments, hateful feelings, resentments and...
It is quite late for me but still wanted to write you this. I still hope you'll find this useful in some way  =====================================================  You are very focused on what...
I assume you mean strong negative emotions, because I kind of love the strong positive ones  Healthy ways:  -listen to music / jam on my guitar for a couple of hours -write it all down on paper...
this is quite normal you know... you just described my own current problems for the most part.
Here is some good advice by an INFP that I took to heart a long time ago   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxCaOzmV0LE
*****   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9B9mCadqERE&feature=relmfu
Hey my INFP friends, check out this video, made by someone who I believe is an INFP. I relate to it a lot as ISFP, and I'm sure many of you guys will relate to it as well!  ...
IThinkTooMuch : I think you forgot mentioning that you love common sense :)
wow, this way of thinking is very different, I never knew some people operate like this socially.  I do know of an INTP who is actually very good socially, and he teaches others how to become a...
Yeah I love crazy people!   I also had this thought: I believe that as INFJ's, rarest type, you are... how do you say that... scarce in a sense because there obviously aren't nearly as many INFJ's...
Here is an (I believe) INFJ woman Byron Katie, she's helped me a lot in my life. I feel I need and want to share this because I'm sure many other people would find value in her work. I think if I...
I've kept a diary for 3 years now.
Favorite topic to talk about = myself ;)  In talking with ENFP's (I know quite a few, also my own father) I have noticed that they very rarely ask anything about other people's lives! Most of the...
ESTP I've known all my life, grew up with.   what's he like?  He is charismatic... charms his way through life. He's incredibly good with people. He is virtually always relaxed.  He loves to go...
I've done my own research on Introverted Feeling, as I believe it is very important for me to understand my primary function well.  What you like is good--for you, not necessarily good for others....
How I feel about INFJ's? Well, although I haven't typed someone around me as INFJ yet, I've watched many youtube videos made by INFJ's and read on your part of the forum. Your type intrigues me the...
You know you are an ISFP when you have these Ideals in your heart at how you want things to be. Then, whenever you look around at your life you see the stark reality of how far your life is from...
What are your favorite emotions?   See if you can answer this question: What has to happen in order for you to feel that emotion?  If you really want to go for it: What emotions do you most hate...
My favorite emotion: Love, and Inspiration
Life, oh life  Growing up all alone  Parents don't seem to bother  Been feeling like I am raising myself Used to hope for their praising and love, now I don't bother  Got thrown headfirst in...
Ah! Ambiphrenia, I have found the answer to that question for myself last year and it has helped me a lot, about what causes depression.  Do you really want to know it? I hope you say 'yes', and...
I would say, often he may feel disturbed or uneasy, because he could be pondering his life and his values if you will. It often has nothing to do with you, keep that in mind. ISFPs aren't necessarily...
Congrats!   I like your profile picture XD fits in great with your post
yeah, especially if you have much more valuable contributions to make than to create a child (which of course also is a valuable contribution hopefully)
wow that is a powerful piece! Deep... also it isn't just about you, it's about giving and contributing to the shrubs. Which is also another expression of love, isn't it?
Yes, it is definitely a humongous accomplishment in this day and age where there aren't many truly great relationships between people.  But I guess it is more the feeling you have at the end. If...
Which one would you choose?  If you had to choose between:  1) Accomplishing EVERYTHING you wanted to accomplish in your life, but not be loved  or,  2) Be totally loved in an incredible...
Which one would you choose? If you had to choose between:  1) Accomplishing EVERYTHING you wanted to accomplish in your life, but not be loved  or,  2) Be totally loved in an incredible...
wow, how interesting. Pretty much all NT's choose the first option, most SP's answer the second, and NF's are pretty equally divided.
So do you feel that who you are is just not good enough for someone else to be in a relationship with, or fear your music won't be good enough and that it wouldn't work?   This is a video that...
Some very interesting answers you are giving. amucha, I'm curious about what you would accomplish!
I almost broke my neck trying to see your picture sideways srsly... you're pretty though!'"


5318: I was registered here a while ago and kinda faded away...  When I first stumbled upon this place is when I was learning about MBTI stuff, and yeah  I got into it for a while, and then I just sorta...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrLSgac3WmM
I'm horrible when it comes to studying and homework, especially if it's something I'm not particularly interested in.. it's too easy to be distracted... much more fun things to be doing..
Yeah.. i do this all the time too. Start a project all excited.. get bored of it and forget about it.. XD  ive found that i eventually get interested in said project again eventually after I'm away...
I'm always singing in the shower... but my thoughts... it's very random. It's whatever is on my mind at the time.
I'm a horrible leader.   I remember a few years ago I was trying to start up a video game website, I would just agree with what anyone said because I didn't want to hurt anyones feelings. that...
I don't mind giving a small amount of money to someone if they need it. They don't even have to be homeless, sometimes you can be in bad situations that put you with no money. I would hope that if I...
I know I'm gonna miss something.. but yeah. I'll try to list most of it =P  Animals Friends I can trust Music Drawing Purple Other Colors.. but I like Purple the most Relaxing Creating
You know your an ISFP when you send 3 different PM/Emails to the same person within 30 minutes without getting  a reply back. OK. I don't know for a fact that this is only ISFP's... just something...
just sitting here... bored.. waiting for myself to get sleepy so i can go to bed.
Hello and welcome, Komplex!
Sitting here... miserable and sick.
That is true =O I suppose I just need to get used to the idea of it... been wearing bland clothes for most of my life and that's just what I'm used to people seeing me in. Yeah, I need to stop caring...
I wear really bland clothes, cause that's what I used to like. but... it seems that as I'm getting more in touch with myself that I hate these bland clothes I have -.- lol  I recently ordered a...
Yeah.. im the same way XD i think and worry way too much about stuff when I should just do it.
Relaxing after a first busy week of the semester
Yeah. I'm the same way. Can only talk to people I trust. That' doesn't even include most of my family.
Visual / Spatial followed by Interpersonal... yeah.. not sure how i got interpersonal =P Just cause i can sense someone elses feelings doesn't mean im good with talking  Edit: derp... it says...
Working on a website layout.
Hmm.. great =/ lol... more junk to think about... i'd hate to make the wrong decision.. I just feel like I'm wasting my time.. but graphics design is defiantly my passion. I'm just not super good at...
I'm currently doing a graphics / web design program at college. Might quit it though.. seems like a waste of time.
listening to radiosega, posting here, and talking to friends on MSN
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQxngCm5BtU
That's actually one of the reasons I hate going to my college. Outside of the main areas.. everything is really boringly white or gray. Whenever I think about the building all I can think about is...
I'm procrastinating on going to bed.. god I'm horrible xP  Anyways, gonna force myself.  night night...
Yeah. If I'm in the mood I can get things done. Otherwise I have to force myself... it's really a drag =/
Watching the SONY CES 2011 press conference, which is constantly lagging on me.
This is pretty much a problem I've had for most of my life and I was wondering if it was an ISFP thing or not.  Like.. this would be pretty basic things like  - going to the store - going to...
I compare myself to other people all the time and always end up feeling depressed! ^_^ I really need to stop doing it but I can't help myself.
I change my wallpaper on my desktop a lot when I notice it. It's usually covered by windows so I don't notice it most of the time. If I'm just bored and staring at though and it's one I've had for...
ISFP - was bored most of the time - super shy - sometimes I didn't even understand the assignments and was too afraid to ask - depressed - not many friends - would always procrastinate on...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKCCa7TiC7A  REZ is an awesome game with awesome music
I'm not all that picky about my environment. I can function in a lot of environments just as long as they are fairly quiet. I can't concentrate in a loud area. My room is pretty bland, but I can live...
Well I think wolves look pretty cool, they also seem pretty strong.  I like cats too though, probably more then I like wolves now. I guess you could say I'm more comfortable with myself then I used...
Just got done freaking out at my keyboard. None of the keys were doing what they were supposed to do. I even reinstalled the drivers. Once I put Windows into lock mode everything went back to normal...
I'm pretty much the same way XD Whenever the internet goes down or I don't have access to it then I am usually pretty bored.
I'm defiantly a cat.  I used to think I was a wolf, then realized I hardly shared any similarities with a wolf and only thought that because I liked them =P
Just sitting here... talking to a friend on MSN and posting here.
Wow XD that's a lot of pets. Awesome. There is one pet at the house I live at.
Thanks for the awesome welcomes, everyone!    Let's see... almost every Sonic game of course =P Besides that I like Adventure, Action, Platformers, some puzzle games, and some racing games. I...
Hello everyone,  I have been lurking the Personality Cafe forums for a while now and decided that I would finally join. I stumbled upon Personality Cafe when I was searching for info on ISFP's. ...
I've been diagnosed professionally with aspergers two times now. Once when I was really young by a neurologist and just recently by a psychologist I have started seeing for depression. I scored a 32..."


5320: 'This is all  TreeBob 's realm. I merely made them, and didn't really get to decide which would be used. Nor is it really up to me whether more are added. Also, this is around what that would look...
Please cool it with the insults.
Yes I'm coming to rant in your thread. :P  Rant: Ive been trying for years to write. I love stories, and I would love to tell them. Not to mention that I can brainstorm like a boss, at least I...
Yes, admins and mods can address things like bullying or personal attacks.   Welcome to the forum rnyth. I'm sure that you will be fine here. The people are generally nice and I don't think they...
As someone who has experienced what happens here directly, and someone who knows how the system works, let me explain the facts of the matter. There are specific circumstances in which someone has an...
Michigander stop trolling.   And yes, if you are depressed you should go see a doctor if you haven't already.
Scratch this. Please just send them to me rather than TreeBob.
Want new smilies?   Guess what, it's your lucky day. Gimp is a free image editing program and is similar to photoshop for those familiar with that. Feel free to send your smilies to me or TreeBob.
The solution I used was to simply use tinyurl. If you click Storm in my sig it will take you to a youtube video.
Please try and stay on topic with the thread.
I will ask that this argument be discontinued before it escalates.
Quit it with all the personal attacks and derailing. You only get one warning.
I saw it quoted. I'm not stalking you don't worry. :P  Did I ever tell you that I used to think you were a guy when you had that username? XD  And also - :O American flag signature? Aren't you...
What do you want from me inebriato? :sad:   :tongue:
It makes no difference. I will be too wasted to tell anyways.
I will be 21 the day afterwards. Soooo yeah.
hmm you can PM but can't add friends... interesting.
Dont be silly. This site runs on Tiger Blood.  http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-YGZLF7Edc7E/TeliCrTUvtI/AAAAAAAAAKQ/pZRjchY8V-Y/s400/charlie_sheen_winning_300.jpg
Questioning staff decisions! To the gallows with you1!!1!
No one likes my posts anymore... :sad:  Is it the avatar?
The orgy is fine so long as I'm in and none of the other staff finds out. XD
We mods don't mind dislikes so long as we get our trusty hammers.
Yep, the alt ban works. You are all doomed. :P
Actually I'm pretty sure there's another way to do a ban...   You know, I've been meaning to test it out... ...
Instead of actually reading the thread. I'm going to do what a real mod does in these situations and just make you guys decide who's head gets put on the chopping block. I'm sure something in here...
Instead of actually reading the thread. I'm going to do what a real mod does in these situations and just make you guys decide who's head gets put on the chopping block. I'm sure something in here...
I leave and then come back and this is the first thing I see? wtf have you guys been doing in here??    Definitely not, the only person who's allowed and who will have sex with me is my fiance...
I think I used to feel more like this. Really I think it may be to do with finding the right social group. For me, once I started to get into skeptical activism I feel as if I am finding some people...
I've always enjoyed it.
The staff had a huge party last night. It's all too blurry to remember...  I do remember something about cows.... and maybe princesses from Nigeria?   Well anyways. :cool:
None of the staff are registered. You are all doomed.
Well too bad I only debate stuff I'm interested in and only on sides that I think are right. Therefore... nope.
I'm not sure much can really be done to help you with something like this. You can't ever really tell whether someone is lying without some sort of prior reason to think they might be lying. Someone...
There is a lot that goes into skepticism. The scientific method, open-mindedness, doubt, free thought, logic and biases, etc. I could send you some links if you want them.
It's not too big of a deal so long as its not really someone's thread with personal information. There are some threads still around from 2009, so I don't think it's too big of an issue. At least it...
Overlord Sigmund hast spoken. Request denied.   http://thesinkholelawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/denied-drafting.jpg
Probably the debate forum.
Indeed, yet the only ones ever talked about are all nonsense, such as 9/11 truth stuff. I don't recall seeing any conversations about a legit conspiracy since Ive been on this site. (and what would...
A lot of people who posit conspiracy nonsense don't tend to think it's conspiracy nonsense. Thus having a separate forum wouldn't at all help considering that the conspiracy theorists wouldn't...
affezwilling and Resta Um   I have moved the debate to a new thread:  http://personalitycafe.com/debate-forum/116422-anti-theism-against.html
Everyone thinks they are right about the things they believe in. If they didn't, then they wouldn't believe in it. The issue is that many people have to be wrong as most beliefs are mutually...
If you are going to continue to spout all this out, then I am going to have to come in here and debate you.   But seriously though, could we all stop being so condescending and stick to the topic...
Don't think we can do that.... :/ I didn't see an option for it...
Well then, while we are on the subject, who here can teach me Japanese? XD
What do I look like? A.... moderator or something? :P  Make a thread for it and I might consider sticking it.
I installed ad block as soon as youtube started their whole ad thing, so I had no idea you had put in ads. XD  Is it per click? And when do I get my monthly check. :P (I kid, I kid.)
Yes it often does. This is generally referred to as bias. Biases can lead us to interpret things falsely or even potentially correctly. The idea is to try and remain unbiased when looking at or...
Personally, I don't exactly agree with the whole all Biblical interpretations are equal argument. It's simply not true. Either your interpretation is right or it's not. I think what some people...
Also, Happy. I quite enjoy the new notification function. I don't see any problem with it being in the bottom left corner. I'd say people just need to get used to it being there, which might take.......
You know they put her in one of those death battles? XD   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7muX233Jwzk'"


5411: 'Yes, I'd say that sounds accurate.
I feel like I can keep up a facade of self-discipline and dedication but at the end of the day I wish I cared more. I am constantly going with the flow of life and things that happen.
I don't dream of make-believe things like an INFP probably would, I like to think of practical possibilities and things tied heavily to reality. I'm absent minded and get lost in thought all the...
I like to smoke (sativa) - heightens all my senses and I can explore the ethereal depths of my mind, if you will.  PS: If you ever even speculate yourself having an addiction problem please seek...
Honestly this sounds like your average fuck boy. I think it's a combination of Fi and Se if anything, Fi being selfish and Se taking advantage of opportunities to self indulge. I would go as far as...
Yes, cigarettes and weed.
Given enough time, of course.
100% me as well.
If I don't see a person as being valuable to me in my future, yes, I will shut them out.
https://m.popkey.co/5bf7c4/DY57m.gif
I got ROI-M, The Artist.  669794
Sick burn bruv
ISFP 7w8  wooooo
ESFP mom, ESTJ dad.
Why is the title R1?   When I walk my dog I might go to the park. I guess if the park is nice (like the one I lived next to downtown) I'll go often.
I mean... sure. It isn't hard for me personally but looking at this from a broader perspective I can see how it could be difficult for us.
ISFP but Jesse Pinkman, for sure.
How did a conversation about ISFP weirdness turn into a Hitler appreciation thread?
Ayy.   I'm commonly known as Nine on PerC and the Discord servers some members on here are part of. I was told to come here for inquiries re: changing my username.  The current Nine (NiNe) has...
Lmao
Uhhh no. I also see right through people when they do this.
I agree with this; also, feelings are usually a bit overwhelming for those who are not used to going about their day being wary of them, analyzing them, making decisions based on them, etc. For...
Echoing the answer here a bit but 4, 2, 6 and 9 are the most common enneagram types for the ISFP I believe.  I'm a 9w1. :)
I'm more into arts if I had to compare, but yeah, I read shit on Wikipedia all the time and I'm subscribed to science newsletters... but I think that's kind of common?
I mean, I like crazy ideas as much as the next person but they're meaningless without some practical thinking.
Yup, I would say I relate to all of it.
http://www.relatably.com/m/img/memes-crying-face/Happy-Crying-Face-Meme-01.png  You are my people. Bring it in, group hug everyone.
Sometime ago I was told I would be a lot like her if I was consistently moodier. I haven't watched Arrow but I'm curious about her character.  Oh yeah, I think Luke Skywalker is an INFP but Rey is...
*pulls up a chair, a blanket, a cup of coffee and laptop* ahhh. Don't mind me. Just here for the vibes.
I'm kind of like @Dora, I feel that my Te is switched on for a while but I, too, eventually get tired. Right now at work, for example, I feel like I'm outshining my co-workers in the organization...
Is this weird... I'm not really capable of doing the former? I'm a white European woman with a roof over my head, I feel like I don't have much really getting me down.  Oh, but I am a college drop...
It isn't :kitteh:
I fit my entire hand in a Pringles can and got the very last pringle out. Eat your heart out, Bo Burnham.
This phrase isn't really applicable when the word of the messenger isn't void of falsity.
According to this reasoning all hard-to-read ENTPs should have a higher IQ and be easier to read. You would perhaps make a better case for yourself talking about the functions of an ENTP to explain...
No problem!   She was most likely just depressed. Dumping you probably gave her a newly found sense of freedom and excitement because you two were together for such a long time (this is the case...
ISFP, 3 tabs open. I don't have any more than 6 usually.
This sounds a lot like me after I've gone through break ups. When someone dumps me, or if I leave them, I leave the entire relationship where it is. I don't touch it, I try not to think about it, and...
I didn't realize it was you. Keep it in your pants, Jay.   :dry: :laughing:
Me too thanks
Just wondering, how do you two get along? My younger sister is a textbook example ESTJ as well. She's living under the same roof as me for the time being and wow, I already feel bad for the kids she...
ISFP, my clothing is strictly grayscale. I don't like wearing colors. Black is my favorite (sorry Anna Wintour).   I've always thought my weird personality makes up for my minimalist wardrobe. I...
My ENTP works as a sales guy (not a career, just a job for the here and now). He says he often feels removed from his true self at work, so he decided to take the MBTI test under stress. He scored...
Funny you even mention this because I thought about this a few days ago.  I think as I get older I just lose coordination. I'm 24 so I'm in that weird phase where I can relate to the way kids think...
THIS IS A THING?? I HAVE IT TOO! I've been made fun of for it my whole life! I'm reading the Wikipedia page. The sneezes generally occur in bursts of 1 to 10 sneezes, followed by a refractory period...
I'm 100% Finnish but I'm mistaken for an American all the time because I have no accent  I love animals and studied animal medicine for a while but I felt the practice wasn't mentally stimulating...
https://quickdraw.withgoogle.com/  Please do the above and submit final drawings. I want to see everyone's masterpieces.
...  maybe.   http://i.imgur.com/FIumIdu.gif
Don't tell me what I'm not.
That's what I used to think, but a lot of the NT's I know don't like them.'"


5418: I'm studying Computer Engineering. I want to work in simulation, replicating reality for things like educational purposes (seeing a human cell up close in 3D).
I'd like to first look at the difference between the man-made concept of evil, and the natural instinct that pushes everyone to become powerful.  For instance, do you consider a grasshopper evil...
I'd like to die by BASE jumping. The adrenaline rush before you hit the ground must be amazing.
Yes.  Due to being allergic to milk and getting breakouts from sugar, I was already distanced from junk food, milk and cheese. Then I started getting more interested in living healthily, but the...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SE-o4I1Dxgs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PX3CeLtTRm0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWDm1BK7Fgo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRECGP0LiDg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTA0DSfrGZ0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZstsPUKT5CI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqWcpEZ3GY0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPBXZlG0jTw
Absolutely. One of my favourites. Not above the likes of Clannad and Bokurano, but still very good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tb0CwlQW0M
Chaotic Neutral Human Monk/Wizard (1st/1st Level)   Ability Scores: Strength- 14 Dexterity- 14 Constitution- 13 Intelligence- 10 Wisdom- 17 Charisma- 9
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ei2izPLpHc
I'm rather familiar with C++ and Unity's version of C#, so I may be able to help.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBuwC4VJi50
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAtGOESO7W8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4guKyppFbSU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgSn0SbQJQI
Did you bite back to show dominance?
Longing for the future, never enjoying the present. Desiring something and once obtained, looking further ahead once more. Frustration when the obtaining takes long, but immediately losing interest...
3/10  She has good vocals, but the song has no 'oompf' whatsoever. It has that same beat all the way through.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T48DgFlDy3s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJ7E40Ec5ec
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQPNredrDO0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4ns4sjzGPQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgIx5Dc4oys
The thing is, you don't go to school to learn drawing. You go to school to get a skill that will land you a job. So for instance, the biomedical field is growing pretty fast right now (Biomedical...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQPNredrDO0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNSq1qf5ZFk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7GKblttlMY
These guys are ridiculously good.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xAG5kl9fzY
There is absolutely no value in superficiality. Acting interested when you are not is extremely tiresome. There is nothing better than finding a group of people that share your viewpoints and...
That does sound appealing. Once I'm done with my education, I'm planning on visiting every country, to get a feel for where I'd like to live.  I just have to witness stuff like this with my own...
I like the beautiful vistas, but not the travelling. The sensation of going fast is appealing, but also highly dangerous in most cases (Especially in countries like mine that don't have large open...
I can't help but feel that the internet takes a lot of magic out of it.  Like how I really wanted to go to Mexico to visit the Mayan ruins. But with the internet I can see exactly what it looks...
Pitzer College looks pretty cool (I'm always drawn to modern/neo-futuristic styles). A pretty useless curriculum though; Social sciences, Behavioural sciences and Media. None of those has any real...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6DmHGYy_xk xD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28vy3n9NfSA
6/10. I'm not a big fan of the vocals, but that guitar play is pretty sweet (especially after 4:30 and after 5:27).   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-98tFjur9b0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3WmLcCokZU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHiVJRgMRHw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVXy1OhaERY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Cd9t5u504Q
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6FBfAQ-NDE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piblkDVOsv8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omA8A7MELHA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpgTC9MDx1o
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ayPgEe5u44"


5473: 'when people look at you and automatically judge that you smoke pot
hahaha
How're my favourite people doing :D
People do know I'm there, but generally not in the convo. :P
it's just a mood swing mate. You'll get back the feels soon enough. :D
nailed it man. xD
Angelo music as promised heh :p    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EygqL--RW4     -Bruce lee remix   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTP2RUD_cL0    - money for nothing (dire straits)
is it just me or being in love is both easy and confusing for all isfps??
calvin: mom, am I gifted child?? Mom: I certainly wouldn't have paid for you
wow! weeks?? that must be so wierd to experience man!
Wooo nice watch man :o  I keep time looking at the sun. it's not perfect but close enough. if you need precise time, hey i got a cell phone too xD
procrastination heh. :p But I will eventually :D
cheers Dora. :)
i menat it like experience the experience and then fly away once its experienced.
I think it's more on the lines of, we have a good sense of art. Like we know which colour goes better with which in general or which note sounds good in a piece. I think that's what they mean by...
Dora Closure is a bitch isn't it? it's like the end of the movie inception... was all that just a dream? The last statement is pretty close to what I feel when there is no closure. heh.  but you...
my kinda a person ^  :D Yay!  let's partayyy!
then you agree that the old testament was insufficient?
doesn't the bible say an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth? or is it the old testament? whatever either points to the same. also God sends a plague on the Pharaoh and his household because...
Don't mean to intrude... but yeah religion is creepy as shiz.  Well, let's make one thing clear. I am an atheist. so I do not have a belief system. if I see it, if I can verify it. I believe it. If...
Just visited the enfp forum. They talk deep. Oml. deeper than the empire state building
Heyy rainbow poopers are us ISFPs. we just do it in private though.
any type?? yay!  Well, I'm gonna talk about unicorns. We all are unicorns. just tape a carrot on your forehead. heh xD Nah man, wow, this thread is so full of serious things. Beyond me xD
I want somee
hmmmmm
amen ;)
I don't mac a lot. too costly :E. I won't use that level of quality so why use it? Also Mac is incompatible with a lot of things and I don't like Apple when they starting pooping phones every 10...
train simulator anyone? yeah, I like that game
You know you are an ISFP when someone is telling you something very philosophical, and you honestly don't give a flying fuck. But acknowledge anyways.
Dannng xD
Nice music The red spirit  nice music Angelo. Uggh now I feel obliged to post links too. :E I will in an hour or two.
Hey Just curious. What songs are you guys into? Bob Dylan, Joni Mitchel, Zeppelin, Doors, Rainbow, Status Quo for me :D  What songs for you? On a good day? a bad day and regular day?
The red spirit what a tough read heh. xD But yeah. It sounds a lot like welsh or Armenian... yeah. it sounds close to what the Armenians say :o
:o
I'm not russian. :p or luthian hah!
Umm hi,  I don't where to go, so here About an year ago this date 07Dec2015.... I met a lady, called Mackenzie. We dated... did umm things together... for the first time, for both of us.  It...
What red said^
I'm gonna get myself to do this lolll. I'll post one soon enough :E
I find the constant nagging of INTPs extremely irritating. I'm like I didn't ask for your opinion mate. So please shut the fudge up. They take it as their duty to cure the world. Man the world...
what about pooh bear? :E. Pooh's awesome.
When you hate arguments so much that you shut up and listen when one starts. But still do whatever you were gonna do anyways. :D
Why thank you!
Dude I don't want to be the last poster in this page man. It feels awkward :E
Yay! Well I just want my cake :D and a bit 'o whiskey if it can be arranged  xD
lack of faith xD in ourselves and others. :E
Sounds rad.
Logic? bahh better just go with the flow you know? Maybe I won't be successful as my INTP dad says but whatever man. I've done what felt right at that time and it's going well so far.  Is it just...
Haaah! good one xD
Haaah! too right mate xD. procrastination and random priorities that's a lot like me. cheers!
hey umm what's this 'event reminders button' on my profile? Are there events arranged here? how do we access them?'"


5497: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfTDdqhMocU  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HL548cHH3OY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jZYLrelNrM&index=2&list=PLffBEvJld6PK1RMjLd1PWzRmVoKPUp5o4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvUy2SWr8c0  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isETL6R7x2w
ESFP  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7j_WV77prfc
I dreamed a lot of weird stuff but generally my dream always sent me back to school for some reason to meet someone I haven't met in a long while. Previously I dreamed of flying in a machine...
Maybe some headless dolls?
People like thank yous as much as the thumbs up icon so keep sending them.
Possible
Try this.  717794
No more spam? Nuuuuuuuuuu
For some people, life is a buffet. For others, their world is a set meal.   LOL.
I currently desire pancakes.
Fi dom signature.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3Mjl5YjXHU&list=PLjqJemC4dF7wavJi8BZsFYw8RpXo4fp-u  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVBEZCrZbPk
Neither heartlessness and indecision for not following your guts will get you anywhere.
Hahahahahaha!!!
What makes you so certain that only INFPs and not ISFPs can be writers? Both are good with written words. Just a genuine question. :happy:
Infp
Infp
Seems likely.
ISFP   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBGaO89cBMI
- If running the treadmill is not for you, you could either try the rowing machine or if there is a public pool available, try swimming. They are relatively low-impact exercises but would still give...
I was so sad I went for a long walk all the way to the gym. Good thing though I didn't have to sign up for membership or anything. It was my first time there. I was surrounded by old dude and...
Being an artist is not just about expressing yourself. It's about trying to understand and connecting life in the way that would make you learn more about yourself. Before one is an artist, one is a...
I only think of them as sentimental. Not really conventional.
I'm hungry just looking at them..
You are a definite NF. Other than that, I May need to get to know you a little more..
It's almost 3 a.m. here and I've read it as NT's domino club.
Most of my clothes function in such a way that at any moment, I can go for a jog, jump into a swimming pool and then proceed to bunjee jump off the building. The fabric has to be stretchy and...
Your logic will be disabled soon.. :laughing:
:laughing: Yes.
Why do we need values?Why do we value one thing but not the other? Why is that person from the other post does not like it whereas you like?
Unless they are just wearing skimpy nun costumes for halloween..
It takes more guts to be empathetic when you see people that annoys you everyday. Being heartless is so easy. It's very easy to not care.
ESFP  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvbZmD53fpw
Because .. Fanvids   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Txf3qiXPCv8  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qfqtvhfJs4  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBd3XEHPbE8 ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCl8lK-0dyQ  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiBjOc1gpdY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ziop9K5qaYU  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3M_Gg1xAHE4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJTjb6vSzxM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1etVS0i3LgE  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoLJJRIWCLU  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hobkFHJTut4  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJzjAXz6VNA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bneqHte4jb8  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxKnO9GzgQM  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjPTQLgGpq8&t=2696s  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcOiJnWniWg
May not be Eurobeats but here's to driving a car on an empty freeway with the dashboard glowing like the future.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLPfLw2XALAufeff ...
Istp
My avatar is gone.   Edit:Whohoo! It's back!
I feel you, mate. Concentration is something I'm struggling with either.
Sometimes when it becomes work,it would lost its' enjoyment especially when faced with an employer who is keen on perfection.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLPfLw2XALA  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2wtUsyi0Q4  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWnX41TBFF4
If it wasn't for the money, I'd quit my job and spiral myself to my own preferable death, which is dying in my sleep. I don't think I have ever wished to live this far in life. Right now I'm stressed...
Despite the changes, I've realized there are two things that are constant with your choice : Ni and Se
After years of not being respected for anything; let alone being an excellent student, I was given a pin of Generosity. It was the sort of award schools would give for best behaviour or something....'"


5499: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTG7UsGhtLg
enfp
Just called it SF when I lived there
What drives you in life? What do you look for? What do you hope to accomplish in your life?  I would like to get to the point where Ix92m comfortable and happy being myself. Being or acting callous...
I'm bumping this because I would like some more opinions. Thank you :)
It's fine to an extent, but I don't want it all day every day.
intp
No. Avatar doesn't match mbti type.
No. Probably istj
infj
It's all perception
No because it's just a glorified free online test, but with a fee. you're better off researching the 8 cognitive functions and putting it together from there. There's plenty of sites that have all...
I don't think Jesus would allow that
I refuse to be ESFP
Basically, interesting theory, but no. Possibly they associate those meanings on a subconscious level, without self-realization. I think it's more that the anonymous online community such as this has...
Just a vibe haha
Because it's easy to pick at. So many people on here, including myself, are unsure of their type.
Absolutely not. Probably an ISFJ
Stretching your ears only creates more orifices for the devil to to sodomize.
I have no idea if they're INTJ, but i'll ride them to find out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdySinddDHw&list=RDqdySinddDHw
Intp
I was gifted a kindle and so far it's been great. the battery has been dead for like 4 months :)
Call Center. One day i just went out for lunch and never returned. No regrets.
elachi in biryani.
Gender: male Age: -5 -5 Intelligence: average Openness: conservative MBTI personality profile: INTJ  uhhh no. I'm not INTJ. I refuse to be an NJ
What type would you say has the easiest time reinventing themselves and starting over, no matter what? Including leaving those connected to their past self in wind?
The quiet one with intense resting bitch face. Like, if people would just speak to me, i'd be more than happy to talk....just my face cockblocks my social life.
Oh I thought you were ESTP, ESFP. Just stop doing so many drugs and learn self-discipline. Brokenness isn't sexy.
ESTP, it was a bike lock....how was i supposed to know it wouldn't stimulate my prostate? You ESTPs are so quick to jump to conclusions....like they say 'curiosity killed that cat' and it will kill...
INFJ, you say the sweetest things. My Fe is somewhat developed actually. How is your moral superiority complex?
INFJ, don't you have some soul searching bs to do? How's that Fe? I bet watching the news cripples you guys beyond repair.
ESFP <---This doesn't even work well in gay porn, never mind the work place.
INFJ,   http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/8d/8d6dc98cb7b195dd303bc8f2c70c7f05003dfe27930a483a1fc09c0e38edf209.jpg
ESFP: https://scontent-lax3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t34.0-12/14469286_306328699735396_152142832_n.gif?oh=005fa5b3065c9fd021536037d6eecaf1&oe=57ECF427
bump
It's difficult to answer this thread. Our dominant function is so innate and borderline subconscious that analyzing our Ti process proves challenging. Since it's our dom function it's basically...
I'm not intimidating i'm just aggressively contemplating/observing.
Welcome <3 https://66.media.tumblr.com/6ff281e32d0dcf4986632571f56b7322/tumblr_n28mx84EkE1tsn9yjo5_500.gif
group hug or orgy?
I'm allergic to those. Proceed with caution as my reaction may be erratic.
*plants plastique explosives underneath INFJ's bed*   https://media.tenor.co/images/5107c11385779de68ce3442ee6ebad15/raw
INFJ: stop pouting and moping and go to sleep
Are you hitting on PumpkinSpice?  http://az616578.vo.msecnd.net/files/2016/05/01/635976681380801694-1550135366_law-and-order-svu-cast.jpg
https://66.media.tumblr.com/7eb806a2534d7c35d962d085fdbf8c6a/tumblr_nh8s3d6Atz1tvav1do1_r1_400.gif
mademoiselle? Je ne suis pas une femme. :D But yes, you win some and you lose some. Lately I've been quite rusty with understanding my audience cause i've been socially isolated for a few months now...
I always strive to be funny
me leaving this thread:  https://66.media.tumblr.com/6825354cc16719cc306586b492a6a139/tumblr_n0es18wQeS1qlzuomo1_400.gif
Scoobyscoob I found a gif of your erratic driving   https://media.giphy.com/media/3o6ZtnjmUgRzRMraJG/giphy.gif
November...PumpkinSpice...I see a theme..."


5500: 'Actually yes, I can relate to this very much!(ISFP Enneagram type 6w7)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rp_4KmqNVMk
Hey fellow ISFPs!  So I've been thinking about making a playlist of songs that are perfect for ISFPs! So what songs would you suggest? I    I guess I should add that I don't go for sexually...
PhlegmaticSanguine :perc2:
I hope it's years before you face it. Thank you for your kind words.
Hello PerC!    Sorry I haven't been around much but something sad happened. My dad passed away unexpectedly on July.  He had lost his wife to cancer in the spring and it's my belief that it was too...
Students suspended after water snake wigglies mistaken for sex toys, parents say | NBC4i.com
For me it's easy to say. My heart will go on. :sick:
Actually, dear everyone in the UK. Just wanted to express my deepest sympathy to you for the horrific attack today.  I just wanted to say that thoughts and prayers are with you, no matter what our...
I can be like that, most of the time. But if you step on one of my values, I can get a bit harsh. :)
I love kids, and I'm pretty good with them. I like how real they are.
If you loved The Golden Girls, you'll love this.....:laughing: 652274
I'm so ashamed!!!  652266
.Laughs. a lot. . When she's done, she's DONE!
ISFP Trump...lol 651818
So on this ISFP page I belong to on Facebook, someone mentioned that many people have typed President Trump as an ISFP. I strongly disagree with that! I think he's an ESTP. What do you think of him...
1: What do you do for fun? how's your sense of humor? For fun I enjoy hanging out with close friends, watching old sitcoms, and photography. My sense of humor is downright goofy.I love slapstick...
You scored 49.123 out of 100 masculine points, 89.167 out of 100 feminine points, and 63.333 out of 100 androgynous (neutra ISFP Female
21 Undeniable Signs That Youâx80x99re an INFJ Personality Type
Hey, welcome to the party! :crazy:
What are these goals of which you speak???  Lol, just kidding! Sort of.  I mostly just set work goals, and take it a day at a time. Beyond that??? Well, happiness. Not just mine, other people's. I...
ISFP IRL, online, I am a bit more pushy and outspoken...maybe my Fi comes out even more. I think sometimes I may appear to be an ESFP. :cool:
I mean like 100-118 means average IQ or something like that.
I've seen different opinions on what  the IQ scale is. What is the official scale? (Is there an official scale?)
Bright Flashes
We had a similar situation at my job, which also employs people with disabilities of all kinds. HR addressed it at an all staff meeting. They talked about people not getting to eat because someone in...
It does, thank you! :)
Cool thread!    Wow, so many things make me happy! Let's see, my family and friends, dogs, sunshine, my church, my job, sitcoms, laughing, and making people laugh, chocolate, flowers, being out in...
My friend Cassie has had a really rough life for the past several years. Her Mom (who was one of my best friends) passed away unexpectedly at age 44, leaving behind Cassie and her two brothers....
She's ESFJ. :happy:
@Zinerva  That was fantastic! (and more organized then my rambling thoughts!) Thanks for responding! :sun-smiley:
...or how I experience life as an ISFP.   Not sure anyone will jump on this or not, but I got the idea from someone questioning what it's like to be ISFP. They didn't like the profile of ISFPs. That...
Hello, and welcome!   I seem to get along best with SJ types. :happy:
Well, first of all, there's a difference between being childish and being childlike. I'm not childish, but I do have a child like excitement about life I enjoy the simple things of life, but I am...
When an ESTJ is upset, to they want to be comforted, left alone, or to just vent? (Or something else?)
Oh my...come on strongly too soon, and we run for the hills! In the beginning, nice and easy does it. We don't like feeling overwhelmed, so start slowly. If you respect that, if you respect us, we'll...
You can't be an ISFP if you  dont need freedom and your own space.
an old one 646818   Now 646826
646778  646786  646802
Korbyn Michael Alexander Mathias Obituary | Snyder Funeral Homes  Siggy, you were so kind, again thank you. Here's the obit for sweet Korbyn.
We ISFPs are known to be people of few words. We talk the least of all sixteen types, or so they say!  For me, when I first meet people, that's very true.BUT, once I'm comfortable, I can talk your...
Family grieving after 9-year-old Marion boy dies of flu and asthma complications | WSYX
That means so much! Truly, thank you!
@Bismuth I think it was blue. :hearts:
Yup, sounds familiar! I walk around in a daze, and then, when it hits me in full, I retreat to my room and cry till I fall asleep.
Thank you. He was very loving and full of life. He'll be missed, but giving other kid's lives, he'll live on in a way.
Garden Gnome Thank you so much! They can use all the prayers they can get. I can't imagine the pain of planning your own child's funeral. :grief:As Elizabeth said, Korbyn has gained his angel's...
Thank you! I believe their memories of his loving heart will bring them comfort. I'm also glad they have their daughter. I'm sure she'll bring them comfort in these next few, difficult days and weeks...
Frasier: ENFJ      Niles: INFJ       Martin: ISTJ       Daphne:ENFP        Roz: ESTP
Thank you,  Siggy  I'm grateful for all the prayers and kind words.'"


5543: 'This is very recent, it's from my graduation dinner/party.  Me and my half-sister 42133 And  42134
What traits do you think a isfp would have as a sim in Sims 3?  I'm trying to figure out which traits to use, so I've been looking around for a thread on people's opinions on the mbtis and what sim...
I can relate :)  34014
Oh um, thankyou. I just meant I look a little bit different than I did last time I posted pictures in this thread. I recently did my eyebrows so they look a little bit different is what I mean. But,...
31081 31082 I look um... a bit different xD.
^ This :).   I wear pjs as my comfort clothes. I'm wearing them right now.  29844
When you're working and you can't listen to music you find powerful or that you love because you'll start jamming out.  Oh, and when you're going off on a tangent to do things when you're supposed...
A biscuit  and apple pie gum.
glided   I never was much of a color user when drawing. I'm using color more now though in studio art and I like it.
One of my friends likes Terraria, he says its like a cartoon minecraft.
Awe, you guys are cute :)
I'm currently playing Skyrim. Iv'e only just started playing it, but it's turning out to be quite amazing.
Kayness   Ah. The one of fizz reminds me of my aunt, but she's an ENFP.  glided  (so you can see my above post ^. I accidentally spelled your name wrong and it wouldn't let me change it.
Sure, why not :)? I may not be on all the time, but I'll get back to you when I'm on :).
(I hope you don't mind me posting in your infp thread) If there was an Isfp shirt I would wear one :)
-When taking a bath pretend a washcloth was a fish, and then later turned it into a stingray because it looked more realistic. No, but I used to bring my barbies in the tub with me, and make them...
Kayness  And I thought the guy on the hang-glider was Stephen xD. Who is the person in the purple and yellow suit?
bob_toeback I know what you mean. Games are ridiculously expensive. Iv'e been playing Babyz. It's a sim care game where you play with cartoon babyz. If you like sim games you might like it. If you...
bob_toeback  Are you wishing for any videogames for christmas :D?  Or if you don't celebrate christmas, the holiday that you do?
glided  I guess it was the enegram 2 that I recall having in common with her, because I remember having one personality aspect being similar, from looking at articles, but I couldn't remember which.
gilded Do you draw more in black and white? The style reminds me of myself because I usually didn't like to color my drawings, unless theyr'e on the computer :). Kayness I love the second one :D....
So, I recently found a folder of some of my old things and I found a very old drawing.  28444  New: (Kiwee, the clover pig, if youv'e ever played mabinogi :3)  28446    I wanted to know if...
Soma nah, I'm sure your'e awsome too, give yourself some credit :D
Is madonna an isfp :o?
Soma  That's cool :o
28391  I look kinda like a guy in this xD
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLMwoe5plDg&feature=related
bob_toeback  lmao. I remember when my dad first started playing it and he had a kid go swimming, and then he stuck the kid on a little island in the middle of the pool, and he removed the swimming...
bob_toeback  I know they did have a few crazy outfits. My favorite expansion pack was superstar. Even though there was the one obsessed fan guy who came to your house xD. I remember when I got...
bob_toeback   xD, I'm guessing you modded yours right? I didn't really start using custom content until sims 2. Then I pretty much over loaded my sims 2 with mods.  I do that less now though with...
bob_toeback do you like playing sims :3?
bob_toeback  I never played them, what are they like?
Nothing wrong with getting something out, we all need to rant sometimes.
I'm one of the few Isfp two's Iv'e seen on this forum :o
I know my cousin was intensely watching videos for it before, like the character creation. She was really excited about it before, but currently she's more excited about saint's row the third because...
I stole this from the ENFP forum :).  I would really like to talk to you, but I'm so scared and I don't know what to talk about. I think we could be great friends  I wanna be your cowgirl xD
I cringed. Poor guy.
You should :D
273392734027341  Here ya go :D. Fresh from my computer.
bob_toeback Well I can't wait to play it then =).
You are cute :D
Agreed. At times where leadership is needed, I get scared and I don't always do something about it.
bob_toeback What's different about it so far compared to morrowind and oblivion :3?
INTP :3  (The message you have entered is too short Dx)
Oh why thank you ;D  @Luftkopf You could be a music teacher :D. My one teacher who looks like you was a band teacher, until he switched to teaching English because of some departmental issues.
Yes, as an Isfp i can say I definitely do have a bossy side to me xD.  I'll occasionally correct things I see my friends do if they bother my sensibilities. At times I wish I could correct my aunt...
bob_toeback  Nope haven't tried it yet :o. Though my friend says it is awesome. Have you tried it?
You look like one of my favorite teachers :O
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPUrDTuTEKk
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/pokmon-true-story-bro.jpg'"


5629: 'Rain, I hate snow!  Blonde or brunette?
Oops, last I left this thread they were discussing if he was estp or esfp. Sorry!
On second thought, does anyone think he might be an ESTJ? I got that vibe after reading what some of his former producers and contestants had to say about him.
+30  Apples or oranges?
I think it's pretty clear you have Te. What about INTJ or ENTJ?  Here Are The Most Common Enneagram Types For Each Myers-Briggs Personality Type | Thought Catalog | Page 7
Oh, duh. :tongue: Maybe read this? Here Are The Most Common Enneagram Types For Each Myers-Briggs Personality Type | Thought Catalog | Page 5 It has a short description of a type 3 ESTJ, do you think...
This probably isn't the most analytical approach, and I haven't read the other comments, but you remind me a ton of an ISTJ friend of mine. My guess is XSTJ. Have you considered that before?
You know, I actually think she's ISFP but if you INFP's want her, I'm not opposed to it, haha just kidding. I have a lot of respect for her, but her antics are so tiring. Does anyone else have...
You still seem Fe/Ne to me, but it's becoming less clear. Have you ever taken a cognitive functions test? I like the one from celebrity types.
Aw, sorry. I'm glad you're not in danger though.
I'll skip over the ones I really don't have a clue about.  -Lana Del Rey ISFP, she's my fav. -Elvis Presley He strikes me as an XSTP? Don't really know. -Marilyn Monroe- I always thought ESFP,...
I really hope you're not, but are you in danger? :unsure: I've been afraid to sleep before though, because of repeating nightmares and because I was paranoid about people breaking into my house.
Separating what you want and what you'd give is a good idea, I think I saw a post about that a couple pages back. For me I think it's basically the same though. Only thing I'd change is adding words...
Baseball!  Diet soda or regular?
I know 3 ISFP guys and 2, maybe 3 ISFP girls, including myself. I haven't noticed any consistent differences, honestly. Maybe in theory guys would be more inclined to hide their sensitive nature, but...
Lol. Ominously, you seemed fairly confident in INFJ 6w5, except for some stereotypes. Are there other reasons you're doubting this type?
It's true! For me anyway. As for why it's exciting, I'm not sure. It's just this mix of good emotions. If it's just a small crush, the rush of something new is nice, but I'm also a hopeless romantic,...
iOS, I've never had an android.   Painting or drawing?
Thank you. :)
Chess!  Food Network or HGTV?
What? lol
Quality time and touch. :)
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush  Chocolate or fruity candies?
I don't have much to say except I think you're on the Fe-Ti axis. Have you considered ENTP?  Ok I just read the other comments, and Alphaleonis explained it really well. I think ENTP because you...
Those sound familiar but I don't know what/who they are, so I'm gonna go with smeagol because it rhymes with beagle and I like beagles.  PB&J sandwiches or meat and cheese sandwiches?
Oh, good! I needed the clarification. :tongue: I don't know, I honestly haven't liked anyone in a long time. It's kind of boring. So I wouldn't mind some new guy coming to town and suddenly being...
Well, I noticed good looking men a lot, but I wouldn't say I develop crushes easily. Lol. It's kind of like Well, he looks nice and then forgetting about it a couple moments later.   When I was...
Potatoes, carb count be damned!  TV or internet?
I feel really boring and inadequate compared to everyone else. I wish I could get it together but I'm too depressed to change.
I have no idea what ever possessed me to read every single page of this thread, but I did, and I still don't see how anyone could come to a conclusion other than SFJ. I mean, ESTP was a stretch that...
I wouldn't worry about all that too much, it's true for some people, but it's still just stereotypes. The psychic thing especially is just due to a very poor understanding of how Ni works.
Ok, hopefully there'll be someone else soon to take a look at your questionnaire. I wouldn't worry too much about relating to the profiles, just putting the cognitive functions together. However,...
Gotcha, I don't think the school thing is type related. :) By the way, I'm happy to help! So, do you feel INFJ 6w5 would be a good fit for you, or are you still not quite sure?
Notice how you automatically started to think about what the lady in the picture must be feeling? That has Fe written all over it. I also get an overall Si vibe from this, you remembered where the...
Just any form you haven't filled out yet, there should be plenty stickied at the top of this subforum. :) In terms of enneagram, I don't want to get off topic if you'd rather just focus on your MBTI,...
INFJennifer I'm aware that she said she was being somewhat bias in her original post, I still think she shows a lot of Fe. Obviously, Fi would be more likely to want to be their own person, but...
I honestly think you show a lot of Fe, so either I would narrow it down to ISFJ or INFJ. By the way, I think you being unsure of this isn't necessarily another sign you're INFP. Could just as likely...
Trudat.   Exactly! By the way, I started watching season 6 yesterday, and it pretty much confirmed ENTJ and ISTJ for Spencer and Toby, I think. Something funny I noticed, remember when we talked...
Exactly what I've noticed (Well, not the BSing part, though that's nice to know!) But it basically goes Are they funny? Are they smart? Are they lol totes so random? They must be an ENTP!   I...
Interesting you picked Ne, because I've noticed that too. I would see people type someone as some ENXP, and they would give examples why, but it just didn't feel right. I guess now I know why.   I...
I...Uh...I- I'm not used to being called right. :tongue: No but seriously, I didn't even think of any of their functions the way you just did, how the loudest function isn't necessary the dominate...
Lol! I'll see if it's on netflix. :)    Overbearing father is a pretty good way to put. Not to say I don't like his character, because I really do. I also haven't seen How to Get Away With...
Not an ENFJ, but I saw this and had to say that it blows my mind that anyone would think cheating would be ok. However, a lot of more impressionable NT's say things like that. It might explain some...
Oh, I see, I've never heard of that show before, lol. Also thanks for calling me Emma Swan :laughing:  Here's the main difference I see, while Hanna may be serious when she gets pushy, she doesn't...
I know one ENTP in real life, one minute he's charming and sociable, the next minute he's screwing you over while still being charming and sociable.
I honestly find Hanna and Toby pushy in such different ways though. He also didn't really dive head-first into the A thing, he did that after a very long time of seeing Spencer and the others being...
Even though I still stand by INFJ for him, I agree he's underdeveloped. Aria is too, which is probably why it was so hard to type her for so long. (I definitely think ESFJ now.) It seems like the...
Oh, of course anyone can believe (or not believe) in gender roles, it just seems Si might be more correlated with it, was all I was saying. And Te would probably be more likely to enforce it. I...
Meh, I'm just not convinced Toby's an ISFP. He goes his own way sometimes, but a lot of Te people do. He's very concerned with protecting Spencer, he actually seems pretty serious about some...
ISFP, devoted Christian. I wasn't when I was younger though, and neither was my ISFJ brother. In my experience, SP's aren't usually religious until their late teens/early twenties.'"


5644: 'It's easy to start drawing what you like. So I'm wondering what you do when you try jump out of the comfront zone or learn something new. Rituals? Self rewards or anything you do to get you in the...
This is why I do not bring my pens to the school anymore...  My friends once said Dude! This drawing is pretty cool and I replied Nope it is not a drawing just my class notes So helpfully when...
Well I do draw and digital paint and thats is pretty much it. I have been thinking to expand to piano, 3d and animation.. arf :D
I do not think the real people inspire me that much!? ;/  I usually get high inspiration from our PnP roleplaying sessions. Somethings happen in there and I pretty much imagine everything what is...
I can only say that confidence and looks are the biggest keys in my own experience.  I see my self as a naturally nice guy, proactive, protective. So and I get from girls that I'm nice and cute......
I totally agree with you, but still not that important when it comes to games and I mean mostly for Indie games. Most people just do not see the flaws what trained eyes sees.  Look up for games...
^You really not need to be master of the basics to draw symbolism well.
I'm not sure about this, but people say that I get along with animals. My friend's dog came always to sleep next to me when I was visiting. Well sounds nice all, but that dog took some space from the...
I do not know... I'm seeking for this answer  I only know what I yearn...
Yeah I relate to this you so cute and sweet... Yep haven't that got me anywhere ;D    This reminds me of something that happened couple years ago. I discovered my abandoned drawing from my...
Well for major gaming companies, but there is lot of games that use really stylized art work, for example almost every social game out there uses cute and simple art. I cant really see that you need...
Well what my friends says that, I take criticism so well that it often shadows the praise... Well criticism easier take as the truth, rather than praise.  I feel like I can take a criticism, but...
Just one.... My friends little sister, it was doomed from the beginning! Yeah it has a bad tune to it too. Breakup was easy for both of us. Nothing special involved in that. We just did not mix so...
This feels like trick question.... but yeah number 2.  To be on the top alone seems bit pointless. I would be nice to be best of the best at any artistic field, but  I try to be the best just to...
Just two! Well these are the only things that give me nightmares.. :<   1. To be left behind 2. The girl that I like..   Edit: Why the girl? She has my world at her hand, it's up to her to...
Something that goes well with late night web surfing   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhzJK9yFz5w][video=youtube;JhzJK9yFz5w]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhzJK9yFz5w[/video
I'm not a hater of religion. Modern day really do not need these concepts. But I agree with religion as a teaching, but there is also those religions that are bit touchy even as a teaching guideline...
Gee thanks... Now its even harder to try to keep it just as one animal!!!  Desert Fox: http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1327/1305290163_bd7e55ba57.jpg Those big ears *khifmf* ^^
Cat maybe...
I would like to say the Meaning of Life ;D
Haha catlike pony.... I wonder how would that workout.....
I just dont care... Life is pointless, but its also pointless to end it because it so pointless to begin with? Thought it's up to us if we believe that our lives has meaning and that's what we aim...
Well I can relate you that my mom is a impossible being, luckily in a different way. She has really bad habit to live in her own little world. So she is annoying in a goofy way, my friends seems to...
Well I'm not scaring anybody i do not have eny intimidating presence, but often I hear people explaining what happened when I was there to see it...  It's is kinda sad sometimes, but it has it's...
Yes when it's but in this way...
Yeah I love animation in any form. I actually wish to learn some animation techniques and animate some stuff by my self. I always had these visual stories that I picture when I hear some good music....
This kinda is something that I have pondered too. There is a friend who's personality type I have tried to figure out, without forcing him to do the test. I'm still new to this system, but so far I...
I cant really answer to your question, but would like know more. She sounds similar to one I know, but I'm not sure id she is ISFP.  Is she really humble with her clothing? Like pefers less...
My G-tag is Exonigiriman somebody had Onigirman in use! :/
Is it 360? In that case want to add me? Event thought I haven't played it for sometime
Cute you say. Well let's see how it is after my introduction.  I'm 23, Scored an artist as a result. Well duh right!? My enneagrams are 6w7, 4w5, 1w9. Btw new to this stuff. I have very unique...
As long she has heart in the right place? Dunno never thought about this... I think I lean forwards to good?
Almost I'm 6w7 and now I'm curious whats the difference ;D
And give me a second dollar for every time I do know what to say afterward
Will this do?  Time flows, even if you stand still.
I would buys me a Studio of some kind with with equipped for various interests also it would be my main home then I would buy my self a escape from reality hideout in middle of nowhere.  After...
Ditto. The more I try more I seem to fail xE
Well personally I do not feel like that. Maybe little when its girls profile.
Shadowman from the Princess and the Frog...
Me too. My brains keeps cycling stuff and cant turn it off.  I usually play games that needs my full attention. I do not even like League of Legends but that will do. It needs my full attention...
One day I saw city rabbit and Thought to my self what the hell those eat in the city At the meanwhile I was looking it eating some grass and dandelion... felt really smart afterwards :I
Yeah Iindigo is right on the money.
Same but less ironing :D
I think there is no clear pattern what qualities attract your typical ISFP. I think its save to say that we value innocence?  What comes to appearance its probably some specific detail..  I tend...
Well How I show my attraction?  I usually observe her and stare in her eyes, but when she notice I tend to try avoid eye contact. I do not usually trow compliments when i do not really mean them...
That was not why I asked, I was just curious if you where a minor. To my understanding being cocky of your own talents is quite normal for your age.
Damn I can really relate to that.. I have one friend that gets annoyed at me when I'm constantly comparing me to others! AND that envy does not stop there, it can get really dark there! To the point...
I strongly agree with this.  Now that I'm posting on this thread I might as well answer to the question anyway, even if its not directed to my kind. Personally I do not feel Cocky when I'm...
I agree with both above posters..  He seems to be strong willed because he can keep such a strong eye contact. He might really like your eyes?
I would like to share but she might not like that :<'"


5651: '4w5 and i'll still probably never completely understand the enneagram...
I'm a teacher so I have to learn to be in the spotlight regularly.  I think many who get into teaching enjoy being a teacher for the sake of being at the front of the class. Personally, that means...
Personally, I would say that the worst thing about MBTI as an ISFP is how difficult it is to land at a type and be sure about it. I would expect that the reason many ISFP's don't go for MBTI is for...
ISTP on and off for about 10 years. Pretty sure about ISFP now, still not completely comfortable with it though.
Reading. Video games. Very long walks. Making fire. Running/weights. Driving in my car. Finding a large empty woodland area and walking until nobody else is around - continue walking to enjoy pure...
A deep richly green forest, spanning out for endless miles without a soul in sight...or is that just rather where i'd like to be right now?
We are the clique that hates cliques, won't be part of a clique, or upon realizing we have inadvertently joined one we quickly reject all stereotypes that belong to said clique.
This is my idea of retirement.  76318  Seriously though, I think retirement is a very attractive idea. To be able to have both time and money to go and pursue all the hobbies I want to sounds...
What he said.  The beauty about this is that if you really are an ISTP, now that you understand 'how it works' (do look up the Ti Se Ni Fe functions and study them well) you will just have to...
I'm still not sure what type she is in all honesty. I've gone from thinking ENFP -> ESFP and now maybe even ISFP. Sorry I can't help you on your research.
I'm a man. I proposed. There was no squealing. True story.
Did I get stressed out at school? Yeah, sometimes I suppose. I think when I got most stressed out it was because of an awareness of my acute lack of interest in most of what was being taught....
I think that the way I talk when explaining a situation can sound rather 'intuitive', and so that can make people misrepresent me as one. I tend to jump around a lot and somewhat struggle to get to...
OFC. :laughing:  Much like our ISTP counterparts I think we can have an 'on/off' switch when it comes to personal interest in a project or person. It's either that I'm completely uninterested in...
Usually they are rather damaged individuals who start off as rather self-centred but eventually come around somewhat. Typically rather bad-ass, but with more tender hearts when you get to know them...
Nothing quite like a good ol' stereotype ey?  My understanding from the OP is that there is flirting in the relationship, mutual flirting. Every relationship I've seen has had flirting in it (it's...
I feel more comfortable as a generalist, but the reality of life has led me down the path of more of a specialist lately. I'm now a teacher.  As for the generalist ability to become a leader,...
Haha, I'm far too lazy for that. Plus, I don't think I am always really nice to others by the standards of the world. Deep down my intentions are very good, but the way I interact with others does...
After much reading, here's another confirmed ESI. :happy:  It seems that they are not so rare in this discussion anyway!   In regards to the inferior Te, I guess I just didn't think my weakest...
That sir, was one badass ostrich...
What she said...  If you know me then I'm soft-hearted, if you don't then you'll think I'm hard-hearted. Truth is I never intend to come across in such a negative way towards strangers, it's just...
Okay, so this is going to sound rather arrogant, but I think that those with Fi as a dominant function could be known for their integrity.   To me it figures that if our primary function is based...
Ni is a powerful force, with great power comes...  If you want to lead him to think that you're interested, go with that for a while. I say enjoy the fun that you can have together before rushing...
As always, these kind of conversations are difficult to have without actually meeting the guy in person. It could be either way. Have you thought to trust that amazing power of intuition you INFJ's...
I think it depends on the person. I'll try and suss a person out pretty quickly, and if they seem suspicious in their motives for getting to know me, then the wall goes waaaay up. If I get on well...
Alone time is going to make me a better person to be around when I emerge from my shell. I do enjoy alone time for my own sense of happiness, but I think it is also because I don't want to be a...
Ditto to this.  Personally I find communication with people (even those closest to me) to be quite difficult per se. If I have to describe a past event, especially one a long way back then it's...
54051  Just to mix things a up a bit...
1. When younger I often packed my bag with 'essentials' and headed for the hills. I got to the end of the road and came back. Does that count at all? Seriously though, I think escapist thoughts come...
Wow, that post was uncanny. I too am 26, and I can relate to almost everything you have written there. Which certainly surprises me! Even the XSXP thing is where I've been on a number of occasions. I...
Thanks for the post.  Now, when I read what you've written I relate heavily to the way that you live your life. I think what I'm struggling with here is differentiating between choices made by...
True enough, about the 'you are what you are'. I've tried a number of different tests, not to 'define' myself, but to just gain a better understanding of how my brain works, and how to help further...
Dear ISFPx92s,  Ix92m afraid itx92s another one of those x91am I an ISFP?x92 threads that requires your help! I took the official MBTI test about 7 years ago now and tested as an ISTP with borderline F/T...
The Kingkiller chronicles book series. Name of the wind, Wise man's fear, and the yet to be released final book.  It'd be awesome if done right, but perhaps a little difficult to adapt it for the...
I was one of those crazy people who really enjoyed running so much that I used the treadmill incessantly despite the monotony of the experience. Then I went and screwed my leg up so badly on a...
1. Don't date yet. Just really don't. It's all so much drama, and very little reward. Wait until you're 21....or....25, or just whenever you've finally matured some more. It'll all make so much more...
Ditto to this.  I do concern myself sometimes though.  The voices...the voices...
A few years ago I was with some friends on Safari in Africa. Early in the morning our guide had pointed out some leopard trails just outside our house. The girls ran in suddenly aware of the wildlife...
It's my understanding that we avoid people, and that people avoid us too...  Truth is, I actually enjoy being around people. I just get tired rather quickly from it. That, and i'm rather selective...
Twenty five, wanting to return back to eighteen again.  When I had a goatee I was told I looked well into my thirties. Now post-goatee, I'm told I just look the age that I am.
It get's me every time. The human to dog bond sure is a strong one...
Probably the same as everyone else, but just far less often, because our threshold for pain seems to be higher..  But especially. - Intense suffering of others. (I mean real suffering. Like wait...
I don't usually think that much about lyrics, it's more about the beat and sound of the song.  Daft punk - Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger (represents my ambition to master skills, and get...
All the best with the novel. I hope some of the following answers help...  1) Do homosexual ISTPs even exist? Of course, homosexuals of all types exist, but you all are so chill and don't bother...
Well, it looks like i'm the first person who feels they 'need' to have a watch on.  I wear it constantly, and get kinda obsessed with doing things according to a (my own) time schedule. But then...
Nah, I can't stand it.
32, and the 4 I got wrong I wasn't initially convinced on either.  Seems like i'm pretty good at this sorta thing.
Ditto to MXZCCT's number one.  Plus, the fear of being paralysed. If I can't use my body properly, I think i'd quickly get very depressed.
Very good site.  Many thanks!
I understand your point.  But I have seen a few people on this forum argue that ISTP doesn't actually equal ISTj. Although the descriptions seem similiar, is it really as simple as just converting...'"


5703: 'He sounds like he likes you, if you really want to know you can always ask him or make a move yourself if you're interested.
I like to think I'm an aspiring movie buff, but some of the movies I like the most are movies that I can relate to most ( (500) Days of Summer), movies that make me feel better (Back to the Future),...
A lot of people at one time is almost never good, in my opinion. But I do like people, they're interesting, frightening, and wonderful.
I think it depends on the context of the breakup as well as other factors. Me, personally, I cherish my memories with my ex but they hurt like fuck thinking about them sometimes. I prefer to cherish...
I'm insecure about myself, sometimes I'd ponder whether I was good enough for the other person or not. Probably my biggest fear though, is them not liking me as much as I may like them or vice versa....
I stay up late more often than not, usually for no real practical purpose. I'm usually on my laptop browsing the internet, it's really a terrible habit.
The best way to make new friends is to put yourself out there. School in my opinion, is the best place to meet new people. If that's not an option, being a part of an organization or picking up a...
I'm craving intimacy with someone special - or a smoothie - that'd be nice too.
I haven't made an A in math since elementary school. :| My favorite subject is history.
I like to find something to tease them about. I dunno, I don't normally try to flirt with someone it just kind of ends up happening. I just try to be funny and get them to laugh.
Pacifists x96 focused on peace and making      living conditions better  Academists x96 focused  on     education and scientific advancement  Culturists  x96 focused on     enhancing cultural...
They're all I've ever wanted.
A little taste of where I am right now:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55FMOJMhV9s A favorite of mine:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qz-nhcfTfWQ I like this one a lot, very well made: ...
It's always nice to be praised by others, regardless of what type you are. Some enjoy it more than others, but I personally think everyone enjoys even a little bit of praise.
I absolutely love teasing and I generally only tease people I like, even friends. It's only playful teasing though, I don't try to hurt people through it. I'd never insult someone I liked though,...
I somehow remember even the smallest details about people I truly care about.
I look for someone who's a generally nice person, who shares common interests and can make me laugh as well as laugh at my jokes. There are more and of course, there needs to be a general attraction....
I often got butterflies when I thought about my girlfriend.   Man, I really miss being in a relationship... :
|I just can't get enough of this song right now.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ibi3df2MzE
I don't think we're that hard to figure out, it might just be because we're a little different in some ways than what most people might be used to. But you know the easiest way for anyone to know...
I'm kind of trying to learn how to crochet at the moment. It's pretty tough! :
|I try to find or think of anything to make my smile at least once a day, when I'm smiling I forget about being sad.
I guess if you follow the spectrum theory, then some people might be a little bisexual. While, I'm not bi or gay myself, I will admit that I do check out guys sometimes. I'm open to the idea of...
I think it's best to wait for someone you feel like you can really connect with, rather than be in a relationship to just be in a relationship. In the past and even now, I strongly desire for a...
I like a little bit of a lot of things but yeah, I tend to gravitate towards alternative/indie stuff. I've been getting kind of folky lately though.
Sentimental longing for the good parts, a little bit of cringing for the bad. I've been looking back for too long though, you just can't stay there forever.
The most so far have been hugs. I'm not too physically affectionate around friends but I need a lot of affection from SOs.
He might not be hung up on the girl, but it still might hurt him to do certain things that might remind him of her. He's also probably still closed up from being hurt and doesn't want to experience...
I consider myself pretty artistic but you know, the types are just generalizations right? Not everyone is going to fit into their stereotype, don't sweat it too much. Just be you, whatever you may...
I'm a night person, but I don't necessarily like staying up too late. If I stay up too late, then I wake up late and I feel like half the day is over. So now, I'm trying to find a healthy balance but...
I'm so indecisive, it gets on some of my friend's nerves. I downloaded a magic 8-ball app on my phone XD I don't use it too much though, hah.   I didn't pick out my college until the middle of...
I like a variety of musical genres, some of the ones I listen to the most are: trance, house, indie, alternative, classical, folk, pop, and everything in between. As long as I think it sounds good,...
I find something to tease the person about and lightly make fun of them. I also smile a lot (especially if I like the person) and try to make them laugh. Just have fun, and don't worry too much about...
Movies and music are two of things I love most in the world.   I like meeting new people, whom I find interesting, and I like making other people laugh or smile. Even if I'm not happy, there's just...
No, I try to text back in a reasonable amount of time. I used to text back immediately but lately I've been slacking and I kind of text when I get around to it.  What I don't really do, is text...
I really like the quotes that are used in my signature at the bottom.  This is more along the lines of what I'm feeling right now though.   Well yeah, and I'm sad, but at the same time I'm...
I'm pretty sure I have mild depression. I've yet to get it officially diagnosed though.
It's pretty common in my case, but lately I've been taking measures to improve this. It's for the better, I think.
I'm like this; I think it just depends how I'm feeling that day, whether or not something good happened. Most of the time I'm pretty mellow and might not talk too much.
I love drawing, that being said I think being artistic is the biggest thing we're known for though.
I'm awful with finishing things. For example, right now I have 3 windows open with more than 5 tabs on each one with stuff I want to do but won't because I'm lazy or something.
It'll pass, you'll eventually start to not care what they think or say about you. This is only a small bump in the road, you've got bigger stuff to worry about in your life.
It would be nice for them to dress in things that we both really like, but unless my girlfriend is dressed in something really obscene than I wouldn't care too much.
Sometimes I am, mostly around big groups of people though. I kind of just there amongst big groups, especially if I don't know most of the people there too well. I do so much better in 1-on-1...
Probably a year ago or so I would have been much less inclined to confess first but since then, I feel a little more confident about confessing first. I'd definitely not wait around forever, I'm kind...
Every now and then, I satiate this feeling by taking vacations or just going somewhere else for the day. I have escapist tendencies though.
Being around my girlfriend usually makes me smile a lot but what really makes me feel loved is when she says something nice about me or that she likes me. Even more important though, is physical...
Blah, I dislike math so much. I haven't made anything higher than a B in math since elementary school. Haven't found anything that has worked for me yet.
I don't know, I've never gotten drunk before nor do I plan to.
But I am cool!'"


5712: INFJ vibes for no particular reason   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHw5vSz793o&list=PLDAcx4AOjthNg5LwmIQAD36hIfIwP6ZGA&index=9
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMw5GY2Bm6c&index=10&list=PLDAcx4AOjthNg5LwmIQAD36hIfIwP6ZGA
Sunglasses = ESTP obviously   713281
713273  Here's me I guess
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxaqU0R-dLs  This song (and pretty much all of their songs) helped me through.. stuff
This is eerily accurate
Estp?
Worked up the courage. Been losing weight recently  707081
INFP   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnsURLBmlcA
Fi
I will fight you.
Infp
Uhh...ISTJ?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2NS5nGfRYo
I can do this stuffs too
-12 / -12.5 prescription  I wear them to avoid driving into buildings.
I've always loved animated movies. Kubo was one of the best movies I've seen in a while.   And Once Upon a December is a great song. I couldn't choose a favorite myself.
Play my guitar and bass, sing, draw, play video games, torment my cat, wish I were somewhere else, sleep.
Love short hair. I almost always prefer it over long.
Angelina Jolie, Margot Robbie, Jennifer Lawrence, Channing Tatum, Ryan Reynolds, and anyone of them who has had extensive plastic surgery.
Don't know all those characters, but INTP?  Not in any order.  1. Ron Swanson 2. Red Hood/Jason Todd 3. Bronn (GoT) 4. Boba Fett 5. Garrett (Thief 1 & II)
No journal. I hate writing, and I have nothing to write about.
I'm not super physical. I've always been stressed out about being around people so my hobbies are all solo at home. Playing various instruments, drawing, building things, vidya games. I also like...
ISTP  My top games are Bloodborne and Thief Gold/The Dark Project and The Metal Age. Bloodborne is everything I ever wanted in a game. Interesting lore, the need for technical skill and timing,...
ExFP. I'm leaning ENFP  691130
The eyes make me think ISFP  689274
http://i.imgur.com/bbDaCpw.jpg
Was just looking at that Steve Jobs pic and noticed we have similar eyes  677818 677826
677282  I typically avoid pictures..
Anyone know Garrett from Thief The Dark Project/The Metal Age?   I'm just going to say ISTP.
Ti
Fi
Fi-Se
Istp
Entp
Isfp
Some pictures from a recent trip to Colorado. They were taken with my phone, no edits or frills.   602074 602082 602090 602098 602106
ISTP - Dark greens (like forest green and hunter green)
Sounds extremely similar to me, save for the first part of 7. I'd also guess ISTP.
Si/Fi
INTJ  Got a new guitar amp, and have been on a Van Halen kick:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bl4dEAtxo0M
Istp
Ti
Enfp
Ni - Mainly because of Vergil
Isfj
ISTJ... the character is like the ultimate STJ.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNciKmxO1s0
Ti
Isfp
Si all the way
ISTP    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anr8QDcIUSM"


5721: 'So I've been noticing like the past week or so or more that PerC has been loading slower than in the past. Sometimes, the site won't load at all. Sometimes, I have to refresh the page 2 or 3 times...
So the upgrade logged me out, my complaint or worry is firefox said that the connection was unsecure. Hopefully, you guys have people working on this issue to make the site secure again.  Also, my...
637929  For one thing, this site didn't exist in 1969, but also all of them say the exact same time. And without a subject line, I'm not sure if I can open them.   I guess I could assume that...
Well it's time for an adventure to new places, said the ISTP. He started munging because munging sounded deep
lust for company
Well
I'm going off of what I've read from the books. I've only read the first 3 books. I need to get back in reading them. Then I'll binge the show.    @thissiteisterrible  as Stannis (only because i...
Not an INTP but I liked this test.  My cube was probably about the size of your average slice of bread, so like slightly bigger than a rubix cube. Mine was made of some sort of sand texture so it...
congrats pifanjr
life, chores, other stuff, this stupid migraine
congrats wiki :tongue:
welcome to the site. please make yourself at home.
Welcome to PerC!
:laughing:
Welcome to PerC. Make yourself at home.
I invited some people from elsewhere to join us, but I felt like I wasn't getting anymore takers so I made the call to modify the game and get it started.
Likely werewolf aka mafia, hi Noctis, it has been a while.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8DKD0PoRSI
B on both hands
yep, that guy is from Hunter x Hunter
what i should be doing right about now
I'll just sit right here and hope that no one notices.
*Owner welcomes Baramur to PerC*
*hi Revival*
:laughing:
Hey Zexy
Yay!! Dragonmount person in my game *Owner parties and is happy*
notjim is here too :)
*says hi to lissa* :P
*waves hi a familiar face*
Welcome shawnad!! I hope you stay around for awhile.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_5KgpN38hM
welcome to the site
Welcome to the site. Please make yourself at home. And don't forget to sample the cookies if you decide to join the dark side.
*looks around, oooOO what a nice, new shiny mafia toy to play with* We look forward to playing games with you in the future.
welcome to personalitycafe. please make yourself at home.
hehe :happy:
I had 11 notifications when I got on today. 3 mentions and 8 quotes probably only 4 or 5 of them actually existed. They are gone now but yeah.
welcome to the thread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMFlzdr1y9E
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pn7dCgtwX2c
What you say a SP Fashionista would look like?
meow
I see the glass water not half empty or not half full; I see it as all the way full: half filled with water and half filled with the air or the gases that are in the air.
Awwww, they are so cute and fluffy!!! Or we are so cute and fluffy!!!
So many inside TC jokes so little time.
http://cdn1.dolimg.com/en-US/blogs/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/GENIE-HUG-GIF.gif  Me confusing? No *shakes head rapidly* (group hug the majority of my ENFP friends)   Owner: Genie Pucca: Jasmine...
*has a  m o v i e  s c r e e n i n g  to get too in 8 minutes* cya folks
Aren't you having fun though? (which is aka one of my goals in the life to make people happy and have fun doing it) Is it not?  https://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7jy2fWL8B1r79z72o1_500.gif
Are you kidding? He's the sassiest one of you all!!! :laughing::blushed::blushed: Isn't that right cue5c?'"


5761: 'Well I can very much relate to this post because I had a heck of a time in my high school years trying desperately to be someone else - see, as a young teen I realized that the boys I liked weren't...
I agree with you. I was always sooo creative as a child, but as I've grown up, my creativity seems to be dwindling. I took an art course in college and my creativity was at an all time high. Then I...
Mostly ENFPs. I just met a girl recently and we clicked instantly..she was so positive and sweet, bubbly and inspiring - I think she has to be an ENFP.
I'm really into photography and my hubby bought me a digital SLR....best gift ever! But it is on the expensive side. A gift that relates to a girl's interests can never go wrong.  Oh and I'm very...
Well actually, I do get this nagging feeling to want to explore/go have an adventure...like travel or go backpacking or something. Im always nagging my hubby to do stuff like that...but he's more...
Are ISFP less sexually permissive? To an extent, yes. I am not 'anything goes' but I am open to ideas and willing to explore, with boundaries.  Are ISFP very monogamous? Yes.  What are ISFP 's...
I was a wild child...and had way more confidence back then...I was more of a leader than a follower, I was more popular and a brat at times..my mom says I was difficult...and I was... then I grew up...
I'm pretty much a textbook ISFP.  I pretended not to be for most of my adolescence because I just tried to fit in with everyone else, but that didn't get me too far and now I am comfortable in my...
Odd...I am ISFP and I don't need lots of space...in fact I am more of the clingy, smothering type *guilty* than the type who needs space in the relationship.
I eat meat.  I do not eat MacDonalds meat, however, because I don't believe that it's real food. I don't eat MacDonalds, period. Or lots of other fast food...it grosses me out. But there is nothing...
Hmm...well, I'm definitely very sensitive to light - I always squint or frown if I'm not wearing sunglasses...even when it's not sunny. I am very aware of sounds that other's are oblivious to. I am...
Bahaha... Im laughing because I relate completely to this post. Ive gone to college for art, now I'm in University for English and not enjoying it...probably switching to Environmental studies... I'm...
Well, in the beginning stages: Life is all roses.... creativity just flows out of every pore.... you have a permanent smile on your face...nothing can bring you down. Ahhh...love.
I am the youngest of 3, and the only girl.
That's backwards. The majority of professional photographers I've come across are actually males.
I find this very interesting because I am opposite - how the person i'm with treats others is VERY important to me. I don't want to be with someone who's a jerk to others...seeing someone be kind and...
I think that generally, ISFPs are closet adrenaline junkies!
I definitely have a sense of adventure, but I can be really cautious/nervous with things i'm not familiar with. On my honeymoon I tried a few things I'd never done before, including white water...
LMAO - this is so funny because I have never really enjoyed sports on tv - my hubby, by contrast, is a total jock & loves sports. He'll be watching a game and i'll be in the same room, on my laptop...
photography, photoshop, fitness, going on nature walks (is that considered a hobby?!), reading, movies, coffee shop dates with friends
I think the artistic quality can manifest in various ways... it doesn't have to be through painting or drawing, it could be musical, it could be culinary, it could be in drama, singing, writing,...
Right back atcha. I feel the exact same.
Yay you sound exactly like me...must be an ISFP thing. I want to work with animals too.
ditto here.
Soooo true! We hide ! :P
I actually don't know for sure...my music library is in the 7000's +, and I listen to pretty much all genres... I want to say it would probably be 50/50. For example, I like a lot of trance and...
pretty much any vid on tastefullyoffensive.com
Very interesting comments & perspectives.   I read a book on introvert-praisal that was very interesting...they did suggest to embrace being an introvert over 'trying' to be more like everyone else...
I liked the blue one because of the blue imagery, reminded me of sky/sea and I love nature.
Morals are very important. There are some things that just 'need' to be similar in relationships, and if you ask me, morals is up there on the list. I'm married and I know (not sure if you are or...
I've tried...trust me. And I am very extroverted with people i'm comfortable with - family, friends & my husband. But it's in situations at work and stuff that it can get in the way. And it's not...
Well...everything you just said here sounds exactly like me and I am ISFP.
Yes, especially when you come from a family of geniuses who are all doing something fantastic & useful with their lives and doing productive things for humanity...which I come from, and I have done...
Totally agree.
I'm in the mood to vent.  Sometimes, being Introverted in an Extrovert-dominated world sucks. Most things, it seems, are tailored towards E's. E's seem to be more successful in life, get hired more...
Absolutely, 100%, Yes! And I don't have any good advice because I experience the same thing all the time and I worry that I am not socially inept and that there's something wrong with me that pushes...
Still trying to figure it out.
English. Bored of it. Want to switch into something Environmental.
Anthropology. Check out Wade Davis' book The Wayfinders.
You're definitely not alone. I feel very similar... I hate the idea of working for a conventional job. I love the idea of freedom and travel. However I just got married in the summer and that kind of...
Does anyone else do this chronically? I swear, it's like a disease. I will start so many projects, or ideas, or activities...and then halfway through get bored and just quit or put it off. I have...
I totally do this too. I have about 8 books on the go that I haven't finished. Why do we do this?!
*throws big hug back at you ENFPs!*
Let me put it this way: I love games that do not deal with logic/math. I hate chess. I love word games. I love angry birds too...does that count? Oh and I love cranium :)
That completely describes me too. I often think I won't be happy unless i'm self-employed, because I can't stand taking orders and having a boss breathing down my neck - i am too independent - but at...
My hubby's best friend is an ENFP and I really really 'click' with him - he's awesome. So light-hearted and optimistic. I met another ENFP once and we hit it off right away - really friendly people....
Agreed. People that hunt just for the sake of hunting and don't eat what they kill are evil >:( Also, I don't like when people hunt baby animals..like baby deer, bunnies etc. It just doesn't seem...
I am currently reading: The Wayfinders: Why Ancient Wisdom Matters in the Modern World  by Wade Davis  It's all about the indigenous cultures and what it means to be human and be alive... its...
Wow...you sound eerily exactly like me. I feel like I used to be INCREDIBLY creative, but it's all sucked dry now. that totally sounds like me too...I was always very artistic and creative, but...
Being able to fly in dreams ROCKS! :D I love it. And the cat thing too...I have a very picky cat...she only like laying on my husband, not me, so when she comes to me - which is rare - it's awesome.'"


5810: 'I'm curious as to how many ISFPs relate to this.   I've just recently identified in myself that I have a very slow temper. People with quick tempers get mad at things and then realize it wasn't...
What things can an ISFP do to get more in touch with their Ni? What does it look like when they do?
The INFJ I know is very aggressive. He feels easily judged by the world and turns that back on those he anticipates conflict--which is nearly everyone. He has a hard time making friends because he...
Thanks. I don't think you're sound harsh or any of that at all. He really is being crummy about this. I am actually fairly mad about it. I just also understand that most of the problem comes from his...
Yeah. I just saw him last night at an event. He essentially said as little to me as possible. Others said they got the same treatment. I think the most I can do is talk to one of his other friends...
He did take me aside a few weeks ago and talked to me about it (though I think it has escalated a bit now). There may have been some newer insights since, but when I explained to him reasons why he...
Yes. Thank you. I figured it tended to be something along these lines. I feel horrible that he's taking it tough. I wish he could find away to see this whole thing in a way that doesn't leave him...
Oh me too. I do understand that it might means the end of our friendship is coming. I just know he's getting hurt by this whole thing. I don't know how to make him see that he's doing it to himself...
I wouldn't talk to them to in order to have them relay my message as a So-and-so said..... I'm just fairly sure he won't listen to my point of view from me. I would just ask that they try to get...
He's kind of an atypical INFJ. You guys are described as mega-peaceful. He likes raging and shouting (though normally it's not serious, just troll raging). I think it has to do with the environment...
That's pretty much it.   More info on the whole situation:  A huge thing is that he used to live in our dorm last year. Now he doesn't. With his new dorm, he decided before going in that he would...
My INFJ friend has been really sensitive to feeling left out of 'the group' the last couple of months. He's threatened to just stop being friends with us entirely because he feels like no one is...
Getting different results on the test are more likely due to the conditions in which you took the test. I got five different results from the tests I took online when I started simply because I...
They're both equally horrible. On economic policy, right. With most social issues, left. Politics suck.
How does one cheer up a heartbroken ISTP?  He says normally he just process these things logically and can get over them. However, this one is taking a toll. It probably just needs time--since it's...
He doesn't make it clear that he's just stressed vs. legitimately doesn't like someone anymore. I've seen him stop talking to people that he no longer wants to be friends with. It's very similar to...
He's most definitely and ESTP. Very much so an E. Considered him being an I for a moment once, and it was so very, very wrong. He just acts weird sometimes.    @Diphenhydramine I suppose that would...
Is there anything I can do to help him get out of it? Will he even listen to me? I don't want to bring it up and then have it come off as accusatory. I just want him to realize that he hurts people...
I have an ESTP friend. He's a great guy. I love to be around him. There's just one tiny problem...  I've noticed that he has the tendency to just shut down almost everything around him when under...
The OP isn't using the words liberal/conservative in a political context though. It's about our interpretation of Scriptures.
I know an ENFP girl dating and ISFP guy, and from what I can tell the girl is the clingy one.
Why not just Joy then? Joy is a wonderful name for a girl.  For a boy, I might go with Peter.
Christian.  I was raised Christian, quit for a while, and found my way back because it was where I always belonged. I respect other people for their beliefs though and don't try to shove mine on...
I'm scared of setting expectations. My feelings change easily. I'll like a guy one day and stop liking him the next. I'm scared to initiate anything because I'm afraid he'll see it as me leading him...
When I'm angry I cry. I hate people seeing me cry, so I go get angry in a room by myself until I cool down and blow off some steam. Then, if the problem is still an issue, I'll try to talk to the...
Before going to college I dyed my hair teal. One of my closest friends today was an ENFP who sat down next to me at lunch, and said You have green hair, and I think that's something I would do if I...
firedell Ahhhh.... I know. Awkward silences are the worst. I feel like I know what I'm talking about when it's filling the void of an awkward silence, but I just need.... something--anything--there,...
Apparently I have a habit of talking a lot--but only with people I'm really comfortable with. It's a simple equation, the more I'm comfortable with you, the more I'll talk around you.  So we just...
@paper lilies Ah, then I guess my understanding of Ni if wrong. I had a feeling if one of my understanding of functions was wrong it would be that one. Thanks for the correction. That makes a lot...
Well being an ISFP or an INFP, you're looking for which one you're auxiliary with. You could also try to see if you relate to tertiary functions at all?  An ISFP uses Se and Ni and an INFP Ne uses...
Hmmm... maybe examples would help?  I was talking to a friend about MBTI once, and I pegged her as an ExFP. I tried explaining S and N to see where she fit in. I even tried to explain Se and Ne,...
Main difference between Se and Ne is that Se deals more with concrete information and Ne concerns itself with abstract.   An Se is aware of their environment and takes in information through their...
Pretty much any by Regina Spektor.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pxRXP3w-sQ&amp;feature=relmfu   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CZ8ossU4pc
I don't think we actually are working towards anything in particular. We just like to enjoy the present. Kind of the point of an Se, if you ask me. :kitteh:   I would say that ISFPs makes...
From my point of view, the inferior function is often the one that we lack. In my life, Te has been the weakest aspect myself. I'm not organized or disciplined. When I'm forced to accept decisions...
What firedell said. Understanding the functions help a lot. I found that I don't even have to mention the test to some people to find their type. If I know them well enough and observe properly, I...
Back home, I'm friends with a ESFP.  At school, it's an ENFJ, ESTP, ENTJ, and ESTJ who I'd consider my best friends. Beyond them, I know and INTP, ISFP, ENFP, INFJ, ISTP and ESFJ.  It's weird...
I'm actually interested in hearing this too.
But not Fi, and she makes to many subjective decisions based on feeling. I support Dany as an Fe-user. I see INFJ in her.
And then she stills names one of her dragons after him.
The way she reasons it though is not the mark of an Fi.   I relate to her in every way, other than the fact that she's logical. Especially once I picked up the books and started reading. I'll be...
My responses to @whore on Arya:  And on Tyrion:   I agree with Renly.  Viserys just shout immature J to me, but I'm not determined on that. For Catelyn, I think she seems to use in a Fe-dom,...
Impulsiveness is in the Se side of her. I relate to that. There are parts of her narrative where she is very rational though. She keeps quiet around the other Night's Watch because she logically...
I don't see Fi in Arya. Not at all. She makes too many objective decisions and her POV chapters don't sound like the workings of an Fi child. She's also not and ESFP because she doesn't behave like...
My new favorite TV show is Game of Thrones, and I'm currently working my way through the books. I thought it would be fun to do some typing here.  Starks Ned: ISTJ Catelyn: xSFJ. I lean towards...
Yeah. It could be age. Or it could be the ISFP Se-aux function creeping in on us. We do like living in the present. ;)
I was going to go into Nursing before it dawned on me that I have a true hatred for science.  I switched to a double major in Studio Arts and Psychology. I've always been fascinated by...
I want to say yes.  I want to....  However, I would have to disagree. For me, thinking about the long-term scares me. I want the meaningful relationship--I really do--but thinking of life with some...
I think she's a Ti user, not Fi. She makes too many logical decisions when under emotional stress and her POV chapters in the book depict her as fairly objective in her decision making.  I do think...
1. Do you have a tendency to be conscientious around other people  (trying not to be rude; not to hurt them etc.) and to what extent?  Saying the right thing has NEVER been a specialty of mine. I...'"


5844: 'u200bBusiness Management
Yes, I have astigmatism
Most of my reading is done digitally (via Moon Reader or iBooks)
Green fig salad lentil peas tomatoes  Soursop paw-paw pineapple banana
Wonder Woman... it was highly enjoyable   HOWEVER, the 1st half of the movie was BORING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMivT7MJ41M
We can do anything but we can not do everything
We can do anything but we can't do everything
u200bWe can do anything but we can't do everything
Welcome to the forums nznr11 :th_jtteglad: :hug::hugs:  It may take a while to figure out what your true type is as mood and stress-levels may skew results. As others have advised just read up on...
Welcome to the forums shalom1 :th_jtteglad: :hug::hugs:
Welcome to the forums Lenny97. Glad you discovered your type :th_jtteglad: :hug::hugs:
Welcome to the forums sectumseverus :th_jtteglad: :hug::hugs:
Chose downtown as I would get to see the all the activity/colours of city life but never be forced to participate in it  P.S. It would also be the opposite of the relaxing, quiet mountain view I...
My 1st job was being a camp counsellor. I love working with the children and preparing for parents night
Greetings Fergus, :welcome: to PerC
Hi LeParfum aka Nicole :welcome: to the PerC family. Hope you have lots of fun here with us :hugs::hug:
Hi LindaMayeAdams Welcome to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us. As long as you hold on to that dream I'm sure you'll have your own business in no time :hug::hugs:
Hi slender2008 Welcome to PerC, glad you rediscovered yourself. Hope you have lots of fun here :hug::hugs:
Hi Navvy Jay Welcome to PerC :hugs::hug:
Hi Kristry Welcome to PerC, glad you decided to join us :hug::hugs:
Hi lilprimrose Welcome to PerC :hugs::hug:
Hi Bo0mCha_ Welcome to PerC :hug: :hugs:
Wow, I never knew this was a thing....practice child  I know about getting a dog or a pet to learn responsibility though
Granola with coconut milk and banana
Fried Rice with chicken Veggie spring roll
Good night and sweet dreams everyone on PerC  May tomorrow be filled with lots of laughter and smiles :sleepytime:
Good Christian Bitches by Kim Gatlin  It was an interesting take on the two faced  gossiping nature of church women. Not my type of book normally but it wasn't bad
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (2nd time watching it)
A beach day filled with splashes, laughter and joy
:welcome: to PerC alexismccown :hug::hugs:
:welcome: to PerC silentemma :hug::hugs:
:welcome: to PerC PrincessToots :hug::hugs:
:welcome: to PerC Malcontento  :hug::hugs:
@Cast  I love saying hi to everyone. I normally personalize it with their names too but have fam over for Christmas. So it was a quick welcome :tongue:
Hello there friend!!! :welcome: to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us :hug: :hugs:
Hello there friend!!! :welcome: to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us :hug: :hugs:
Hello there friend!!! :welcome: to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us :hug: :hugs:
Hello there friend!!! :welcome: to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us :hug: :hugs:
Hello there friend!!! :welcome: to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us :hug: :hugs:
Hello there friend!!! :welcome: to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us :hug: :hugs:
Hello there friend!!! :welcome: to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us :hug: :hugs:
Hello there friend!!! :welcome: to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us :hug: :hugs:
Hello there friend!!! :welcome: to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us :hug: :hugs:
Hello there friend!!! :welcome: to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us :hug: :hugs:
Hello there friend!!! :welcome: to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us :hug: :hugs:  BTW congrats on the wedding :toast: may you both be very happy
Hello there friend!!! :welcome: to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us :hug: :hugs:
Hello there friend!!! :welcome: to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us :hug: :hugs:
Hello there friend!!!  :welcome: to PerC, hope you enjoy your stay with us :hug: :hugs:
u200bWeird Different Confusing Mysterious Intriguing Outta-the-box Non-conforming Quiet (yet can be talkative with those I consider close to me)  So yes I'm intimately familiar with the labels'"


5857: 'My boyfriend is an INTP and has told me before that our communication is a lot different than it is with other Intuitives.. especially Ne users.  Sent from my 5054N using Tapatalk
What about if you dont remember your password? I'm logged in on Tapatalk. But want to log in on a computer.. can't I reset my password somehow without knowing it?  Sent from my 5054N using Tapatalk
I've tried looking for the option on my laptop and my phone and can't find it.  Sent from my 5054N using Tapatalk
When in a relationship, are you guys lovey dovey with your partner at times? Gushy sweet? Or are you the same as you always are?   Soft, gooey insides or nah?
INTPs are probably in my top three favorite types. (I say top three because I don't like deciding A favorite. So top three it is.)  And my boyfriend is INTP. He's great. Big mind, big ideas and...
I'm about to break down this post even though I'm feeling particularly lazy. It sparked my interest because I've often thought I had more ST/NT characteristics at times, but I've learned what those...
I've heard from a lot of people, and descriptions of ISFPs that we are easily forgotten. We don't make an impact on people's lives (for a long time, at least.. it's very short lived) and we tend to...
There's a lot of it on here between INTJs and INTPs, although probably mostly playful.  Sent from my 5054N using Tapatalk
Grandmaster Yoda is sorry. You went out shrimping, eh? How was it? Did you go out lobstering as well?  ientipi of course! I've had tons of INTJs compliment INTPs and vice versa. I think the...
Husbando!  Sent from my 5054N using Tapatalk
I see, so basically it just serves as a balance to your Ti+Ne over thinking.   Te will use what's observable, the facts and what is obvious. Ni can also be helpful in ways to accurately pin point...
Thank you for explaining!   What does overboard mean in that context? Like overbearingly trying to get you to open up, not giving enough space, pushy?  Sent from my 5054N using Tapatalk
Why do you think it's primarily among xxTJs you see this with? Would you say it's even more so among INTJs? I see a lot of great rapport between INTPs and INTJs.  Sent from my 5054N using Tapatalk
HeadofHudet pretty much the same as what I said to Fredward.  I don't understand the amazement behind the reactions. It is what it is. Some people express more than others.   I can see why that...
I see. That makes sense. A few others have described the same kind of responses from people who witness things like that, from INTPs specifically I guess.   I suppose the point of view from the...
Have any of you met a person that's made you feel comfortable with feeling? I guess, to elaborate, someone who makes you feel at ease and comfortable to open up your emotional side. Someone that...
I think this is definitely an ISFP thing. Can confirm, am ISFP.
Speaking of taxes, I just filed mine... so there's that. That gives me a couple extra hundred bucks to put toward a car, in the next few weeks. I've been actively putting in my applications at places...
I need to call on my Te, pretty much. I spoke with a good friend and she basically confirmed my own idea that I had already. Listing what I have to get done from most important to least, and slowly...
I just spent the past 4 days with my guy whom of which I'm in a LDR with. He flew a few states down to see me for the second time. I was feeling really good, up until 30 minutes into getting home......
I think what the at you means is that the person, a sensor in this case, wasn't absorbing what was being said. or not responding in a fashion that offers new insight, or something abstract to work...
Thank you for elaborating. I left your response alone at first because I had a feeling you'd come back and add some more. :)   That's a good analogy. It gets the point across, at least. It makes...
How easy would you guys say it is to communicate with a Sensor? Is there a difference between communication with a Sensor and an Intuitive? Does it flow easier with fellow Intuitives?  I'm asking...
We're usually 9, 4 and 6 I believe.
I open up if others open up to me first. And in those cases, it doesn't feel as invasive, where as if a person asked me something personal without opening up to me first, it would.  Sent from my...
I'm absolutely serious. I don't play games when it comes to relationships. He told me he really trusted me, didn't know why exactly but I honestly really cherish and appreciate that he even said...
I think you're under the impression that Thinking types somehow feel less than Feeling types. This is a common stereotype, but not true at all. If anything, I've experienced the emotions from...
Based on this, I'm more of a Question asker. Lol I open up when I see others are opening up to me. I'm not going to just hand out private, sensitive information to someone who doesn't first trust me....
1am-3am most nights.
I think there's definite accuracy in it, but the way some people choose to apply it really waters it's legitimacy down. MBTI is a good tool to understand people's reasons behind their motivations,...
You might have both 5 and 1 in your tritype?   So yeah, all types' wings will be the number preceding or succeeding that number.   Example: 1's wings will be 9 or 2. 2's wings will be 1 or 3. And...
Hm. I guess that openness could be apart of her recovery (that's a huge step in recovering from addiction). Willingness to communicate is almost always a positive thing, though, and it's better than...
Parts in bold were particularly familiar. It wasn't pleasant to be on the receiving end of, however I'm sure it's even less pleasant feeling this way first hand. It would be a slippery slope of...
Can you just ask them upfront? Get it out of the way?  Hey, would you happen to be a manic depressive INTP? If so..........
*gives Yoda all of the positive re enforcement he deserves.. you know, hugs and snuggles and stuff*  Do you want a sugary snack as well? Icecream? Cookies? Frozen Yogurt?
Pardon my past drunkenness, then. I'm all for elucidating on something I've said... as long as people care enough, Lol.   The reasoning for my first post, in comparing an unhealthy vs healthy...
Nnnnoooooooo. Not intentionally! The Holidays had me busy with work, family and now I'm recouping, ya know? I shall never purposely ignore you. :unsure:
Then you have issues that don't relate at all with intimacy, interpersonal and intrapersonal problems? Those were the kind of issues I meant when I was referencing this guy. Not general issues as a...
Nuhuh. I'm talking about two completely different people, one of which has a wide array of issues, kind of in an unhealthy mindset. The other has his head on his shoulders straight, has no problem...
The difference between a mature, healthy INTP and an immature, unhealthy INTP is night and day. I swear.   Then again, we're all individuals with hundreds of qualities that differentiate us. So why...
I cried. and I cried, and cried and cried AND CRIED. AND I'M SO READY FOR THIS SHIT.  SO READY.
heart digger lol
I'm more talkative and giggly. My inhibitions go down enough to do things I'd normally find embarrassing when sober.  edit: So, upon further pondering of my past experiences in being drunk, I'd say...
I'm surprisingly competitive, D
Mom-Tested as ISTJ and INTP. I literally see no traces of INTP in her, personally. She's gotten it twice on the test, but as I've tried explaining to my sister who just recently got into MBTI, the...
Indeed, very bent on the rules.
What're everyone's thoughts on the new characters??  Notably-  Negan, Dwight (blonde hair, burnt face), Sherry (Dwight's ex-wife, now Negan's)??  Negan - ESTP doesn't seem too farfetched. But I...
honestly my last post was a teeny revelation on remembering to take age into consideration when typing. BoJack is 52, WELL into developing his Fe and probably Si as well. Although, he's also...
i've NEVER masturbated.   ever  never ever in the past week.
on a scale from white girl wasted to alcohol poisoning, how drunk would I get if I took a shot every time someone said the word triggered in this entire thread? or even just the span of 10 pages. ...'"


5863: 'Thank you so much!!
DEFINITELY Fi.  I really really think she's ISFP.  Brief reasons why I believe so: Fi-Te She's very rebellious, especially on The Family Jewels.  She talks about her selfishness a lot- a...
Thank you! And ISFP has tertiary Ni.  I know I'm not an Ni-dom; definitely an Fi-dom.
What type do you guys think she is?  I'd say ISFP, but at least just xSFP.  I could see her being an xNFP, too, though.   Also, her music is very '60s and '70s influenced. (Even if she is not...
Thanks for the insight.  If you don't mind me asking, what makes me sound more ISFP-y?
Hm, okay thanks.   It wouldn't let me edit on mobile.     Haha, well, I suppose it can be pretty mundane but it's the fact that I'm just doing something so simple and universal. I'm just LIVING.
I think I use Se because I love getting out and just experiencing life and doing concrete things like washing dishes or hiking because they make me feel good but I have realized that that good...
My memories are often more of a feeling. There's almost always a visual image associated with it. I don't always remember smells or touch-feelings or tastes associated with a feeling.. more often...
I don't know whether i'm an ISFP or an INFP! I seem like an ISFP with lower, but healthy & positive Si; or an INFP with Ni that likes concrete experiences (Se?).   ~I like both previously...
(also shout-out to Kitty23 for her skill at helping people type themselves!)
So I've only know about MBTI for ~3 years, and only been on this forum since December, but believe me when I say I've learned a lot about it. I'm not an expert or anything, but hopefully my advice is...
I don't know how to describe it! It takes me to another place, I guess. Or, I just feel completely immersed in whatever place I am in.     Hm, okay. I like concrete symbolism more than...
Kitty23 Thank you! That makes a lot of sense. Yeah my values are definitely internal, but I think a lot of the time they just match up with the external. I'm leaning more towards Se than Si for me,...
Kitty23 I read the link you sent me,  Question on Se vs. Si - Usually it's like, Se is... - Funky MBTI in Fiction  In the present I feel like I use Se. I see things how they are, i'm not...
Kitty23 I actually made this before you replied, but I was coming here to go ahead and tag you in this one!  Could you tell me why you think I could be xSFP? I don't think I'm ESTP because I don't...
okay so i'm pretty darn sure i am an ISFP, but every other time i see another description of Ne-Si vs Se-Ni i start to doubt myself again. I'm just going to type out things about myself and then see...
[/QUOTE]  Yeah i'm like 99.999% sure i'm an ISFP. Every now and then I'll read something that will make me think i'm an INFP, but i'm pretty positive i'm ISFP. I didn't really have a clear idea of...
hm, actually i'm more sure of myself now. if anyone else has this same problem, this link helped me. you can go from there....
Typing all this out and reading it and re-reading other things has kind of made me think that I'm more ISFP but the way i do some things is just very close to the way an INFP does some things....
Alright i'm really pretty sure that i'm an ISFP. Really sure. But, for a while i've wondered if perhaps i use Si and am therefore more INFP. I was always like, I experience so much nostalgia!!! But...
Well, when I first replied, I had only listened to the ones by BORNS, Zella Day, and The Killers. Out of those, 10,000 Emerald Pools, Ace of Hearts, and Read My Mind are probably my very top...
Wow i'm an ISFP and i don't mean to intrude or anything & idk why i'm here but these songs are some of my most favorites, i thought that was neat.
I haven't put a ton of thought into their types (yet?) but Cole seems kind of INTJ and Dylan seems almost ESFP.. I'll have to look into them more I'm probably not quite right.
Old thread, I know.  But she's almost certainly an ISFP in my opinion.  I'm an ISFP too, so it could be that I'm just really aware of when she's using ISFP functions, because I know them so well. ...
hm, on second thought he could be INTJ.  Same functions as ISFP (Fi Se Ni Te) but in a different order (Ni Te Fi Se). Or ENTJ (Te Ni Se Fi).
He seems like me (ISFP) except 10000x more brash and 10000x less reserved.. like if I had absolutely no inhibitions at all.  like me, but high on caffeine and infinitely confident and infinitely less...
I relate to that more than I relate to anything else, I guess? I'm always using Fi.  Always.  It never fades into the background like some of my other functions might slightly.
Physical adventures, definitely.
That seems pretty accurate!    This is a description that came from an MBTI blog: Introverted feeling (Fi): This function is characterized by a deep, intense, private experience of emotions;...
Very similar to me, I think.  This test seems to take into account outside things independent of type (anxiety, etc.) so I think there's definitely an extent of variation that can occur between the...
Yeah this was sort of similar to how it seemed to me.  On the surface, it doesn't seem very ISFP.  However, it fits for me, and it fits for me as an ISFP.    As far as the conscientousness, I think...
The Five Factor Personality Test
Care to elaborate?
Thanks, I'll check them out :)
It makes me feel nostalgic, I guess.  And as far as films, I usually connect them to my own experienced past.  And often, they become part of my past-- I always remember where I was in life and what...
Reason?
I would want to wear the fashionable one.  Because I feel most comfortable when how I look captures the essence of how I feel inside.   I might note that fashionable to me isn't necessarily...
Haha, I feel almost exactly the same way.
Glad I could help :smile: Anyway, I'm not really sure, myself, if people change types throughout life. But I think it's possible that people may suppress certain functions of their type and develop...
Yeah that was a weird example.  I like sensory pleasures that aren't necessarily tied to a specific feeling (fast movement, upside down) while at the same time I like sensory things that are...
Hmm.. okay, yeah I'm still unsure.. Thank you!
I'm curious to see what other ISFPs get.  www (dot) blogthings (dot) com /thefivefactorpersonalitytest   (I can't post links yet, sorry.. it sucks)  Extroversion:  You have medium extroversion....
Wow this kind of helped me.  Can Se, when combined with Ni, sometimes seem like Si?
you sound a lot like me.. especially the walking contradiction phrase you used in one of your comments (ISFP but I also use Si?).  I believe I am an ISFP, but I have social anxiety and OCD and if I...
I took a 5 factor personality test a few minutes ago, and the result of my first factor was this-  Extroversion:  You have medium extroversion. You're not the life of the party, but you do show...
Both. Almost equally.  I definitely am nostalgic, and I definitely relive past experiences.  However, I really love new hands on adventures and experiences as well.   ...both.  ..equally.  To me,...
Well, I'm not 100% clear on the Ne/Ni difference, so I'm not exactly sure how those factor in for me.  But as for Si, I have that web of memories.  Everything is tied to the past.  Almost all...
I didn't really interpret it as anything specific... I like your interpretation though, it makes sense. :)  I think I just didn't really see a whole lot of the FiSe working together in it.
hmm yeah, I've seen questions like this before.. I'd do it for myself, but if it was something i was planning on showing others I'd really try to make it so that it resonated with them/they enjoyed...
I'm curious as to why you think Tennis Court is the ultimate ISFP anthem. Care to explain? Lorde is one of my favorite artists, and I loove Tennis Court.  I don't see ISFP in it though; but I'd like...'"


5919: 'There's an old platitude; The truth will set you free... but not until it is finished with you.   There was a period where I found that quote insightful, but then I had to wonder why it is that...
Crash off hype. Ride off potential. Eclipse the past. Usurp the future.
I only drank one cup of coffee today. How I managed that continues to allude me.
we got butterflies and moths out here. butterflies disguised as moths, and moths disguised as butterflies.
this isn't going to miraculously absolve you of the guilt, but i find that whenever i raise these concerns to a group of friends or acquaintances, it nearly always happens that they echo my...
Nay. He's INFP.
SLI-Si
Back when I still played soccer, I played two years up. I was quiet so the majority of my teammates thought I was lazy and aloof (shocker) but there was one girl (ENxP) who found me endearing. Over...
do it :)
sometimes you are confronted by such an overwhelming concentration of cuteness in a single entity that the only thing left to do is to fantasize about ways to eradicate the cuteness via unethical...
I want to kick cute things too
IEE (negativism obscured by enthusiasm)   TMLT carry around a small bag with the words it's just a bag printed on the side
https://i.imgur.com/sruCty5.png  either I did this wrong or the test is broken. my money's on the latter.  https://i.imgur.com/hRK2TfE.png
The Roots are innovative, stylistically golden. Black Thought and Questlove are strong independent artists, but they're too obscure to make any real impact on the game. Outkast is similar but...
group of girls, university, same residence, initiation process, parties, greek symbols, legally blonde
It's bittersweet to come across the abandoned accounts of people you once knew. Especially if it's the old you.
nsfl  https://medium.com/@luckyshirt/dear-guy-who-just-made-my-burrito-fd08c0babb57
we find comfort in anonymity that we never find in reality  we express ourselves in rhymes obscured by a mirage of lies  for eyes that'll never read them for hearts they won't reach  but we...
One thing I've learned is to analyze the other side's perspective post-conflict. It's important to analyze the rationale behind your own perspective, but in order to gain a holistic understanding of...
Every day that myself and the people around me experience good health and happiness is a wonderful day - dog
https://pre05.deviantart.net/ba53/th/pre/i/2017/143/4/d/waiting_by_richardleach-dba6a96.jpg
I've always wanted to explain my thought process to someone so they could finally get it, but nobody asks.  It's like I'm caught in a daze, lost in space - it's like my mind is comprised of hazy...
wild thing  you can't give your love to a wild thing it'll tug at your heartstrings before it disappears out there into the wilderness captivity doesn't exist in the world of the wild for its...
the bird and the worm by the used was one of my favorite songs for a brief moment in time. apparently the lead singer wrote it about his schizophrenic brother. i can't find anything on his brother...
i was greeted by a man at the top of a deep hole. he said hey you before he kicked me back inside. falling and falling and falling. i fell on top of a mushroom, i bounced off and fell into another...
Wisteria I'm by no means qualified to make these assessments but the first collage vibes ESI/ILI. The second collage vibes similarly but it's more expansive, I'm leaning Gamma. (reminiscent of...
I love kimochi too
I had a very clear dream  near the end of the dream the idea that everything is cyclical and everything ends but also comes alive again was displayed visually by someone looking up into the sky and...
i haven't been able to whine about nothing in like 2 days and it's slowly killing what's left of my soul
make piano great again  (just piano please)
“Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up. You build up...
i was standing in the middle of a busy street surrounded by a crowd of people watching a live broadcast of a public execution. when the man on screen was executed, the crowd cheered even louder. i...
i don't give a fuck if you think they're nice. they weren't nice to me. your opinion on that front is irrelevant. people need to stop monitoring and controlling how people feel about other people. as...
this bitch be going raw vegan but all I see is leaves and brussel sprouts
get ready bitches *insert knife emoji here*   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DeAw6aXHzcY
idk it changes every year
oh i get it. like the twin towers. nice
it's like, weird when someone takes a joke of yours super seriously ok so i could tell you it was just a joke but what if you interpret that as me lying  really tho i thought it was obvious that...
this post was beautifully written, gossip gyal.
is it possible to watch the brady bunch unironically
moths need to chill the fuck out. they're always flapping about and flying into shit and being creepy as fuck and they're not even making me laugh while they do it. like do you not realize how stupid...
I got swept up in the cosmos and it felt like I was being suffocated by the stars. I hopped from one star to the next but they were wobbly so I kept losing my balance. I flew to the sun instead, but...
a pensive longing for days far gone an empty memory to keep me warm  a graceful departure of which there were none it crumbles then it grows it crashes down once more
I reconnected with someone recently and it was interesting to see just how little they knew me. they didn't remember much about me, save for a few shallow facts, and I could tell by the way they...
I have some pent-up anger lingering inside me somewhere but I don't know what to write about first.
netflix and don't touch me
i've been trying to improve my mood by changing into comfier clothes, moving from my bed to the couch to literally the floor, flossing for half an hour straight, but i'm still uncomfortable SOMEWHERE...
being bored and shit-posting on the internet, trying to draw for the first time in forever but no bueno
I'm small-fry outside of my tiny bubble. why do I keep forgetting this? it's a heartwarming epiphany.
the issue isn't that you're different. it's that you're drawing negative comparisons instead of positive comparisons, which creates a barrier between you and other people, but it's clear from this...'"


5950: 'I know two couples wich are ISFP ESFJ. So far so good! ;) So musicislife there is hope indeed! And me and my (not 'boy') friend, are also a great combination. We just 'feel' each other. He is someone...
(Luckily) haven't noticed it yet with my ESFJ friends! I know three ESFJ boys, and they are just the best. I wish I had more around me! :proud:
Exactly! Started as very good friends, because we can communicate very well, and than developed feelings. Exact the same things you name, is also what I liked about the ESFJ boy. And complementing...
She doenst say she's not attracted to ISFP's, she says she hasn't got any experiences with them :)  I know a few ESFJ's and they are, just like musicislife said, very supportive, loyal and caring....
Yeah I recognized he needs it a LOT. I'm dating one for half a year now and he says he has never been so happy because I appreciate him so much. He has never felt so good about humself. So thats...
[QUOTE=lenabelle;2963645] The main way I can tell ESFJ from ENFJ is realism/pessimism. I tend to lean toward pessimism and see potential consequences for certain actions, which means I'm firmly...
Hello everyone!   Are there any ESFJ's here who like/are dating/have a boy/girlfriend who is ISFP? I am really curious about the experiences!   I really like an ESFJ guy, we are exact on the same...
They are.
YESSS ESFJ's have VERY strong emotions! They can be totally happy or totally down just from one little sentence or something someone said. I've experienced it. They are great, awesome people, I...
It is possible indeed she is an ESFJ. She sounds as a wonderful person! I think one of the most important things between you is that you have try to be open. I always find it very hard to open up,...
Haha this is also a little ESFJ like :P Giving themselves compliments, on a modest way! I think to get the appreciation they wanted. But I like to give them this appreciation cause they are very very...
Hey ESFJ Boys! Where are you?? I wanna see youuuu!! :proud:
That's funny. Or weird. My brother is INTJ and we are like best friends. We get along amazing, ever since we were young. ISFP/INTJ in this case works great! Pity you and your father are not like this.
All the time..
ESFJ's tend to like me a lot. I do like them too!! :) But i want to hear from you ESFJ's :P
It's funny you say this. They are not too loud for me! It's actually a good balance between too loud and too quiet I think :P Maybe it's diffirent cause i'm an ISFP girl. Maybe it's diffirent the...
I also thought our match was ESFJ? Some sites differ about the match. I tend to like ESFJ's though.. Anyway, you say it exactly the way I feel it. People say: Give him a chance! or: Give me a...
Could be.. He is ESFJ, so very caring. Personality is just PERFECT for me. But for some reason.. I don't find him attractive enough I guess.. I hate myself for thinking and saying this!! :( He...
ESFJ's are very caring, Always helpful, warm-hearted - good listeners, good speakers :P, energetic, loyal.. I just love you guys
I´d say ISFJ :)
How often do you think about your goals and values in life? I don't. And if I do, it's very vague. Never concrete. I think about the moment and not much further, unfortunately. I do have some sense...
Thanks m_dogg for your reply. But I am sure I am not in love. I could have him if I want, but there is something in me, a feeling, which says, I don't want him. Not now, not later. And about the...
I agree. ESFJ's are AWESOME!!! I don't know what exactly it is, but I feel so drawn to you. You are all so kind, loyal, open-minded, funny, open, don't judge, caring, warm-hearted, and I can go on...
People can never figure out what I am like. Sometimes they try to 'read' me, but 90% they are wrong. When people don't know me, they think I am quiet and shallow, but when they do get to know me, I...
Weird, don't get it. Everyone has something. If possessive is everything.. I mean, they have really good harts. Maybe they come across emotional (which they are), but they are very warm-hearted and...
ESFJ's are sweet, very caring, warmhearted, open-minded, don't judge, open, can laugh with them. Don't know what it is with them.. but I LOVE them!!!
I would also say ISFP.. I at least connect very well with them!!!!! ANd they with me ;)
I can get along with ESFJ's VERY well. I just love them! The only boys I really connected with, were esfj's.. So I do think I'm attracted to them. They're personalities match just amazing with mine....
Doesn't sound ISFP like..
I totally understand what you are saying. I have this too.. I like to have friends, but I don´t really really need it. I also don´t need to catch up with my friends every week. Once in a while is...
They hate when people give up quick
Should I? Or should I not.... Well okay than, here it is... :)https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/548807_277620212312391_360231944_n.jpg
Like to see you all :)
Hi Twigs, I totally agree with you. I have to say there are some ISFP's I know which are not very intelligent. But I don't think it has a lot to do with Type. It's just that an isfp would do less...
Absolutely method A!!!!
Nice introduction! :) Welcome!
Welcome :)
Hi there Amen :)
Tine: SO TRUE!
I Always say: Why do today, what you can do tomorrow?
Welcome, I'm a newbie 2 :)  Hope, with the knowledge of the MBTI about yourself and with this forum, that you will understand and appreciate yourself more. You sound like an unhappy ISFP and I feel...
All true, but I am very optimistic. More ISFP's agree with this?
Blue Butterfly, I want to thank you for making this threat, because now people will get right answers, from a JW self. I'm a JW as well, and sometimes I get ennoyed of all the prejudices about 'us'....
You know what so confusing is about isfp's? They are confused too! They mostly don't even know themselves what they think or feel. Do I like him? Or do I not? I notice this myself. Then a boy wants...
I absolutley agree with you 100%!! A LOT of my friends are ESFJ's. I can get along with them very well! I love being around with them and I notice they do too with me. Understanding each other is...
me 2. My father and my sister are ENFP. And I know a lot more. (too many in my opinion xD)
I talk a lot with esfj's, we can get along very well. So I'm sure too they like to talk to ISFP's.  And overall they have better conversations with F I guess.
At this moment not very cold :) It's still winter and its already 16 degrees. Not too bad :)
Wauw Epimer! Thank you for your sweet message! That's a warm welcome!!!!! :)
I grew up as a happy kid, worried about nothing, I had a lot of friends, but I enjoyed playing on my own or with a close friend most. I could play for hours with the barbies or something else. I was...'"


5959: 'I have the same thing as well. I've noticed that if I click the go back one page arrow, while it's got the blank page, it will go to the page I was trying to get to (as opposed to the previous...
Haha I think I missed the beginning of the convo too. Didn't go that far back in the thread.   And yeah could be the maturity that makes the Fe more noticeable for Poxy. Isn't the third and fourth...
Haha no it's not that I wouldn't say something if I had a read. I can agree with that I'm not that assertive, so I might tell others about a read and then if others don't agree I can just a bit too...
I could see both of you as ENTP I guess. But yeah I know you're kind of different, but I can also see similarities. Like you both come off as quite cheerful and fun loving in general and wanting to...
Congratulations, you've completed Instinctual variant test  Based on your answers, you can see your result below  53%Social (so)  Your dominant instinctual variant is likely social. The so...
Yes I think body language shows a lot. Maybe more of the current mood and such, but probably also identity in some way and at least how you (want to) present yourself in general. I mean things like...
Good luck! Early days yet, but I wish it goes well this time!
I'm so sorry to hear that happened. :sad: :hug:
Congrats Stiletto and husband! :hugs:
Hi again! :hug:   I just read a couple of pages back some discussion about how S and N types get along or don't get along. Well in general I do think any types can get along, especially as this is...
I took some online tests for fun sometimes before I really read about the system properly and I've gotten varied results. I'm sure introversion was at least in my first type. It's probably been IxFP,...
Thanks! :) I think it's sort of difficult for me to see if the intuitive part of me is Ne or if it's Ni together with Se, as like you said at one point, it can be confused a bit.   It made me laugh...
I don't use names in conversation much either. It just usually doesn't come naturally in casual conversation. Of course I use names when trying to get someone's attention or indicating that I'm...
Congrats Earthy! :)
I'm usually more on the quieter side. So more on the selectively participate, or sort of average-ish participation. But it really depends on the situation too. But I'd say I become more talkative and...
I just noticed that we have exactly the same tritype. I keep changing the order though and go with 9w1-7w6-3w4 at the moment. But same fixes, same wings.    Anyhow ENFPs: If I'm not feeling like I...
Haha! :tongue: Um I don't even know. I've forgotten what my case for Se is. Apparently I should do my research again, because I can't really come up with explanations right now. What I know is that...
IxFP
Haha that going off on tangents thing is one that I and possibly other people see as something that might be Ne in me too. Though I usually try to keep the main issue in mind and get back to that...
lol Liz! :laughing: I'll have a look around though. I've been buried too deep for a while in the mafia forum anyway. Should expand my views.
I got Phlegmatic. Didn't feel like it was the best test, with a bunch of questions I wasn't sure how to answer, and the Peanuts and Wiinie the Pooh questions too. But the result seems pretty...
Hello! Thank you Quang for offering to do this analysis for people! I feel a little bad adding to your workload, but I'm curious and there really is no hurry with this. :)   So I'm posting two...
:blushed: Thank you! I'm charmed by your compliments as well. I'd really like to learn at least a little bit of French some day, and I have plans to take some classes when I find the time. It's such...
Thanks! And hehe I know a very little bit Italian and tried to come up with something extra to say and pomodoro and whatever else I said was all I could think of at that moment. :P
ESTP    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkLql2FsCTU
SomeLady INFP   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqV2rdZ7-Pc
Oh of course! Somehow I thought the editing period was shorter and didn't even check if the button was there still. But it's 24 hours I guess. I'll go and edit it in now. Thanks!
I'm procrastinating from doing other things, so I attempted the Irish as well. That was added after my original entry, so that's why this is separately.   Irish: Vocaroo | Voice message  I'd love...
Cool if I sounded Swedish at some points too. I know I slipped a lot back to Finlandssvenska. haha! XD My Norwegian also probably sounded more Swedish than Norwegian at least partly.
And I'm sorry about all the ones that sound totally wrong. Plus I tried to sound Sweden Swedish and failed.
Okay, here's mine. My native language is Finnish and I'm bilingual, so Swedish as well.   Norwegian: Vocaroo | Voice message Croatian: Vocaroo | Voice message Turkish: Vocaroo | Voice message...
We post the submissions in this thread, right?
If you relate a lot to Ti, but not so much to Fi, have you considered ISTP?
sx/so
It's crossed my mind that I could be six, but then there's so much more that I don't relate to it than in the other types I've considered. On the other hand I also find it a bit difficult to quite...
You have a very similar typing to mine. I also type as the tritype 379, and at some point thought of 369, so I feel like I have a pretty strong connection to that triangle. Currently I type as...
ISFP and Physical touch first, then words of affirmation and then quality time.
Danse Macabre I love Paloma Faith's music and that's such a fun and cute video too!  I'm mesmerised by Elastic Heart currently.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWZGAExj-es  I know there has...
Petrahygen ISTP maybe   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPjfSqH-nA0
Buffy sort of fits for me as ISFP. I've watched it and liked it, but it would be about third of my favourites of those, with Doctor Who and Gilmore Girls being my favourites of those, so slightly...
I quite agree with you there. I have problems with fitting both behaviour and core motivations into a type that would suit me. I would most probably be a 9 if you look more at behaviour, but can't...
sx/sp
sp/sx
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=miOEmyjpLkU
I feel pretty much the same as the above responses. I'm somehow drawn to the spotlight but still a bit afraid of it. And that's of course depending on the situation too, like if I'm confident in what...
About 100 pages later... Haha! I found it kind of fun and cute being called that ISFP person with the ferris wheel avatar. :) Anyway your sweet thanking everybody, and your welcome for whatever way I...
Touching is meaningful for me. My main love language is Physical Tounch. But that doesn't mean that it's always easy. I always appreciate it (when it's in the appropriate moment and in an appropriate...
It worked pretty well for me as well. Of the top five signs for ISFP, four are the ones I relate more to in Astrology. Just swap Aries for Pisces and I'm happy. Always related pretty much to Pisces...
http://tinyurl.com/qx8njt5  Oh and the beeping someone mentioned a couple of posts back! I also had to stop it more than once to make sure it wasn't somewhere in my house. First I was just looking...
I checked this thread when it was pretty new and only had like four or five replies. Came back to find it had GROWN! I thought I'd have a look at how people type from a video specifically (because...'"


5974: '...
what happened?
also,    reality check time. You're 17? you don't have and won't have 100,000 dollars to spend on plastic surgery. Stop torturing yourself thinking this is the route you need to take to fix...
how many threads are you going to make about this? You keep getting the same responses from everyone, and that's not going to change.   You need to get off the net and seek therapy.
3w2
There is no possible way for me to answer that as I'd have to know every person's type i've encountered, and unless you know them extremely well I think it's too hard to type someone's personality.
I shoot with a canon t2i for now (I want a 5dMIII)...I didnt worry too much about the camera and spent more money on lenses, but now im ready for a new camera.  My favorite lens is my 70-200 F2.8...
I'm a 3w2...   I don't know what my tri-type is.
sexy!
If you need any help/tips/tricks let me know. My father and I own a successful dealership. :)
http://i.imgur.com/wSPAfY5.jpg
I'm very critical of myself and my works. I always think, I could've done this & that better.   Sometimes I wonder if that's why we as ISFPs don't handle criticism because we're already so...
I love it when i get that feeling. I think my best photographs come when I have that desire to create.
I don't believe that ISFP's are the only people that can be artistic. However, I think it comes more natural to us. I think we're more creative in that aspect and maybe even tend to pick things up...
What do you shoot with, and what's your fav. lens?
I'm like that too. I have a hard time with over-the-top praise where it doesn't feel genuine.
I hope he doesn't take it as gushy praise    Even ISFP's like words of affirmation. :)
I really enjoy reading your posts. They're so full of wisdom and insight and you've helped me understand a few things about myself I hadn't before.  Keep it up, you're an asset to this forum.  ...
I can't really draw at all.   I don't necessarily think that ISFP's are all artists in the sense of painting/drawing/etc. Art comes in many forms, my artistic ability is Photography. I have...
haha...   I accidentally ended up in the wrong sub forum and was all like, WTF!?!?!
also, how do you express your artistic side?    I'll start;   I own and run a car dealership with my father, and photography is my art.
Life is well...Life...Sometimes it just gets in the way. :)   Love is fantastic. I'm with the love of my life and she's absolutely perfect. I love her to pieces!    Work is as always a roller...
Yup!   This place is the reason I joined PerC. I finally felt like there were others like me and experience thoughts and feelings much like I do.  Very cool place we have here!
first of all...it's You're just like your father (sorry pet peeve of mine)   secondly, saying those 5 words to me is sure to set me off.
my style is pretty simple...  Solid color fitted Tees, Jeans, sneakers, short kept hair, and some sexy stubble as my g/f calls it. :)  If it's cold I'll throw a cardigan on...
Today- Im feeling really really good!  My anxiety/stress is at about a 0 right now, and...I finally feel like life and the plans i've made are starting to come to fruition. Finger crossed, i'll...
historically i've always shut down, got sad, etc. I don't like being yelled at at all...    Recently tho, i'm much more combative. It's not my true self at all, and I hate it.
I'm with the others and don't really know where to begin...
I would've been offended after only living there a month and that happening. If we were cool and had that type of joking relationship then I probably wouldn't have, but not knowing them that well...
Interesting that you said that...When I took that picture I saw it in B&W.
Stressed, slightly anxious...but it's not as bad as it's been lately. So that's good. :)
It's good..That's just your ISFP coming out. :)    Do you feel that you see the image before you even take tho shot? I do..
that is a very cool picture!   I like it!
I got 3 as well...    3w2 to be exact.
http://i43.tinypic.com/281sapk.jpg
why not just take the test?
I enjoy photography. I really like to just drive around and get lost and find cool things to take pictures of. However, I don't get a chance to do it as much as i'd like as life gets in the way.  ...
I like color period.  It's hard for me to pic a favorite because kinda depends what the thing is..    But if I had to..i'd pry put blue and orange up at the top.
pretty good reason..lol
ISFP- Physical Touch
when you about wreck your car driving through a historic parts of town because you're too busy checking out the cool old buildings to pay attention to traffic. LOL!
you can buy a a  video game and in a year or two have nothing to show for your money.   With a tattoo I have a piece of art that will be with me forever.
It's not that I, and maybe ferroequinologisteq can't speak eloquently or in coherent well thought out responses. The problem (for me at least) is when there is an emotional feeling or attachment...
^agreed   Just keep doing your thing and working hard. You'll be their boss someday.
30 is still young..I just turned 30 and started on my sleeve this past year. I'd actually recommend to most people they wait til at least late 20's before getting inked. There are a lot of factors to...
My best advice that I can give you is wait until you're old enough/mature enough to know what it is you really want. At 17/18 you're going to change so much still that what you like now might not be...
it's a known fact ISFP's are the best. :D
That's another problem tho...I don't feel all that artistic. I mean, I love photography and taking pictures but I always feel like I am mediocre at best. I'm by far my own worst critic..
you're welcome!   I was all WTF at first too..hahaha
nevermind I see you said he is stressed out....   That right there is a big part of your problem...is there a way you can help him de-stress?'"


