90: 'Newton's Universal Gravity Law. I mean seriously, where would we be if nothing followed that law? Dust particles in space.
Well, if money and time was no object, I would backpack my way around the world. I would go where ever my feet led me in a westward fashion; only using money when I absolutely needed to. I always...
http://www.oglaf.com/media/comic/failsafe.jpg
I'm still laughing! xD  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7x9Qw1KSyIs  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRHh3Rx8c80
workaround is working for me, and I'm using FF 8.0 Double click the edit post, edit post like normal, hit submit, FATAL ERROR!!!, ignore that and open a new tab, revist same thread, everything is...
I drink tea, unsweetened 95% of the time.  I also like cider, hot or cold, cider is one of the best drinks in the world.
http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lgw8ytx14T1qbbby5o1_500.jpg
A guy can't spread appreciation of complex trigonometric functions without being called feelery? What's this world coming to?
Copy and paste      (sqrt(cos(x))*cos(400*x)+sqrt(abs(x))-0.4)*(4-x*x)^0.1      to Google      Have A Nice Day! :)
I thought I was slightly OCD but Doback confirmed I'm just slightly ISTJ. You know you're an ISTJ when you have your closet organized by color and type of clothing/shoes.
*Also freaking out about not being able to edit posts*    I take offense. I'm not the least bit feelery. At least I don't think I am. But I do agree that 9's don't fit in the stereotypical ISTJ...
http://www.dangerousminds.net/images/uploads/dicktocabdriver1hgfjf.jpg fix'd :ninja:
I laughed so hard...  warning: contains swearing.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHG-JO8gIGk
I actually like this test a lot. I find the description of myself to be quite accurate. Even though I don't overly enjoy the position of leader I find others putting me into it more often than not. ...
The rush of making a deadline at the last minute, and putting out the best quality product.  Analyzing myself and others.
http://fc06.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2011/340/f/9/secret_agent_calvin_hobbes_by_kizer180-d4hqlhn.jpg http://fc06.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2011/339/8/5/8575e5c001dae91aba3db30de4b76528-d4i7u65.jpg
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lucp36jbqB1qzxegjo1_500.jpg   edit: two more http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lunw3ycuJN1qztj6so1_500.jpg   ...
I know you were just getting some ideas out which is really needed, but I think it would also be helpful if the poll ideas also contained choices.  I like the 12 days of Christmas one, but it...
http://27.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lohureOA651qc9u65o1_500.jpg   http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l9qxqj0Xe61qcu739o1_500.jpg
I believe their backstories are pretty well explained out now; the reader now has a pretty good feel of where the characters' walk of life has taken them. Their personalities could use some work, but...
http://img856.imageshack.us/img856/9250/pb060127.jpg Me on top of Crane Mt. http://img838.imageshack.us/img838/8721/imag0128mn.jpg Me after losing the trail and my wallet and bushwhacking down the...
That's bad, but the six month old site poll on languages is what's really killing me. Help me out and suggest new polls here:...
I tried making this once. We had two and a half snowmen and the 2/3 of the big pile before the yard was out of snow. I swear though, one day this will be my front yard.
lmao  We're missing someone though http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6154/6145410585_afb6c726ee.jpg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtztrcGkCBw
ISTJ - Duct Tape  I've said it several times before, ISTJs are the duct tape of society.
http://memearchive.net/memerial.net/fullsize/1370.jpg
I think that there should be a thread for site poll suggestions from which Happy or one of the other admins or mods can choose a new poll. And that the poll should be updated weekly or biweekly. Also...
No it's PerC.  I'm going to be tuning out till this is all over.
http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ltncjmIaiB1qbv41po1_500.png
If that's what you want to do, then no, it is not underachieving. I knew a cook who had the opportunity to own his own restaurant and he chose to remain a cook. He knew he didn't want go through the...
Motivation to achieve comes from yourself. If you don't enjoy what you are doing then you won't be motivated to do better. If you are enjoying what you do then you won't have to force yourself to do...
http://27.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lbq5u6Eogo1qeh72mo1_500.png http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l8mbcoa4Rj1qa1id2o1_500.jpg
My laptop's desktop http://img534.imageshack.us/img534/1333/desktopbackgrounds.jpg  My log-on screens http://img35.imageshack.us/img35/5011/logonbackground.jpg
I like to do that too. I don't post them on the net, cause I don't have a place to do it though. If we have any other ISTJs I think we should start an ISTJ Photography thread, I know I would like to...
I know but if someone comes asking, it's now easy to say, Please reference page 80.  *Contributing to burying.*
We look like the ones you don't want to mess with. Very similar to the INTJ, except we don't have the signature INTJ death stare.
Part of the relative safety that one assumed they had when posting pictures to this thread was the massive size of it. A picture would be buried in a matter of days.  That's all gone now.
http://27.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lt3bb49LYp1qf0vqyo1_500.jpg
*Hugs MBTI Enthusiast*  Mood: Dead  Reason: Attempted to hug someone.
INTJs are great, as long as you're on their good side. I know a couple and we get along real well, we seem to get each other's sense of humor.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VB-VIq6YnD4
I've been looking at interesting food. When I saw this I was like - D: wtf pie does not do that Î£(ã‚œÐ´ã‚œ;)  http://blog.foodnetwork.com/fn-dish/files/2009/01/ip0206_applepie_lg.jpg?rand=847365361
http://www.deviantart.com/download/57046401/Onigiri_Expressions_by_yiji.jpg
http://www.tumblr.com/photo/1280/883317463/1/tumblr_l6etq9kWcJ1qc2z44
Well sorry to rain on you parade. xD
Well I figured out the song now. It took a while before I remembered anything other than lalalalalalalala   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0l1_PvRSFY
Wana know the nice thing about self graded exams?  160. *Maximum potential achieved!*   I'd make this into an actual quiz but I'm feeling too lazy atm.  [/contradictory post]
I got 23 >_>  I think this test made me 2 points more empathetic.
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lta4vwXj8F1qzhh11o1_250.jpghttp://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lta4vwXj8F1qzhh11o2_250.jpg http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lta4vwXj8F1qzhh11o3_500.jpg'"


108: 'I never understood for a long time why people so often told me to smile. I was always confused by this, not understanding why I should walk around with a constant smile. No one does that, right?...
That's because you're so enthusiastic!
Yes! This!
Every once in a while when I want a treat I go to a fancy store and buy Truffle Tremor. It doesn't last very long and is a bit expensive. But...oh.. so... good.
Oh! Greek-lookin' sandals!
I don't even know what strappies are.
The idea is to spend less on shoes to have more of them.
1.) Physical sciences 2.) Foreign languages 3.) Art  ISTJ
I did well in school in general. I was in the advanced classes, no matter the subject.  My writing tends to be stiff, and I have trouble coming up with ideas to write about.  I did well enough in...
What is the term for when something is written vaguely enough that almost any reader can make it applicable to his or her own life?   I can pick things out of Aquarius that applies to me. I can do...
The original purpose of the thread was how to distinguish between an ISTJ and an ESTJ. The necro comment (in addition to necro-ing the thread) does not add to the discussion. It's possible that it...
No, I just keep these things in a bag and pull them out whenever I wish.
I wasn't really bothered so much by the little joke, but I came in later and skimmed through it more quickly.
I was going to say ice water, but yours is better.
More fun and effective than a treadmill! (There is a correlation between fun and effectiveness.)
6 Expressing Regret  4 Accept Responsibility  3 Make Restitution  7 Genuinely Repent  0 Request Forgiveness   I noticed for my answers, that I tended to put weight on the type of apology based...
I like the semi-cheap razors (Soleil). And at least below the knees every day because even if I'm not wearing shorts (Muay Thai), my partner might need to grab hold of my ankle for a joint lock or...
It's like hot glue.   It's hot to mold itself around the hairs and little crevices. As it cools, it hardens, so that it clutches the little hairs. If it's too cold, it will never really get a good...
It can burn sensitive skin. There is a 'recommended' temperature, but it's too high for some people, depending on the skin.  My mom ran her own salon for several years which included eyebrow...
That whatever problem exists in front of you, whatever you want to achieve, you can figure out the answer, and you can achieve the solution if you look for it and act.
I will look for a recipe.
No, but I once knew someone who had cousin who visited the country.   Haha, just kidding!  I'm not, but I do have an abnormally  high number of Canadian friends, one of whom I tease about bagged...
I think knees could be a formidable opponent to the jawline >:
|I only recently heard of them. I've never seen them in the states.     Only in some places. They have pitchers to put the bags in.
Poutine sounds very wrong...  but I really want to try a Nanaimo bar.
:)  It is because I steal the joy of others!  http://personalitycafe.com/istj-forum-duty-fulfillers/137579-wierd-introduction-rant.html#post3479563
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8MeFeitCtc
Yeah, I shouldn't say not at all. The real world is larger, though, and there are more things that can define status than being named prom queen.  I will keep an I told you so in my pocket. I...
This post is going to be incredibly speculative.  Anyway, I suppose that during high school, a cheerleading position is commonly viewed as a status symbol. It could be that many people seek to be a...
Hello!  Do you mean Where do they fit in as far as competitive status goes? or in as far as perceived beauty goes? I think the answer will be different depending on whom you ask.
I am convinced this is why people enjoy reality shows.     What about them?
I think part of the reason for models being skinnier is that marketing targets teens in order to get them to buy into their brand early. Teens tend to have less curves, and have a bit more of that...
63720
Intruder alert! Intruder alert!  Barricade the exits! Hug limit over capacity. Target identified as non-ISTJ.    Welcome, Quante!
1)I'm also very introverted. Yes, but I can be outgoing for short durations. 2)I like spending time alone in my room. I love quiet time alone. 3)I have problems interpreting emotions. I have a...
She doesn't dislike you, but she isn't into you.  She may even think that a relationship where she can keep some emotional distance is what she wants. The intimacy could possibly change with time...
Go through your week and set aside times (repeating every week) specifically dedicated to that task.
How long have you guys been together? Have you had times you felt were intimate before but now she feels too busy? Or has it never felt very intimate? Do you know her top love languages?
But if what niss says is true, the person would be willing, not because of the innate sexual drive, but because of the emotional connection and desire to give to each other.
No. Not weird at all.   (Though kind of funny considering your handle ;p)
I don't understand the purpose, and feel a bit repulsed by the idea. Intimacy with someone I'm very close to has a real purpose. Casual + sex just doesn't equate for me.  I suppose on the flip...
You seem sincere to me. This is why I'm willing to help you understand. Look at the motivations for some of the enneagrams labeled as competent types. (1, 3 and 5). It sounds like she has one (or...
The way I'm interpreting this whole situation is that they are young and live far from each other. She doesn't know where she'll be in her life, so she wants to keep a safe emotional distance. (Like...
The idea of this (to me personally, perhaps not other ISTJs) makes me uncomfortable, especially in large amounts. Occasionally would be okay.   Pushed to do things I wouldn't normally do. ...
I try to (not always successfully) ask myself if what I'm going to say serves a purpose.   Am I pointing out that something has a flaw, or am I actually offering a solution? Don't just say what's...
Best: ISTJ or INTJ Worst: ESTP or ESFP  Not to say there have not been exceptions!   Edit:
You probably want to look into the five love languages. Barring feelers like MBTI Enthusiast a lot of ISTJs have actions/deeds and quality time in the top of their love languages.  Look at how he...
@MBTI Enthusiast : SO, SP  I'm going to dig through this thread and take (or retake?) the enneagram test you posted, but I'm sure of my instinctual variants.
Based on my own observations, and maybe not describing other STJs.  The way we think inspects each step, looks for potential risks involved with that step, and how to mitigate those risks. We are...
I took this one: Find Your Hogwarts House - Harry Potter Sorting Hat Personality Test   And this one (which I liked less): Harry Potter - Sorting Hat House Quiz   After I had already voted I...'"


191: 'If it's not what you expected, try browns instead :) I definitely prefer browns to blues, but everyone's different.
In life, and particularly in your working life, you will be working with others. I would suggest accepting that you'll be working with this person, and instead concentrate more on dealing with the...
All the ingredients for an unhealthy relationship. It all sounds so romantic (and familiar).
That explains how you go through idealising and devaluing others, but I was more interested in hearing about how you think the devaluing impacts the other person (the person suddenly being devalued).
Actualized type: ISTJ (who you are) Introverted (I) 88.89% Extroverted (E) 11.11% Sensing (S) 66.67% Intuitive (N) 33.33% Thinking (T) 52.94% Feeling (F) 47.06% Judging (J) 80% Perceiving (P)...
None of this makes any sense to me.
If I knew someone had feelings for me and I didn't have feelings for them, I'd probably start distancing myself from them. Mainly because 1. I wouldn't want them to get hurt 2. I don't need/want...
OrangeAppled  These are my own observations, based mostly on INFPs I've come across on this forum. No it's not scientific, I wouldn't claim it is.  I have to point out, though, that your quote...
If that is the case then that's fine, I don't mind being wrong.
I think it's important to be open and honest so we can reach some level of self awareness. Behaviour that is dysfunctional/damaging to the self should be identified and labeled as such. What I have...
Fair enough, I suspected that was what was trying to be communicated. I still think a lot of INFPs are rather childish in terms of how they deal with difficult situations, as well as how they handle...
I'm an ISTJ. My personal opinion based on a number of INFPs (as well as ISFPs, actually) I've interacted with/come across on this forum... yes. Many INFPs do come off as rather childish. I don't know...
Hey! Welcome :)
I disagree, based on first hand experience. And it's definitely not out of pride/fear of rejection. But I don't want to dwell on that.  I hope you'll consider initiating conversations more with...
Would be great. Then we'd all stop wasting time on people who aren't interested in making meaningful connection.
Welcome (Again :P)!
Would be interesting to hear about how you think your devaluation/discard (because that is what it is, at the end of the day) impacts the other person.
I love this quote:  Sometimes you hold back from talking to someone not because of your pride nor because you fear rejection.  But because you know deep down that if they wanted to be there in...
Library... what's that? [emoji14] just kidding, though I haven't been to an actual library since I was about... 10? That would be 16 years ago? I have Amazon Kindle, and Audible, so I have access to...
Hello fellow ISTJs :)  I'm looking for some book recommendations! I don't know what I'm looking for exactly, but something for my T. I'm interested in self development, and I've been going through...
Nothing is going to change unless you change -- and this takes some effort. That's not to say you're not trying, but you need to try harder. And it all begins with changing the way you think.  1 -...
What's the one thing that makes you most happy in life/happy to be alive? Feel free to detail how it makes you feel, and perhaps try to explain why you think that might be.  If you can also include...
The problem with that is it's difficult to know whether the cause is some chemical imbalance, or if I'm doing something wrong. If it's something I'm doing wrong then drugs would just be hiding it,...
For the past few days I've been on the verge of tears throughout the day. And when I'm alone I just want to cry. I honestly don't know why, or what's triggered it. Being off work for a few days...
I feel like I'm having a 1/3 life crisis. I don't know what I'm doing, and nothing makes sense anymore. Life really isn't fun right now :/ If I could magic it away as if I never existed and no one...
Lakigigar  That's very interesting. Thank you for sharing.
What's unhealthy about imagining your loved one being paralyzed or dead??? What's healthy about it? What kind of emotions do you feel when you fantasise about such a thing? Do you like feeling sorry...
Lakigigar  Your post strikes me as being really, really unhealthy. I don't mean to judge, I've had similar fantasies before.
I'm not sure too sure what the best thing to do in this scenario would be. When I'm sad/grieving there is very little anyone else can do for me (unless I'm very close to that person, or they're a...
As with all feelings, loneliness is difficult to describe. But I'll try and give you my perspective on it.  Firstly, I relate to a lot of what you've said. I'm not a very social person, I keep...
Moonious   Please see a doctor. It's not normal to have a headache for 2 weeks.
The more I try to understand ISFPs and INFPs, the more I'm convinced they're just crazy. Crazy crazy crazy. I feel crazy just thinking about how they're crazy.  And now I'm experiencing semantic...
Oh so that's what you meant! Yeah if I were you I'd drop him right now and not look back. That's way overstepping boundaries and it shows he has no respect for you whatsoever.
BrownEyedGirl1  I don't know, I'm only going on what you've said. He might have a completely different interpretation and perspective on this whole thing. Just as there are reasons why you...
O.o  I'm sorry, but this is pretty ridiculous. I don't have anything else to contribute at this point. Good luck!
I'm confused. What does he want from you now exactly (other than getting you to do stuff you no longer want to do)?
Kajada   I listened to all of those bands when I was 15/16! [emoji14] some other bands I remember from back then... Trapt, The Killers, The Used, Blink 182, Funeral for a Friend... I also liked...
He does sound very immature. I wonder what type he is. Anyway, at least you know where you stand with him. I hope you'll stick to your values and not give in to his childish behaviour.
I don't seem to get excited about anything. I'm not sure if it's a personality type thing, or if it's something deeper. Does anyone else feel this way? And if so, what's your type?  Examples: ...
I was just kidding hehe ðŸ˜Š
Regardless of that, it doesn't give him the right to be a dick. It doesn't sound as if he is even trying to save your relationship/understand where you're coming from... and that's not a good sign....
I feel bad for you. He sounds like a dick. But I think it's clear that you're not compatible, so I hope you'll stop wasting your time/energy on this.
ferroequinologist  What do you mean by who you really are? What does that mean? I believe we can change what's on the inside, if that's what you mean. For example, I've had to work on being a...
BrownEyedGirl1  I never knew what that was like, until I got involved with an ISFP [emoji14] In trying to make sense of her, I ended up losing my balance and I ended up being very...
BrownEyedGirl1  I guess you fear being trapped for whatever reason, maybe it has something to do with your childhood. I know my ISFP friend didn't have a very good childhood. I can't say I...
BrownEyedGirl1  That's an interesting point you make about whether we're in fact the ones with the my way or the highway attitude. I think in some sense, yes, we are. We would like others to adhere...
That doesn't mean anything. If you want me to accept you and I want you to accept me, but were two different people with different needs, how does that even work?! lol. If you don't want to take...
If he gets angry and defensive, then you'll know he's a dick/not partner material. You would have saved yourself a lot of future BS.  Also, if he's straight up giving you the silent treatment for...
I wrote a long reply but I lost it damn :(  Why don't you communicate to him what you have to me here?  Asking how well endowed the guy was etc isn't reasonable at all. It serves no purpose. I...
Also, I'm going to say something and I could be totally wrong... but I suspect when a person comes along who accepts you fully, you won't care for that person. Maybe you will think along the lines...'"


260: '0 at 29. Can't see why I should keep it a secret. Facts are facts.
I could have gone either way on the last question... probably depending on mood.
Grown up in a mostly Christian environment but consider myself Agnostic or Atheist. If you would compare my views against whatever-religion I would probably be classified as an Atheist.  I see it...
Looking back at last vacation 3 weeks could be too long for me. The last week was not very productive. But I was somewhat injured too...    I feel the same and I blame it on my coworkers. I...
11... not that surprised.
Didn't work, diplomatic(balanced results) but I didn't fill it all out because some settings/questions were so unrealistic I just couldn't pick any of them.
Taken today a couple of hours ago. http://i1107.photobucket.com/albums/h381/A11ium/1.jpg  Edit: That is not my real hair color if that matters. Depending on the season, I am light brown or there...
I try not to but... 1 Mom, when being to inquisitive 2 People with bad intentions
1. Yes. 2. To my knowledge, everybody dies, including myself. 3. Hopefully and probably.  Guessing here...  Nurse: Allium, you have cancer. (Oh crap... whatever) Allium: So, what more can you...
Games: ...lot of interraction... that is how I would describe my taste to. And I hate crappy interfaces. As a PC user I am sad to see so many half-assed console ports(the porting, not the game)...
What I want I buy for myself. The things I want are too expensive for anyone to give to me as a gift. And do anyone know what those are? Next Christmas I will get myself a new bike, it is actually...
Someone needs to drink more water, and some fiber.
*Allium puts on his coat and glasses* Any idea why I usually score much higher S than N in other tests?
Leap? Still skeptical. Yes, NT-SP. Minimal spill on Chart-the-Course and In-Charge.  Scoring in # pins  Talent  tactical 21 logistical 10 strategic 20
Yes I am unsure. Mechanic? Possibly... I am atm gathering(and planing) parts for something I will build later.
INTP... as primary and... ISFP as secondary... right. Consider me skeptical.
Yes, frequently. I do smile though, if I like you and to my own thoughts.
Natural but my twin(NF) couldn't make it through the cords so she did it the other way.
Have been in love but didn't/still don't know if it was mutual. No vote cast.
Personally I don't think I own anyone, in a social context. I can't see how I as a silent bystander can own anyone. Perhaps you are seeing things that aren't there?  RafaelEnvoy: Finally a...
Just came home from a trip last week. It felt great to be free. I don't talk to people anyway so I didn't miss any company.
...hidden agendas... unexpected. I am going to derail the tread a little. I thought you guys(girls) didn't need to hide things. I understand you can't share them but maybe explain why you have...
I can imagine you to sleepwa... work. Awesome!  Seriously, I believe so. I think mine is showing me my true unregulated wish(hidden there somewhere) as unlikely opportunities presenting them self,...
Thanks for that one. Now I may understand myself better why I feel I need to do it my way.
You may not be an ISTP but that was a good post on this matter, in my eyes anyway. And only 21... siblings? Could you do this Keys 2 Cognition - Cognitive Processes ?
Who answers the questions doesn't matter much to me. How is more important. What I don't like is that she is phrasing it like it is the truth. What she(vel) think is suddenly how it is and there are...
I may(did you notice MAY?) know a female INTP. She is... well... could be dependable is she wasn't so EXTREMELY lazy. With that one you sure are going to pull most of the weight at home and at work....
@Vel, not everyone is like you and will feel like you do in whatever situation you are fantasizing about. What I mean is, your opinions are not facts so don't word them like that. This has already...
Books, almost never, when I do it is nonfiction. I do not want to experience another persons fantasy. I feel trapped and can not connect to the people involved. It is frustrating being locked down...
I would say I ignore unimportant peoples names, that is why I don't remember them. I will actually forget it in just one sentence while we still are speaking. I would guess my hearing memory is more...
Don't think so...
And I thought this was a sign of me being unhealthy(N?), glad it is common. Meaningless small talks and hugs. It is a torture and is a challenge to my patience. My own world is the only way out.
Sounds like me. I currently have TONS of data about a new possible bike(no motor) that I have been researching since summer. Will probably cost ~$15000. That is not a typo.  BTW. why that nick?...
A swear word may be heard, I think of more than I say though. My general speed increases and I get sloppy. I will be even less talkative than before, mostly giving very short political incorrect...
I'm taken but fine, not upset. You certainly made me see something I usually don't. My comment was to try to show I care. I leave when I lose interest, don't worry about me.
Looks like a common trait for ISTs.
My Fe is weakest of all. Yes, it get place 8 of 8. This is one of those test results if you can believe in them.  extraverted Sensing (Se) *****************************  (29.3) average use...
niss, not only do you save me at work but my life too!:happy:
I thought the ENFPs, liked us... not we them. So certainly individual taste... no absolutely, I'm not like the rest.  To you Kel28, someone less F?
Wow, there's a lot of depressing things to read here. :sad:  Maybe I should jump from a bridge, who's catching?:wink:
If I were evil I would say this... bluefaerie, you're off my team! And I have a hard time with sudden hugs from random people. ...but since I'm not I will say this much more constructive instead. ...
I got an INTP brother that got some skills with computers. We have both been into it although his programming skills is greater than mine. My stuff I do for a reason, there is something that needs to...
Yup, thats the stuff I played with as a kid. Now I play with more expensive toys.
@Madhatter, yes. But apparently not enough. Reading a description now... I say I use Si more than Se... and Ti more than Te. But I can't be TiSi/SiTi. The dominant and auxiliary can't both be...
Are we talking about the thing from Denmark aimed at kids? Plastic parts with electrical components and motors? Or something similar? Those space ships are included, if they are model toys.  I...
I will be political incorrect on this one(I am a 'T' after all). To me, honestly, you seam slow. At least with tactile stuff. And it surprises me people say that's just how it is. Is the diff. so big...
That made me laugh!  Blend? I am too lazy to blend. As others say, the less I need to touch the food the better. You don't mix ice cream and milk, that's work. You eat ice cream and drink milk....
At first when I first read about it I quickly narrowed it down to I_T_ by reading the descriptions. Now? I am still not sure. Mean just to be mean? Doesn't sound right to me.  The results seem to...
So far I have only been in one team that didn't suck, that I can remember. Well the individuals didn't suck anyway. Teamwork is not my thing and as the op. said. Surprisingly enough, I feel I have to...
Yes but I take care not to put others(civilians) at risk. You should never endanger others.  I also did an operation on my PMP. Fixed the extremely scratched and dirty screen by tearing it down...'"


268: 'ISTJ in university here, currently employed as an assistant librarian. In the past I've been a babysitter, clarinet tutor, shelver, and shop assistant.   If it pays the bills it pays the bills. I'd...
What do you see? A slightly pudgy and highly nerdy redhead who 90% of the time has a deadpan expression.   Would you want to be friends with this person (aka yourself)? Possibly.    What role...
Type 1 Gryffindor here.  I honestly expected to be placed in Hufflepuff or possibly Ravenclaw, but the Pottermore sorting hat has spoken. And even though I don't behave like a stereotypical...
Quite frankly, I prefer being given money. That way I can spend it on something I actually need. I'm quite awkward with the whole receiving-presents thing in general though >.<
Ah, let me see. Things that bug me about myself include:  1. Always needing to have the last word in. This is especially bad since I live in a family where everyone else needs to have the last word...
Oh no, I don't do the crying thing. Especially not in front of others.  I've also sworn to myself that if I do end up crying in front of people, that it NEVER be in a workplace environment. I...
Stacey's mom, has got it goin' on...  It's playing on a loop in my head T_T
Dear one specific ESFP who is on my nerves right now,  Not everyone is you. Get over it.  Sincerely, Your irked ISTJ friend
...I think that's how I like to imagine inner-me sometimes xD
I'm not really a fan of the sparkling vampires. Haven't even sat down to Eclipse yet.   I may watch it though, if only to see Taylor Lautner ^^
...I'm trying to come up with a completely logical answer to that, but in the end they all boil down to because you're supposed to! xP  Gah, not the Puss in Boots face! Must - show - no -...
Rant:  Why can't people put the caps back on juice bottles, toothpaste tubes, and glue sticks when they're done?!  It is really not that big a deal.
My mum used to make me play tennis as a child, although I am probably the world's most awful player as I am now ^^ I also used to be a green belt in Judo, although had to give that up when we moved...
ISTJ here.  My best friend is an ENFP.  For some reason, we've never argued once.
Amen! I haven't had parental help with homework since...elementary school XD Mostly because my mom kinda fails math as bad as I do so >.<
When you mentally finish the above concluding response with I'm right.
When you turn into a complete and utter hermit during the most important exam period of your life and refuse to go anywhere except the library or to think about anything other than study material.  ...
Yep, the leftie XD My normal photo face looks something like this: -.-
My attempt to smile...makes me look like a creepy robot >.< Fail smile is fail. I did LOL at it though XD  Observe: ...
It's probably the most evil thing I've done in my life XD
How do you show that you are romantically interested in someone?  I don't >.< Unless you count going bright red, falling down stairs, walking into walls, or choking on air. The more attractive they...
Mother  Like - Trusts me (enough to let me borrow the car) - Is prepared to help in the event of major emergencies - Makes an effort to get along with everyone - Is self diciplined enough to go...
Yes. To the point where my grandpa unquestioningly accepted that Pride and Prejudice involved Elizabeth and Charlotte eloping, Lady Catherine becoming a stalker, while Mr. Darcy and Mr. Bingley were...
I've been driving for almost two years now - although only recently have I received my P Plates. Under the law here, it is required that a learner driver (with L plates) complete 120 hours of...
Would you consider writing a hobby of yours?  If yes, when did you first take an interest in writing?  What sort of things do you enjoy writing the most?  What sort of characters do you prefer to...
To be honest, marriage and children aren't anywhere in my life plan. I think there's a...fixation in society about 'needing' to have those things in order to lead a fulfilling and complete life. If I...
My best friend is an ENFP, and we've never fought even once ^^ I find her to be warm, compassionate, and vivacious. By far, she is the most affectionate person I've ever met - though if we weren't so...
What I do for exercise primarily depended on what sports were available each term at school. All through the year I have done taekwondo twice weekly. In Term 1 I additionally had badminton twice...
...when your self-discipline absolutely crumbles at the sight of chocolate XD
I'm in my final year of high school, and I'm taking:  - Advanced English (+ Extensions 1 & 2) - Mathematics - Chemistry - Japanese Continuers - Legal Studies  Currently I'm looking at...
Agreed. Crying I see as an indication that an individual has been placed  in a situation they are incapable of objectively managing. It would be  understandable if they had suffered from anything as...
To create clones of Bowser O_o  All I can say is, thank goodness it wasn't clones of Edward Cullen.
Even if I don't know all that much about a topic, I actually can find most subjects interesting provided the other person knows what they're talking about and I can learn from them about it. But the...
Woah, seems taekwondo is quite popular :]   When I was a kid I took Judo classes (and was the only girl in them), which focuses on throwing and holding an opponent rather than kicking and punching....
I actually went extremely health-conscious a while back, and am probably going to do it again when I start university. The only fast food that I ever really eat comes from McDonalds or occasionally...
Aw, thank you! ^w^ I did miss everyone here so it's rather exciting to return!
I was remembered? XD *feels cool*  Thank you though! I was caught up in exams so went on a bit of a self-imposed ban on recreational computer use ^^ It's great to be back!
At the moment, my room is extremely messy, and it's really starting to bother me >.< There are sticky-notes all over the walls with maths equations, and textbooks all over the floor because they...
I become a little awkward when I see people cry in general. I tend to feel like I should approach them - even if I barely know them - and ask if they're okay, if they want to talk about it, and if...
You know you're an ISTJ when...  ...you're preparing for a job interview 3 years in the future, writing out every potential question you could be asked and the best possible answers you can think...
1. Can you type without looking at the keyboard? Yup.   2. Do you use all 10 fingers while typing? I've seen some people typing with their index fingers. O_O Yes, and I don't see how people...
I started to feel alienated from about the 5th grade - after that I was only popular when it came to finding a partner to do projects with.   It takes me for-freaking-ever to make friends. Back in...
What irks me today:  Finding people twice my age immature -.-
Aussies as a culture swear far too much I think >.< I think in general it's too casual a place - in Hong Kong, no one would dare be seen walking around in flip flops, T-shirt, and a pair of shorts...
I think I'd be a better coworker than friend to myself >.<
When your friends invite people you don't know or trust onto group holidays that you've been arranging. Especially when there is limited accommodation, and the place needs to be kept clean because of...
Do you swear/cuss/curse? Yes  How often would you say you swear? Rarely  Why or why not? It's not ladylike - but if it's first thing in the morning I really don't care. Although I find...
Character is doing the right thing when nobody's  looking. There are too many people who think that the only thing that's  right is to get by, and the only thing that's wrong is to get caught.  -...
Easily intimidated? More so than I would like to admit. Not so much in the sense of physical intimidation though. For example, I can find some teachers very intimidating, primarily because my...
At school, I use Google Chrome, as having it configured to the intranet enables me to access my timetable through another program. Also, I have Mozilla Firefox for home, as it has the feature iMacros...'"


269: 'You can say that about a lot of online tests. It's no wonder we all get confused!     Riso/Hudson correlated enneagram type Two with Jung's Extroverted Feeling type, so a One with a Two wing...
For what's it worth, I'd say the converse is also true. That women are expected to be emotionally open and share things. And that, likewise, for some women (not just female ISTJs) this isn't how they...
They still work fine for me, but sometimes this forum is temperamental when it comes to loading pages, you could try googling the titles of the threads and see if it works that way?
Thank you, and generally, no. I did get ISFJ once on 16 personalities, but I always thought their test operated under the principle of thinkers are completely heartless and hate people so didn't...
I wouldn't worry too much about the tradition idea if everything else feels ok to you. I don't care for traditions either, and you'll probably find the majority of ISTJs on here would say something...
Yeah, the bluntness does get us into trouble from time to time! Over time we can learn to prefix our comments with stock phrases that make them sound less direct or blunt, but we have trouble because...
This is basically the story of my entire socially inept life! Growing up with an INFP sister, I learnt the hard way that responding in the ways your colleague does for some reason doesn't really...
Always happy for alternative perspectives, I'll give Krayfish's questions a go :) Question away as you wish.   1) Is there any uncertainty regarding how you are currently typed?  Why/Why not?  What...
Personally, I love NFPs. I find them really easy to talk to and fun to be around.   Can you give an example of the rudeness you've experienced or some further explanation as to why you think ISTJs...
I think one of those buggers is the cause of my phone kicking me off this site when I try to access it sometimes. If you kill the page before the script starts, it's fine, but it's annoying.   The...
I think your Si questions were fine :) But yeah, I don't relate to Se at all, so in that respect I'd always get a lower S score than T because I can somewhat relate to Ti traits. I think both Si and...
Least Preference answers: 1A, 2D, 3C, 4C, 5B, 6B, 7C, 8B, 9D, 10A, 11D, 12A, 13A, 14D  Sensing: 3 Intuition: 5 Feeling: 4 Thinking: 2  It was really the N ones which were least like me, but...
My answers: 1D, 2A and 2C (can't choose!), 3A, 4B, 5C, 6D, 7B or 7D, 8D, 9A, 10C, 11C, 12B, 13B, 14A  Results:  Sensing: 3 Intuition: 2 Feeling: 4 Thinking: 7
I got ESTJ for this. I'm ISTJ, very definitely introverted. I got ISTJ on the latest revision I took of your last one.   I'm guessing I scored higher on Te than Si and while I'd say I use both all...
I don't have the book but I'm assuming this P/J description forms the basis for the book, and that description strikes me as a really confusing way of explaining J/P.   I can't say I'm a fan of the...
If we're doing *NOT MY PHOTO* then I really liked this one:  https://twitter.com/IMS/status/899720605393715200
The irony here is the one thing I remember as a kid being taken to airshows regularly (it was my dad's thing) was the mud. Big muddy airfields with open air and grass. It's been a long time since I...
A couple of pics of one of only two still airworthy Avro Lancasters from the Croft Nostalgia Festival earlier this month. Soon after this display, they grounded this (and other aircraft) over safety...
She definitely looks happy and well loved in the photos. It's awful when pets go because at the end of the day, they are still our family. Sometimes there's nothing you can do, sadly, and you're...
What specifically constitutes a 'true attempt' to understand though? In response to the OP of this thread, how is a sensor supposed to react? If we were to ask for specific examples (which is often...
I'm kind of disappointed that there haven't been any other replies to this yet, but I appreciate the SJ forum is the deadest place on personality cafe. Nothing like a dead forum to help you feel...
Squirt  I'm not sure if this is a Si/Ni thing or if he's just bad with conversation generally and getting his point across. I can see an element of a need for concrete details here though so I'll...
This makes no sense. It's a ridiculous notion to suggest we live in an ES society then admit that certain factions of society (in this case the internet community) conform to an opposite type....
It's a trolley! :tongue:  Buggy is another term for a pushchair here (which I believe is a stroller in US English).     Breakfast-dinner-tea where I'm from. Although lunch is used for mid-day...
You can fix that in Settings in your profile.  Click 'Settings' next to your user name in the top right corner Go to 'General Settings' on the left hand menu (under My SettingsMy Account) Scroll...
It'd probably be rubbish bin, or just bin really in the UK. Although given most (all?) councils these days provide ones with wheels, they're more typically referred to as 'wheelie bins'. Though my...
Thanks you as always niss. I enjoyed reading about the yo-yo. I'm guessing I'm guilty of this far more than I anticipate.
Thanks for this, seems a fair assessment. I always wonder about Ni over Si because I see so many things attributed to Ni that I relate to, although I suspect they're just more introverted traits than...
I don't really know that much about crustaceans but...  I'd probably be something like a forward walking crab. Just to be awkward.
This is exactly me. I might occasionally use the office scanner for personal things (though it'd be personal admin where you need a scan of a document rather than anything that would count as...
Instinctively I always found heavy Te and Ti users pretty easy to spot, though I think that is more because high levels of Ti tend to irritate the Te in me!   I think the easy way to tell the...
I score mostly ISTJ. Some online tests give me INTJ. Cognitive functions based tests often type me as INTP (and less commonly ISTP) I think because of the way some of the Ti questions tend to be...
I don't know if I know much about ESTJs specifically, but I'll give you my ISTJ point of view (sorry, this is a bit long).   Stereotypes  I think it depends on which stereotypes you're going on....
Honey & Mumford Learner Types (1986) Online Questionnaire  I had trouble getting the quiz on the first link of yours to work properly. I got it to work earlier on my phone, but couldn't read all...
Thought I'd have a go at this, mostly for fun, but interested to see what your analysis is.   1) These are links of two different photographs. What is your interpretation of each image? What comes...
This is such an old thread; I'm amazed how many ISTJs there used to be on here! But I like these sorts of things so I'll answer :)  What are your religious beliefs? None really. Loosely brought up...
Hi  Turi, I didn't know if you were still doing this but curious to know your input.   You are driving along and your car breaks down in the middle of nowhere - you do have phone reception and...
Pretty much what's been said above. I do this all the time. I'm naturally skeptical of anything highly mainstream. I mean people voted Hitler into power so...     Definitely me. I was the one in...
Natura11y  Based on your posts in this thread and the other one you started, I think there are three main options from here.  1. You keep going to your current gym, carry on as you are and keep...
Five is my second closest type in enneagram, and mostly found among MBTI introverted and thinking types. I'm not sure I ever mistook myself for a Five but I did consider it when I first started...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wioh5qUj7fM   For anyone needing more information...
While I think in some respects it's easier compared to a romantic relationship, my older sister is INFP, and while we were always very alike in some ways, the attention needs/clingy-ness (I don't...
Ironically, it's probably some chauvinistic marketing executive thinking It's the mums that normally buy stuff for kids, but they're feminists, so we'd better cater to the girls as well, twice the...
chad86tsi  As a precursor, I'm 35, single and have no intention of doing anything constructive about that. I don't crave romantic relationships like other people seem to, and to be honest, my...
For me personally, no. I like practical stuff of course, but that's not all I'd want. I'd be good with the post-it-note in the lunch bag, but not with the work book*. But it's a personal preference...
I've noticed this problem also transfers into my Subscribed threads, which are suffering the exact same issue.   Edit: Clicking the most recent post button in the ISTJ Rant/Rave Thread also...
You know, the whole internet introverts are cool idea doesn't help this. I see a lot of people online claiming to be introverts and yet not seemingly understanding what introversion is in the first...
I just went back and read that post. I have no idea what answers you're looking for. Some of the questions you ask have already been answered by your wife (which you acknowledge you need to learn to...
This popped up on my social media today...   692274   jcal  I'm the cat, obviously.
Duplicate'"


367: 'When I am depressed I tend to totally stop caring and doing the things I feel are important.  For instance, things like cleaning, exercising, and doing the best I can at school and work fall apart. ...
It sounds like you have been hurt quite a bit, and I understand that coming at me with such strong language is almost a natural reaction.  You want to shield me from the pain that you dealt with.  I...
My girlfriend is a christian. I am not sure if I would say strong, she hasn't gone to church in a while, but she talks about god in a way that shows that he means a lot to her. When she was younger...
Thanks for apoligizing.  I appreciate that.  I know you all mean well, and I know that people who have been burned in a relationship often have very strong feeings about this issue.  You've been a...
Listen, I am trying to be reasonable here regarding a very difficult and hurtful situation in my life.  If you want to poke fun at me and my relationship why don't you just find someone else to do it...
Well, everyone's different.  I can bet if my girlfrend posted on this forum 3 years ago about my alcohol use and the negative consequences that I had from it most of you would tell her to leave me...
Listen, I am proceeding with this relationship with caution, not unbridled optimism.  I have made my decision and i'd really rather not hear all this doomsday crap from you guys.  I know your well...
That's all well and good.  I never meant that everyone who has been cheated on who posted on this forum gave me advice I wanted to hear.  All I am saying is no two relationships are alike, and I...
Alright, I think at this point I have made myself clear.  I am going to stay with her.  I know myself and my situation best, and I believe I have made the best decision. I want to thank everyone for...
Rawsugar, I think I did set boundaries, not rules.  Maybe I misspoke earlier.  But I told her what my boundaries are.  Personally, I think it is inappropriate and dangerous for a man or a woman in a...
Alright.  I get it.  We'll see a therapist.  We'll see one soon.  I don't want to see one right this moment.  However I am thinking in another few weeks I'll feel more up to it.  I called my...
Ryan,  Thanks for the advice.  I am not going to break up with her, however I do see your points that smothering her, regulating her, trying to keep tabs on her, etc. may just push her farther...
This is going to be very hard indeed.  One of the biggest problems that I have with my girlfriend is communication.  She finds it VERY hard to communicate with me.  Around her, I can talk to her a...
Thank you everyone for your kind words.  She did tell me recently (a few weeks back) that she feels horrible about what she's done, she won't do it again, that she does want to be with me and me...
I should add that I don't want to make my girlfriend out to be some monster.  For the first 3-3 1/2 years of our relationship she was sweet, caring, and supportive.  I wonder if living in my house,...
I had a pan fried steak for lunch, with a side of green beans.  Oh yeah, I broke out the A1 sauce too.  I must have the A1 when eating steak.
I am an ISTJ, but I might be an exception to the rule when it comes to substances. I have had issues with drugs and alcohol in the past.  I suspect most ISTJ's don't, but then again most of my...
I am 23.  I know I am still young, and trust me I want to wait at least another 5 years before I have kids.  I guess I just fear not having that person around to have children with.  I don't know...
Buying is better then renting in this economy. Especially in my area.  I have been saving all of my money up for years to buy a place.  I am in the real estate business, and trust me, it is cheaper...
Thanks for the advice, but maybe I should elaborate.  I live with a very toxic, abusive narcassist, my mother.  She is one of the most extreme cases of narcissism you would ever imagine.  She calls...
Funny, I always use Head and Shoulders.  No substitutes, unless it's the generic version from CVS or something.  I see no point in trying any other brands because Head and Shoulder's has always...
Something also just occured to me today.  I have no problem cutting off contact with family members and friends who do abusive things or betray my trust.  I do it quite easily.  It's just when it...
I want to thank everyone for your insight, advice, and support.  I wish I could tell you guys I have made a decision, but I am going to need some time to reflect and absorb all of this for a while. ...
What pisses me off the most is idiots who wear their pants on their ground on the corner trying to talk to women with statements like Hey girl you look hella fine in them jeans.  Can I get your...
I agree, I don't like the pot smoking, but I tolerate it and asked her that she uses it moderately.  However, I smoked pot for 7 years before I quit and I never did anything that stupid.  Drinking,...
We are very different people.  I am very introverted, serious, and desire to have peace and quiet.  She is more of a free spirit.  She likes going to concerts.  She listens to very heavy punk music. ...
Well, I probably should exlpain more about our relationship so all of you get a better understanding.  She has suffered from depression problems as well, partly because she came from a very abusive...
Jenny,  Thanks for your kind words and support.  My girlfriend told me about the affair one night. She burst into tears and spilled the beans.  I guess the guilt was too much.  I am surprised she...
Hey everyone,  I found out 5 weeks ago that my girlfriend of almost 4 years cheated on me. She had unprotected sex one time with another man and didn't tell me about it for about a month, despite...
You belong in the gutters with the rest of the rat vermin over here in San Francisco.  You sound like a deranged liberal who's off your meds.  Have you sold all your medication again and won't get...
Wow, what insight you have.  My whole entire day is ruined now.  Whether or not I used kind language, most liberals would still would have written me off after my first post.  The way a liberal...
The autistic spectrum was made up long after autism came about.   Autism has become a trend among mental health professionals.  You must remember, mental health diagnosis by the psychiatry industry...
I tip around 10-15% when I am getting food delivered.  When I am going out to eat I tip 15-20%
Although I am an ISTJ, I thought i'd post anyways.    I am a recovered alcoholic.  So when I drink now and days, I set a limit at 4 beers and make sure I never go over that and get drunk.  Yes...
I think you need to see your psychiatrist and ask him to lower your dose of prozac....  The reason we have such high costs of health care in America is because of regulations, government...
So much for the whole idea that liberals are tolerant of other people. Your comment shows exactly how intolerant and hateful liberals are.  You sound just like the caller in this video.    ...
I wanted to start a thread about people's favorite places in America.  I am a huge geography buff, especially California geography.  In my free time, I travel all over California, trying to discover...
Thanks Great One.  Finally, someone who actually has a brain in this thread.  Too many people in this forum spout off everything they heard on the Daily Show or from their commie professors and...
Did you even watch the video?  It was smuggled to the US by a cuban doctor who had nothing to do with Fox News.  Fox News just reported on the footage this guy brought back.  Regardless of whether or...
I am a huge dog and animal lover.  I have a dog named Midnight, who just turned 14 yesterday.  My girlfriend and I bought her a doggy cake and put candles on top and sang her happy birthday.  There's...
First of all, truly autistic people have severe mental and physical handicaps.  This is really a troubling comparison that the original poster has made.  I blame the psychiatric industry mostly,...
I am sorry that you are going through this.  Friendships can be difficult to mantain, especially in a time where grad school, marriage, and other types of life changes are happening among people...
An appropriate response by a marxist who just lost the argument.  You lost when you pulled out the wikipedia reference.  :tongue:
Listen, if you're going to pull quotes from wikipedia it's not worth having a conversation with you.  Your obviously a socialist and you are obsessed with the government running every part of your...
I hold grudges because it lets others know that what they have done is so unnaceptabe that I have to stop all contact with them.  Being a recluse myself and only wanting a close circle of family...
Why do almost all other country's members of government come to America for treatment when they or their loved ones get a serious illness?  If there own medical system was so great, why do they...
I stay stick with it.  I'm sure you will have to take classes in different areas of psychology (i.e. abnormal, developmental, child, etc.).  Maybe you will fall in love with one particular area or...
WOW, thank you so much for speaking up.  I am a white man, and I have been in a relationship with a black woman for 3 years.  She is the LOVE of my life, and she has experienced a backlash like you...
I've alredy began posting, but I noticed there was a section of the forum that allowed you to post an intro.  So i'm here to introduce myself.  I'm Andrew and I am 22 years old (23 in 5 days), a...
I am guessing you must be a fan of Rand and Ron Paul then?  I like them both,  but I tend to like and agree with Rand Paul more, because he is a bit more of a conservative then his father, who is...'"


460: 'I really am coming to detest online dating sites. Zoosk, eHarmony, Match.com, whatever....no one there who creates a profile ever seems actually intent on talking to anyone, let alone following...
I love gardening. I love the chemistry of aromatherapy and coming up with new concoctions. I am a reading hound, especially the Elizabethan period. I eat math for lunch. Statistics, calculus,...
As an ISTJ female, I have to go with the majority here and say...ask him...directly....  I have an ISTJ best friend, male, and I do that with him whenever I am confused about something he said or...
ISTJ Here :-)  What is your typical reaction to physical pain?  - I say OWW! Then look at the wound - assess the seriousness and think of how to avoid such wound in the future. - If it _is_...
I know this thread is a couple of month old - but I found it upon  interest stemming from a question my sister asked me. Please pardon the  'lateness' of the reply. I read through the postings. I am...
Love this. My thoughts exactly. And add.... Ignoring something I stated clearly and in the English language and then asking me again 10 minutes later. Another person mentioned people who ask for...
As an ISTJ Gardener, I think it is amusing - at least he tried!
I told you I loved you 2 days, 6 hours and 35 minutes ago. I was going to wait a few more days and tell you again.
When anyone tells you to stop being so emotional.
Set One: 1: How old are you? 43 2: What was your favorite subject in grammar school? Science 3: What did you want to be when you grew up? Oceanographer 4: Do you enjoy reading? If so, what...
That's a great perspective, Karen. When I first saw this thread, my immediate thought was Hm, I really am not sensitive to others' insensitivity, so it really doesn't bother me in general. Water...
I have a male friend who is an ISTJ and we're flirting with the relationship idea. I love the compatibility on some levels. He just gets me. I don't have to waste precious time or energy...
Singing
As I have grown older, I have learned to acknowledge - then get back down to business.  When my son comes to me sharing something Super, Happy, and exciting - I stop what I am doing, look him in...
Agree with the above. Time will heal things. Use your experience to figure out what you'd do differently next time :)
I have two things that seem insensitive to me: (1) same as many have said here; the assumption that I should just hop on board with the plan of the majority and (2) Calling me difficult or...
You are called distant and aloof when all you are doing is listening.
1.) Genius - I am a member of MENSA and other high IQ societies, so yes, I suppose I am.   2.) Psychopath - Hmmm, no.   3.) No feelings - Hmmmmm, no   4.) Atheist - Agnostic. Big Difference....
Really? Really. Wow.
Brood a lot? No, we think a lot. Perhaps sometimes too much. I think an important element here to consider is that, precisely, you cannot make an INTJ feel anything or be more anything.  Your...
Get Over It ~~ The Eagles
Every post in every thread could qualify for we're not all the same. It's so common it's irrelevant. It's also beyond illogical. Of course we're not all the same. Why is there a need to cry it out?...
Don't ask a question if you cannot handle the honest answer.
The greatest compliment I've ever gotten: You are so logical... No matter what happens it seems, you cannot fight logic. It may stare you in the face like the ugly hangover you wish it was...but...
Jon Stewart and Tina Fey
Phew! Thank the heavens :)
You should be proud! What a terrible, but wonderful story. I am proud of you. As hard as it is, forgiveness is the key to freedom. You don't have to forget. Our memories and experiences shape us for...
Don't back off too far. He wants to know you're there. He wants to know you love him and support him. As rough as this sounds he just doesn't need a mommy. Now that's not to say that's what you're...
You and me both!! LOL  So be it :)
I don't understand why people get so stressed about the holidays. In this case, the holidays are Turkey Day through New Year's Day. We basically have 10 months to plan for the emotional insanity...
I'd have to go with ESFP's and ESFJ's. I don't find rambling prattle endearing at all. I find I cannot listen to a person who interjects like and ummm every 3rd word, and I think in life there is...
Please tell me he doesn't currently live in Maine ;)
Fiscal irresponsibility is just that - irresponsible. Period. It matters not if there is one income or two. I had a two income family, and a healthy one at that, and my ex-husband's fiscal...
Forensic scientist
Coming from an IXTJ....  I am currently working on trying to really empathize with others;and to understand that you can say I'm sorry and it doesn't mean you're taking blame, you're simply...
To date, I've never had to hide anything in a rush and I never forget where I put anything. My aunt tells me I have what she's calls a ticker tape memory - I don't forget much. It just might take...
I'll make it a mission to pay more attention to the date of the OP and the last posted reply on the thread. That said, I have a suggestion to help future newbies from feeling as if they've committed...
I run Windows 7 and MacOS X  1. Google AdWords Editor 2. OpenOffice 3. VLC Media Player 4. FireFox 5. Avast! Home Edition
Hang in there - and welcome to PerC :)
I have two takes on this.  My sister is an ESFJ and though she drives me insane at times (and I'm sure its reciprocal), she is one of my best friends. She is a say it like it is person, which I...
I am posting here as an IXTJ :-)  When you remember birthdays, anniversaries, and telephone numbers for the last 20 years.
Nah - not old and cranky. You, my fellow, are an INTJ! Of course you get us :-)
To expand on this, its probably because society and generations have defined women as being a certain way or having certain characteristics, and INTJ females don't fit the mold. Let me qualify that I...
I have always been an INTJ. As I grow older, I find I know how to employ and use Te better and more efficiently. I serve on the Board of Directors for a nationwide organization and the folks there...
Perhaps, then, zombie threads should be removed by the administrators once a certain amount of time has gone by. Otherwise, if they still exist, they can still be responded to. The answer is to not...
Rusty -  I hope this helps.  If your INTJ Girl were done with you, the iron curtain would have come down and you'd not be talking to her anymore. As far as I have experienced (and I am one, to...
1. Sex is a way for me to emotionally connect with my partner. It validates our togetherness and allows me a small window to show how I care. That said, I seek it about once a month.  2. At 17. ...
I reveal myself less hesitatingly around my friends. I don't reveal myself at all to those I don't know. I had a boyfriend once who got very mad at me because after a year of dating, I didn't just...
LOL - we are out there! I know we're a needle in a haystack - but if you have the patience.....
I'll say it.'"


632: I initially thought that she was INFP, as she had that fairytale view of romance and often sung in metaphors.  However, she could be ESFJ instead.  She's always has a meticulous memory of names and...
I'm sure she's type 3.  https://www.thesun.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/nintchdbpict000307453122.jpg  Experiences with friends aren't about meeting the needs of others.  She may see herself...
Same here.  https://assets.vg247.com/current//2017/03/destiny_2_hi_rez_artwork_characters-2.jpg
I don't think all type 3's necessarily want to be the most successful of their kind.  However, I think a positive image is a significant part of what they desire.  I believe Taylor wants be admired...
https://i0.wp.com/justrandomthings.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/taylor-swift-look-what-you-made-me-do-video-stills-27.jpg?zoom=6.5&resize=731%2C238   Her whole life story is that of a social...
Taylor is way too self promotional and goal driven to be a 2.  'Look what you made me do' more than underlines the unhealthy aspects of type 3.  Type 2 tries to persuade by personal charm and...
Of course, nothing good lasts forever.  However, whatever happens to the national accounts figures, which are released in a weeks time, Australia will have gone 104 quarters without a recession.  I'm...
Australia has had a record 103 quarters/26 years without a recession and according the 'The Economist', it's also got 4 of the top 11 most liveable cities in the world.  If the price for that is...
Creative types are more genetically predisposed to carry the gene variants related to mental health disorders.  If entertainers talked and acted like normal people, they just wouldn't be that...
It didn't take too long, to answer my own question.  Nick Xenophon asks British Home Office to clarify citizenship status, could be embroiled in dual citizenship scandal
On a less surprising note, for a record 7th time.....  Top 10 most liveable cities: Melbourne no1 while Sydney has fallen out of top 10  :happy: Cheers to my fellow Melburnians!!!
More citizenship news....  Citizenship saga: Michael Keenan may be dual citizen of UK and Australia  Who will be next in this ongoing saga?
Both Australia and the US have cultures which value a strong internal locus of control.  However, a major difference is how they define success.  Whereas Australians equate success with: happiness,...
Policy changes are often done at the behest of political expediency rather than due to other considerations.  Although the percentage of people in Australia who report as gay or lesbian at 3.4% is...
It's been mentioned that Israel is type 6, on page 12 of this thread.
Although Trump is effective at using various persuasion methods and insults to garner the votes of: the poor, poorly educated and those with an external locus of control, i.e. people who value...
First of all, I see people of all enneagram types who are successful.  Being type 3 is not a prerequisite to being successful in a type 3 culture, or for that matter, in any type of culture.  I don't...
Naturally, if a person with an internal locus of control doesn't have the necessary ability, skills or knowledge to successfully achieve a goal, then that person would find that situation...
Locus of control isn't the end all and be all predictor of success.  There are many other factors, which can lead to a person to being successful.  The argument that could be made is since the...
At least some people are making good artistic use of the bollards.  That's not the only issue, in some places there are gaps where a car could be driven through.  They're just a cheap alternative to...
Generally speaking, an internal locus is considered a much healthier disposition.    https://www.fastcompany.com/1840496/how-your-locus-control-impacts-business-success  However, that depends...
You can always hang out in the aussie thread:  http://personalitycafe.com/travel-local-interests/100247-do-you-come-lands-downunder-192.html  Weather is one of the reasons why I'm still here in...
Cheers from Melbourne!
Have a 1st dan black belt in karate and a blue belt in TKD.  Have never been in a fight.  I read that 90% of black belts never get into fights.  Not sure whether that's true or not.
Refer to the poems in my blog.
I heard it on local radio.  There are many articles which draw similar conclusions.  Men are happier with a smarter wife - Telegraph  Men Who Marry Smart Women Live Longer | I Heart Intelligence...
Intelligence doesn't necessarily equal being adversarial and judgemental.  Furthermore, there was a research study which found that the happiest couples were where the wife was more intelligent than...
Yes, but only online.
If scrabbletray wants to be an entertainer, I suggest he change his final words (to something more creative) before being banned, yet again. ...
Having dupes doesn't automatically make a user permabanned.  Being permabanned does.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejYVZXyYZ7I
Scrabbletray; PerC rules apply here, not jailhouse rules!
Maybe, maybe not.
The six thinking types that are overrepresented amongst lawyers are:  https://leavinglaw.wordpress.com/2010/12/01/more-on-the-lawyer-personality/
I sense that this makes sense.
The funny ferret mod team doing our search for the danger noodle.  http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2016/02/17/14/314F016D00000578-0-image-a-22_1455718254454.jpg
I think that's yet to be established.  I haven't seen a photo of him yet and the pink bunny suit photo still doesn't constitute proof of race or gender!
I thought that would have been scrabbletray's jail nickname!
Thread Warning  Unsolicited type questioning, is a contravention of rule 1.  Further breaches of this rule, will result in additional action being taken.   1. Do Not Make Personal Attacks ...
Sure, Borat was a terrible movie, probably amongst the worst that I've ever seen, but hasn't the movie increased tourism to Kazakhstan?
In addition to contacts, only blue level or higher mods can view private blogs.
Mod reporting for duty!  If there's a shortage of buddies, I can do some interim buddying and I can also answer any questions that you have.  You can send me a request via pm.
Fantabulous!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONep89lM4wg
Congrats on getting to 3000 posts!  https://perthzoo.wa.gov.au/sites/default/files/jumbotron/Sunbear__h2q7567_1920px.jpg
Yes, you can get those in most parts of the world.  However, if ever I move from Oz, I'll miss these....   http://static.wixstatic.com/media/e4b6ff_3d43890af533447ab589e79c5056db30.jpg_256
Nah, I'm chewing on minty bites.  No room for alternate perspectives.
What's good or bad, is always a matter of perspective.  https://static1.squarespace.com/static/51b3dc8ee4b051b96ceb10de/t/53bf8e8fe4b0fd3182dcc6e5/1405062804507/?format=2500w  Wonder Woman Ã¢x80x94...
All the more reason to give concealed carry license holders priority, so they can protect the Texas lawmakers from the volley of tampons and sugar packets.
Any diabetic supplies, which includes sugar packets.  Apparently federal law prohibits discrimination against diabetics."


700: 'Her and I have known each other for over 4 years, we dated a bit last year, never got exclusive/serious, kept in touch and did things together, so she knows me pretty well :)     She's quiet around...
She's been texting me today wanting to have NSA sex, then that changed to just friends, as she is feeling alone and bored. At the same time she's calling me names again and blames all of her behavior...
The age is not a concern for us. I am very healthy, active, fit and not your typical 48 year old. Plenty of stamina and Go in me!   She is more of an I than and E while I am more of an E than an I....
I'm a late 40s male, ISTJ of course, though not an extreme one. Everyone who knows me swears I'm an E as I am very social and chatty and can be very Extroverted at times. I'm definitely and I...
Late 40s ISTJ, recently dated a mid 30s INFP. I loved her quirkiness, her free spirit, her sense of adventure, her feeler loving side, her love of travel, her love for animals. I did not like her...
She's 38, drinks heavily, self medicates, thinks it's a mans job/role to take care of her every need, emotionally and financially. She sees a therapist though it's my best guess it's not for root...
Amazing, you described my 4 month relationship with her, and then the past 4 weeks of her going at me over text since I ended the relationship. I'd love to help her, I just don't think it's my place...
As an update, I ended the relationship about 4 weeks ago after the events I mentioned in this thread/post. Wow, I have never seen so much evil and hatefulness, and threats, since then. She said...
As an update, I ended the relationship about 4 weeks ago after the events I mentioned in this thread/post. Wow, I have never seen so much evil and hatefulness, and threats, since then. She said...
Male ISTJ here and I am the same. I need to have a connection with a woman before we have sex. I have never had a One Night Stand and sex to me equals you are in a relationship. My buddies make fun...
I understood, and I appreciate your feedback.
This quote caught my attention. She was never good at eye contact. I love to gaze into a woman's eyes, especially during passionate romantic moments. She would look away and tell me it's too intense...
Agreed, I never asked about her problems knowing this from researching INFPs; I let her talk to me and I just listened.   And yes, I do feel like she was always trying to guess what I was doing and...
Her behavior is not cool, and she has done stuff like this in the past. This weekend she even said in the beginning it should be all about her, her needs, me taking care of her, that she deserves it....
I am a fixer, though with her I do not fix, I do not try to change her, I do not point out her flaws, I do not pick at her; I keep quite and just listen. I noticed doing so gives her what she needs. ...
This is exactly what she said this weekend after I initiated a break up conversation.   I initiated the conversation after an unrealistic financial request she made of me and when she also told me...
It's been a while since I posted here. I'm a male ISTJ, mid to late 40s, no kids, divorced for over 4 years. I've had one serious relationship in those 4 years with an ENFP. I dated another ENFP...
Should read INFP  It's been a while since I posted here. My 2 ENFP relationships did not work out, I ended them both. I then started dating another ISTJ. It was great a first but then we started...
You describe me, to a T. Especially the sex part!
Spot on with exactly what she kept talking about. When I tried to draw conclusion, solve our problem by stating we should she would say I am lamenting, I am feeling, all I need you to say is I...
???
Well said, and thank you. I want to wait until the end of the month, it's really not that long, before I move forward with my dating life. She feels worth it. I am getting on with my life...
I am happy alone. I spend a lot of time, alone, and enjoy being by myself.   No clue where you are drawing these conclusions about me from. Lets agree you don't need to reply anymore, deal?  :-) ...
Thanks man, great advice, wish I would have thought of that.   Note to self......
Okay, any advise on how I should respond to her?
Yes, they ARE easily hurt, which is a struggle for me. I hurt her with being passive aggressive a week before we agreed to Pause, as I was feeling hurt and upset about the whole crisis.   I don't...
Huh?
Here is my backstory with an ENFP I was starting to date: http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-forum-inspirers/221690-how-does-istj-learn-how-feel-if-they-want-relationship-enfp.html  The woman I dated...
Finaly email:  Hi <insert her name>, I hope you and <insert daughters name>are doing well.     I have been thinking about the money that I loaned you and your intention to pay it back. I have...
Thanks! I care about resolving this, closing this, and we both feel good about it.
I just checked her LinkedIn profile for grins and giggles. The loan I gave her was to bridge a gap between a lower paying job and a higher paying job. She assumed she had the higher paying job in...
I'll bite:   1. How are you in relationships? Kind of vague question. Emotionally I can be distant, I will shower you with small gifts. Sexaully, you will be warned as i am an animal and have a...
USA, and I thought about what I would do if she did not pay me, could I, would I, take her to small claims court. The answer is, No, I would not. It is one reason I kept the emails, as documentation...
I took your comments Dug and rewrote my reply. I realy do not care about a friendship with her. Though our breakup was amicable I have little interest in a friendship with her. All I really want to...
I'm listening and appreciate your feedback.
@BooMonster you are pretty much spot on with how I feel about this. I want to stop thinking about; it's the last thing between us and I want to close it up. But for her making such a big deal about...
Kudos to you as an ENFP to read this book. I wish all of my E types would reead this book too!
This, well said. As recent as 10 minutes ago I was called an Extrovert, yet again, because I am very social. Everyone thinks I am an Extrovert. I'm not, and I now, love it with all my new found...
I use to feel this way myself, until I read this book Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking  Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can&#39;t Stop Talking: Susan...
Using the suggestions here, this is what I have drafted as a reply to her last email reply on the subject (she sent the reply a couple of days after I loaned her the money). She used the word...
I think what I want from this is:  1 - Pay me back in full, one payment, when can you do this 2 - Pay me back overtime, how much and when 3 - Just tell me you are not going to pay me back  Any...
Amazing advice, exactly what I am looking for here, how to approach her as an ENFP and how to communicate with her. I was going to be direct and say something like I hope you are doing well. I was...
Well said. My female friend ENTP hears the same from folks in her social circle. I see her differently though. I love these qualities in her.
ISTJ here, male, and my best female friend is an ENTP and we get along VERY well. We talked about this last night, how the Feeling in people drives her nuts, especially when she just wants a Yes No...
She is the type, when she has money, she spends it. She wasted away family money, wasted away money she made from a good job before we met. She claims she gave it to friends and family to help them....
My ex ENFP gf always had money issues the entire 12 months we dated. She said she would never ask me for money then. I broke up with her for other unrelated issues. 8 months later she came back to me...
Volunteering and MeetUp groups: Find your people - Meetup
I did exatly what you recommend during our brief 4 weeks of dating. I'm not a jealous or insecure type to begin with nor did I ever blame her for where she is now with this ex husband stalker. She...
Not invading AT ALL. This is great advice.   My ex gf was an ENFP, and from reading your reply, probably not a mature one in understanding her NF and my ISTJ. The woman I recently started to...
47 year old male ISTJ. I have suffered from General Anxiety Disorder and Social Anxiety Disorder  all of my life. I quoted Disorder as I really do no tlike that word!  It's has gotten worse as...'"


945: AverOblivious  So i guess i alreally answer my question
I agree with you but i never been really good with grade even if i study alot ... At some point, i don't care about failling class, i know that will happens and it normal.  When i think about my...
For now i'm in a engineering program and my universities doesn't offer any degrees in buiness management...I have no idea how minor and major work here in canada .... I'm not even sure it exist... If...
No it doesn't wroth to throw away 2 years to do something else but if you don't like what you do and you look at the class you still have to do and don't like them, what do you do ? Keep suffering in...
But at some point it more than 2 years that left.... It may be 3 because i'm failling some class. At a point it frustrating because i work alot and it not rewarding... Also, some stuff that i...
Hi,  I'm posting on this forum because i don't know what to do. I'm now a universities student in a bac in information technology. It bean about 2 years that i'm in it but actually i don't like it....
You making me crazy !!!!
stop just meowning !!!!!!!!!!!
good bye
melon
100% of people who is born will die a day
death or alive
.
what the fox said ?
ps : To code you don't need a good computer ... You can look on https://www.codecademy.com/, there's tutoriel about programmation language but once you know one very well it pretty much the same for...
I prefer where waddle it more intteclectual lolllollolol
i wanna rock and roll all night !! and party everyday !
Never gonna run around and desert you
You're going to suffer !!!!!!!!!!!!!   evil laught
I want to win stop posting !!!!!!|!!!!!!!!!!!!!
if you want to work with other people and stay in the computer field, you can always do tech support i means you help people and you have to analyse the problem and find a solution. If you want also...
Sela   i really want to start to listen to agent of the shield, it is wroth it ? or not ? what'S the show about ?
INForJoking   Here a website that describe istj very well and i agree with it.  ISTJ Personality (Ã¢x80x9cThe LogisticianÃ¢x80x9d) | 16Personalities
I think you explained it very well right there.      Lol yhea you're right, it just that i thought not the same way as you wanted to say. ( i though like the stereotypical istj no feeling) ...
INForJoking   What do you want to know ?   Ethanol   Beautiful text.   I don't think it about struggling emotion because we know what we feel, i think it more being comfortable to say it. ...
Doktorin Zylinder   dam it look good thanks for sharing
Here another one :    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IF5TfnmV0k
Kitty23   Favorite caracter on supernatural it crowley and dean. I like the evil way of crowley and how he's being played. Also, i like dean winchester for his funny attitude.  Something i hate...
hmm you want me to make eat subway
There're not very good fast food restaurant lol it all the same thing or almost ....
Gilly  nha steak and cheese is the best at subway !!!!!
ahhaha lol   here in canada we still have tim horton that offer sandwich but they are not as good as subway ...
hell yhea i like it very much but way to complicated when you go there for the first time :) to many question !!! because you just want to eat a sandwich lol
this comedian is epic !! always making me laugh   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JteeiYgR1ss https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9UbKw4B0WQ
Here some that i can think about :  Spartacus blue mountain state how i met your mother supernatural friends house of card Viking Falling skies
Hey,  I'm very curious about what song make you automaticly smile whenever you are.   For me it those 3 songs.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jErJimwom94 ...
Stick to your goal know what you want and stop being afraid to fail.   Good motivation video here :    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41Zjh3AirjU  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjP9r-HU4fk
I'm not of fan of texting i prefer to talk face to face with the person. Also, i don't have a cellphone .... Texting can be usefull but again do we really need it ? Will it change your life ? Can't...
Yhea at our university to, i tried to look at teacher feedback to know which one is good or not. I know that companies looking if you have your diploma and that it in my field of expertise but also i...
You know i don't see myself as a pefectionnist, i see more myself like a hardworking stubbor person.You know when i was in high school i learn one thing : Always give your 110% to achieve your goal. ...
Necrox  You're not wrong that i'm studying to much, but sometime you have the feeling you're confidant and you fail the exam and that the wrost feeling.  Skeletalz  How do you plan yourself ? I...
Hi guy,  I need some advice. I'm now at universities (engeenering) and i'm kind of having a hard time to get good grade in general. Not because I don't work, I work alot (ISTJ) but i'm probably...
For the holiday i made delicious sugar cream ! and some date squares :happy:
Devour of the day - Good man
Welcome to the forum INFJWolves   Happy to meet you
Thank you very much :)   Good luck with your writting. Out of curiosity, since you are a writter, you have anything you write to share ?    Happy to meet you  E.M.Awriting
Sup guy,  I just joined this forum because i want to learn more about my personalities and others. I made mtbi test and i can occurs that i am an istj :). In the case of the ennegram, i've past..."


1001: 'LOL, of course.  Clearly your name is Mike, Bill, Bob, or something like that.  ;)
I totally relate to both of you, since I was given what I consider a boy's name at birth.  Yeah, I know, in the US there are more female Robins than male, but consider the *famous* ones, and they're...
I know a Mr. and Mrs. Lenard, and they put the accent on the second syllable.
As an ISTJ, I must comment on the Grape Nuts.  You have us correct, but All-Bran is a much better relief for constipation.  :laughing:
Have you ever thought of answering, T-H-A-T?
Well, YOU are certainly going to be a delightful presence around here!  I'm already enjoying your posts.
LOL, my parents didn't even GIVE me my rare name.  I changed it as an adult.  And I think I chose right, because I have encountered only one other Raya.  And that was a changed name too.  :crazy: ...
You make only the 3rd Nedra I've ever heard of.  :)
Francisco?
Well, I'm definitely an SJ, although a year ago I tested as a wavering INFJ.  The N and F were borderline, and have decidedly shifted to the S and P side now.  A year ago I married an ISTJ husband; I...
I am a knit-wit.  This includes all kinds of needlework--knitting, crocheting, sewing, needlepoint, embroidery, etc.  I enjoy music.  I play the keyboard, but not well, and I sing.  My taste...
I didn't read through all 6 previous pages.  Has anyone suggested European American as compared to African American Asian American Latin American, etc.?  I also check other on...
My husband, whose name is Michael, never knew until I told him today what his name means.  He had just figured it to be the name of an archangel, and left it at that.  I pointed out the meaning to...
Haha, no.  Elizabeth says she's definitely no Marcia, but Tiffany is rather Jan-ish.  Our Cindy was named Jessica, and died as a baby 21 years ago.  :sad:  Mike only has one son, not three, and...
Hate.  Fighting.  Prejudice.  Corporate greed.  Puppet politicians.  I'm asking the impossible.
Big animal lovers in this house.  We have three cats who are members of our family, one of our favorite channels to watch on TV is Animal Planet, and we'd get MORE animals if we had the income and...
Is Mrs. Lowjob's first initial B?  I heard of a man who was very uncomfortable with the military policy of using the first initial and the last name on everything.  Because his name was Paul Enis.
I also knew a Kimberly Wemberly.  And a Yvonne Van Valkenburg.  Hard to say, that one!  And a Thomas Thomas Thomas.  Yep--first, middle and last name all the same.  Among the funniest I've ever heard...
I just recently saw Gordon Lightfoot in concert.  He is one of my all-time favorites, and I'd been wanting to see him since I was about 9 years old.  Finally got to.  The man is nearing his 71st...
Hubby says he sucks with words too.  And he pretty much does... it's just not a gift of his.  Maybe there is some other way you can communicate.  We met online and started off with e-mail, then...
To the outside world, I guess my husband and I look boring.  Conflict between us is rare, and then usually due to a misunderstanding rather than a personality clash.  Most of our time together is...
Well, the I and the J are the same as before, and they've been pretty strong aspects of my personality.  The N/S and F/T have been borderline and could go back and forth.  I suspect my husband has...
We like to sit together and watch grass grow.  :tongue:
I appear to be an ISTJ, married to another one.  Our marriage is working beautifully.  I am convinced we are soulmates.  Even though we are both shy around the public, we are never at a loss for...
A year ago I tested as an INFJ, kind of wavery on some of those.  Now I test strongly as an ISTJ, and what's more, so does my husband.  What is happening?
Washington, the state as opposed to DC.  I had tried to register as simply BradyLady, but it was taken.  :confused:
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!   Oh yeah?  Well......... http://www.modernpooch.com/archives/killer.jpg
Interesting that I said this.  I'm having a conflict now, on another message board where I had been on staff, because someone wronged me and all I'm asking for is a simple apology, but apparently...
No, just a pic I found on the 'net and thought it was cute.  I love Jacks, but they're too hyper for me.  :tongue:
I'm an INFJ, and I listen mostly to stuff nobody else likes.  :)  Country, soft 70's rock (Lobo, Firefall, etc.) and other schmaltz everyone else complains puts them to sleep.
Hello.  I'm a new INFJ and must say I'm enjoying this thread.  God bless America, am I gullible!  I'll believe any sob story given to me, and empty out my pockets to help someone who in the end...
Lion King is my favorite.  I also like Enchanted with Amy Adams.  :)
Hi.  INFJ here, a little ambivalent on the N and J, but very much I and F.  At first I was afraid to join, so I'm just sticking my big toe in and testing the waters.  I'm feeling a little timid...'"


1051: 'react
boy
steak
stare
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUA2EzzWAC4
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2pu0m9iTo4http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUA2EzzWAC4
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2pu0m9iTo4[/URL][URL]http://www.youtube.com/ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2pu0m9iTo4watch?v=gc_http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2pu0m9iTo45tx7xRlg
dines
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99z3910TKIQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjbkmhtAsJo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RH76jGNS0i0
crash
beers
Sassy
Lorax
paint
steer
reaps
scrap
I think that all these situations depend on who they are and how much you have in common. As years go by I find that life's experiences are a good way to let people know you and interact. The age...
Smear
I Sing To Jesus  I Swam The Jacks
Happiness:proud:
Robin Williams and Jim Carrey
I took the last coment a little strongly , and I apologize for the level of my response.
Since I am not 13 I find your retort, well childish.  Also since I am married to a ENFP I do not flake on them. Duty means always fulfilling;
epinephrine
Stuck on you- lionel Ritchie
How could she thank you when ISTJ's will clearly be the winner. I will fullfill my duty in this battle for ENFP's
I work with somone who is incompetant( slow, lazy, and  lacking in brain power). I find myself doing most of his work as well as mine. I am blessed however to get the respect from my bosses I deserve...
...
Well since my enneagram is The Loyal Friend I would say that I am that kind of friend.
garden
I tend to interested in things I like,but I am up to trying new things. As far as fashion I wear what I like not what is deemed acceptable. When I am tired I am less likely to want to do something...
I would have to say ENFP, because I am married to one who makes my life great!:proud:
I also go to music as a relief from trouble, but it always helps me. I especially like to listen to K-LOVE in these times.
:happy:
I would have to say music is and will be a big part of my life. I like most all kinds classical, rock, alternative, reggae, pop, jazz, blues. I have been to many concerts and enjoyed them all. I have...'"


1065: 'Haha, extremely sure. :-)
I hope it isn't too late for me to give my opinion here o_o but I will do it anyway... :P I shall separate them into physical and non-physical traits, because i'm organized like that.   Physical:...
My ex is an ESFJ, and we broke up because of similar problems to the ones you described. (communication, expressing feelings, and the way we both think). I was... very heavily invested in this...
To respond to your question, I tease people for the reasons of options (a), (b), (d), maybe (e). It's a method I use to get comfortable with people, so if I can tease them and joke around, it...
PaulFalcon I'm really sorry to hear about what happened. In my opinion it was most definitely a communication issue between the two of you, and that was pretty much how my last relationship ended...
ISTJ who failed an exam = it's never good news. You can't imagine the frustration we feel when we don't get the grade we want for a test :/  My suggestion is that you just be there for her. Don't...
Right now it's a Friday afternoon here.. and I am alone in my room attempting to work on my math assignment.  And suddenly.. I recall how we used to spend every Friday afternoon right where I am now...
Sigh. That's what I thought of at first.. just give it time and I will be okay. All we need is to get used to things right..? That's how most people cope anyway. What i'm surprised about is how I'm...
I read your reply one day ago and it has helped in a way. I sit across him in science class, and when I look at him and feel sad I just close my eyes and tell myself the person you once knew is...
It really makes me sad when breakups happen. All those times where you actually thought that the two of you would have a future together is all gone. And it also sucks how it's as if it never...
Sigh. Itâ€™s a sad thing to say but I guess youâ€™re right. Nothing I can do anymore if his friends have a stronger influence on him than I have. Itâ€™s just pretty sad how it was like it never existed in...
Well.. because thinking of the good times will lead to me missing the person that he once was. Good times are nice to think of but really, sometimes they bring back so much pain for me.  Haha, no,...
My ex and I broke up two and a half months ago. (Yes.. another heartbreak thread, sorry guys)  We were together for 14 months.  Towards the last few months of the relationship, we started to argue...
Haha, I scored highest on type 6, but type 8 was second highest. Which means I may have certain traits of an 8? I don't know the enneagram well enough to say that statement is defenitely right...
Things I absolutely hate about myself:  I can be really controlling to the people around me I hate it when I don't get my way Sometimes I want people to give in to me   I don't know if all...
I NEVER let people see me cry.  The only person that I was okay with crying in front of is my ex-boyfriend, while we were still in a relationship.  When I do feel sad and am about to cry, I switch...
I didn't read any of the posts before replying, so I'm sorry if I post something that has already been mentioned.  I doubt I'm an ISTJ when: - I cried while watching The Notebook - I watched The...
The first and third fit me best. If I dislike someone I wouldn't be very direct about it, unless the person has outrightly offended me or intentionally harmed me in any way. For me, I can always find...
Just thought I'd contribute for fun.  1. Do you like to wear a cap? No, caps/hats are not part of my wardrobe.    2. What brands of running shoes/sneakers are your favorite? (max 3) Adidas for...
my mother tongue is Chinese. I speak chinese and english at home.  I know a bit of spanish as I am learning it at school as a foreign language, and plan to start on learning italian at the end of...
My best friend is an INTP. There is no group, it's just the two of us. She lives in another country so in school I have a different group of friends. They are INFJ, ENFP and ESFP. Sometimes it's...
What conditions need to be met for you to be happy in life? Or... What is the main goal you are working toward in life? (i.e. for me it would be 1: I require freedom and autonomy as a minimum to be...
According to the test they took..  Mom: INFP Dad: ENTJ  Sisters: ENFP and IXFP Brothers: ISTP and a 5 year old who's too young to be typed  My maternal grandparents didn't take they test but I...
@WickedQueen: I see. how does queen's advisor sound to you then? :blushed:
Sorry for intruding but how do you INTJs not study or do your homework but do well for your exams?  I'd be lucky to get a passing grade if i went into an exam hall without studying :frustrating:
My brother who's 4 years younger replies me with 'Yes, MOM :dry:' when i nag at him to do his homework.   Whenever we go out, for example to the movies my dad tells me im the one in responsible for...
I'd be the Empress!   http://fc06.deviantart.net/fs5/i/2004/335/d/a/Winter_Empress_by_Chael.jpg  Kidding. I would choose to be the King's Advisor i think :proud:
The browneyes part of my name was because of someone i liked with the nicest hazel brown eyes i've seen.  94 (1994) was the year i was born, which was added in because browneyes alone couldnt be...
Prada Amber for women.  my favourite scent in the whole world :proud: I like the smell of rain too.
This sounds pretty much like him. :proud:   This sounds like him too. I'll follow what you said here :)    He is 12 and finishing elementary school, and to go on to secondary education he has...
He has interests in sports, and toys that require building or putting together such as Bionicles. I think you could be right about him being undisciplined. He does 'work' on videogames and toys for...
My brother is a 12 year old ISTP, with a very short attention span.   He is taking a very important national exam at the end of the year and he is very capable of doing well (he's the intelligent...
I'm 50% Italian and 50% Chinese. It was difficult to fit in when I was young because I live in Asia and I felt awkward about being mixed race. I actually told my parents I wished I wasn't mixed so...
Same as all the people who replied before me, i really dislike having my picture taken with or without my permission. I rather be the photographer. If i ever tried to take a picture with someone i'd...
I just turned 16. Found out about MBTI when I was 14, but took the test seriously and determined my type when i was 15. It was introduced to me by my INTP friend of the same age =)
I'm the eldest of 5 children. I'm the most hardworking of all my siblings, and the only lucky child to have a private school education among all the kids. The youngest children description fits my...
I've had a similar experience before of being really close to an ESFP guy and now we don't even say hi to each other in school. It's because i've got 'bored' of him and i find conversation with him...
Can ISTJs, with people they feel strongly about , be eager to please and want do anything to help the other person?  Yes. This is the same too for good friends, unless 'people they feel strongly...
Hahaha, don't worry. If he wants to be alone, i'm sure he's fine with it.  Don't feel bad, introverts are like that :)  But you can keep your offer to him open; you never know one day he might want...
I am just pondering about what I might consider taking in university in a few year's time.   And i'd like to ask anyone with a Bachelor's degree in english and english literature about their...
If i were living in the US - i'd go with Spanish for sure. It's more commonly spoken and learning other languages such as Portugese or Italian will be much easier for you if you take Spanish because...
#1. Self confidence: I've always had this fear of taking pictures, I skip PE class because I think I look fat in my attire and it's embarassing to do sports in front of so many people.  I always...
I agree! I currently am taking 3 languages in school and i am enjoying it so much. WAY more than math and science. :) in fact i wish i could take more than 3 languages but it's not possible at the...
My best friend is an INTP. We've known each other for 9 years but only been close for about 4 years. We have our little quarrells and misunderstandings, but it's all worth it because when we get...
The part about your friend's temper and beating her boyfriend up reminds me of myself. :) [ not that I've beaten up my boyfriend or anything, we just have very similar tempers. ]  Heh.
Things I like about myself:  -I'm Honest. Would never lie to parents or friends. -Reliable. Whatever I promise to do, will be done. -Helpful. Ready to help anyone who needs it. -Polite. =)...
Yeah. I once hanged out with a bunch of E_FP girls.  I was (still am) self conscious, quiet, NOT rowdy and most certainly NOT loud.  And they all were. Plus they were the type who liked hugs,...
THE SILENT, STRAIGHT-LACED GEM This girl is rather shy, quite studious, probably pretty conservative, and usually somewhat attractive in a sort of clean, traditional, classic way. Sometimes, her...
If i had 50 million dollars I would use it for education - first priority.  Then i'd get a decent house. And a car.  Then I'd probably save half of it just in case.  I defenitely would not gamble...
I think that we should make an AIM or MSN thread and gather together in a mass conversation to get to know each other!! maybe then new comers would stay awhile longer. :wink:'"


1091: 'It's pretty well-established that Thinking types are more common among men, and Feeling types are more common among women. But what is the most common Feeling type among men, and the most common...
I've never met anybody that I think was an ENFJ, INFJ, or ENTJ. I may have met an ESFJ and ISFP, but I'm not sure.
Atheist ISTJ. My ESTP father is about the most militant atheist I've ever seen. His issue is with the logical holes in religion, the way that others use it to manipulate people, and the way that it...
1. Define well. 2. Unfortunately, yes. /s Actually, I think that the thread went quite well. The wheels fell off pretty quickly, but I've learned a lot more about ENTPs from that than from the...
It's worth learning, especially the intertype relations. The basic idea is that all the types have access to all eight functions, but they only really want to use four of them.
I love interacting with Ne types, especially _NFPs. Two of my best friends in high school were ENFPs. My INFP sister and I used to fight terribly, but around the time she turned 13, we suddenly...
I can't stand it when an ISTJ wants to share every single piece of knowledge that they think is relevant to the conversation, or when they try to show off how smart and knowledgeable they are only to...
Perhaps examples would help clarify my intent in asking.  1. A relative insists on bringing several friends, who you do not know, to your birthday party, which will otherwise be attended...
As an ISTJ, I sometimes have difficulty understanding how ENTPs think. I'm particularly interested in how they handle moral decisions.  If you don't put stock in Socionics or functions, you can...
If it's a stupid procedure, I don't really care about it either. If I'm going by the book, it's because A) what's in the book works or B) I don't yet know what I'm doing and I'm relying on the book...
Some people think that Sensors are somehow inferior, and _S_Js (Si-users) in particular. This is because Si has a reputation as boring, obstinate, unchanging, and uncreative. Si-doms (IS_Js) are seen...
I'm terrible at -consoling people -knowing when to shut up -the math part of physics (I can understand a lot of the concepts, just not the math) -not procrastinating
When I strike up a conversation with a stranger at the bus stop and befriend them.
Systematic.  Even in my fantasies, I am systematic. I tend to reuse the same paradigms of action and organisation repeatedly, knowing which one is appropriate for the given situation (which is...
Judging by your avatar, perhaps ISTP. By your posting history, perhaps INTP.
The most romantic thing somebody can do is give me a hug. I'm a very touchy-feely person, though you wouldn't think it.  The worst thing you can do is give me empty platitudes. I hate fake romantic...
I__J. Ni-doms can deny facts while trying to make everything fit into their model of reality (Hitler (INFJ), especially towards the end of the war, and Stalin (INTJ), especially in the period leading...
I've known a few ENTPs. They're generally fun to be around; I enjoy their sense of humour and the aura of energy that seems to constantly roll off of them. However, occasionally, they can surprise me...
NB: if you aren't completely solid on function theory, or don't know what it is, read this. It's not the most accurate explanation of what functions are, and it veers into non-standard terminology,...
Take a look at my bookshelf on Goodreads. Lots of histories, books on linguistics and anthropology, but also a ton of fantasy, sci-fi, and other novels. Notably, there aren't too many classics. I...
I can cook pretty well, and I'm rather good at improvising. I tend to use lots of spices and try to find interesting combinations. My favourite thing to make is omelettes. I enjoy cooking; eating...
ISTJ here. NB: I rely pretty heavily on function theory here.  I absolutely disagree. Sensing is a pretty unfortunate misnomer, because it makes one think of the five senses and a focus on the...
The whole focus on tradition and rules with Si-doms is somewhat misplaced. When it comes to rules and traditions, i.e. existing systems, the reasoning is, This system isn't here for no reason....
My ideals tend towards the liberal end of the spectrum, but my methods tend towards the conservative end (and by conservative, I mean original flavour conservative before the term got hijacked by...
The best thing you can do is be yourself. We are extremely good at telling when somebody is being fake, and we hate it. Just be yourself. If he's not interested in you then, you're wasting your time.
If he's sending mixed signals, it's because he's trying to work up the courage to do something about how he feels. Ask him about his feelings for you, but do not be confrontational about it. For...
I like how you excluded ISFJs.  Introverted Sensing is just so... boring, isn't it?  /sarcasm  Actually, though, I think that INF_s are no more capable (ability is independent of type); they're...
Read this. Skip to the How-To Section if you're in a hurry (although I'd strongly recommend reading the whole thing).
If the drug can be reproduced, then I don't waste it on him. I take it to a laboratory to be analysed for mass production. But assuming that it can't be reproduced...   It's not my place to decide...
I very strongly disagree. That portrait captures only surface behaviour and not the underlying thought processes behind it, and it also contains a good deal of incorrect information.
For this post I'm going to assume you know about functions. If you don't, read this.  This is the Socionics description of the SLI/ISTp (Socionics SLI/ISTp = MBTI ISTJ). Importantly, it includes...
Trying to type yourself using the dichotomies (I/E, N/S, F/T, J/P) can be very difficult. I would suggest learning about cognitive functions. This site explains what functions are and how they work....
High-level Fe-users (__FJs), because Fe considers actions in terms of how they affect other people, and what other people will think. Fe-users are thus very concerned with what other people think and...
I don't daydream a lot. Usually in idle moments I'm just thinking about upcoming events in order of how soon they are, soonest first, or not thinking about anything, just watching my surroundings,...
ENFP. Same functions, reversed order, meaning that we share the same values, and that they are strong where we are weak and weak where we are strong, so we can reinforce each other. I'm a teacher...
I find passive aggressive behaviour difficult to sustain. I dislike it when others use it to try to send a message; I'd rather have them tell me what's wrong straight to my face, so I can fix it....
My mother is an ISTJ. We think exactly alike, and disagreements stem mainly from differences in opinion or experience and not from personality.
The thing about ISTJs is that we are absolutely terrible at gauging how other people feel, so even if we think somebody likes us, we do nothing, because that's the safest course of action, and we're...
Those descriptions are not that detailed. This description of the ISTJ/SLI/ISTp and this description of the ISTP/LSI/ISTj are longer, meatier, and more detailed.  It's easy to mistake a type for...
Where did you get the function stack Si-Te-Ni-Se? That's not possible in MBTI or Socionics. Socionics functions 1, 2, 6, and 5 = MBTI dominant, auxiliary, tertiary, and inferior, respectively. This...
I don't much relate to the bits about physical states; but if you edited the Si paragraph a bit, removing the word physical, then yes, I absolutely relate to it. I am very aware of what stimuli...
ISTJ here.  Image 1: I like it. It reminds me of structure and of fall, which is a time of year I like. It makes me think of slow but steady growth. Image 2: This is my favourite. It's a complex...
It does, to an extent. It's not perfect, but it's far better than anything else I've read. I'd suggest reading through all of the different type pages, if only because it's interesting and the...
I think the descriptions are short-sighted. For me, Si demands a constant input of information. I often find myself staying up past midnight reading or working because I can't bear shutting down...
I like it. It seems very honest, like you're doing your best to reveal to others your own way of seeing the world, without pretension.
Those descriptions were not very accurate at all, because they look at surface behaviours and not their underlying causes. Loyalty and reliance on tradition are just a couple of possible...
...This is entirely accurate.
ISTJ. Atheist.  I was raised an atheist. Having examined the facts, I see no reason to become religious. I find the concept of accepting an idea or ideology purely on faith, without logical or...
My ESTP dad taught me how to avoid taking things at face value, and to really think about things before accepting them as true (Se-Ti), which I've found to be an invaluable skill. He also taught me...
Kipposhi, birth name of Oda Nobunaga.  ENTJ.'"


1130: 'Had a dog growing up from when I was 8 until I left for college.  Lived without Pets for about 10 yrs until I got married and then had a dog and cat.  Now down to just the cat after the divorce. ...
E9 motivations temper the normal ISTJ tendencies a bit, especially the stereotypes (which feel more like E1 than anything else).    Also, whenever I'm encountered with a situation I haven't thought...
The most efficient?  Through real-life examples and by doing it.  I hated lectures and was never good enough to learn strictly by book.  I usually jumped head first into the homework and used the...
From my observations over the years... asking about which phone someone uses is like asking them about religion.  It's a deeply personal issue, and each person thinks their opinion is the correct...
There are plenty of reasons.    Hardware reasons (camera quality, screen size, removable memory, etc)  Network reasons (until recently the only network was AT&T... which is a reason to shoot...
This is an easy one.  He insists on doing those things because he sees them as being necessary and logical to do.  He sounds like someone who likes a clean and organized house and has deep religious...
You don't have to be a neat-freak to be an ISTJ.  It's more like... we put 100% effort into those things we value.  So if you value a clean house, you will put forth the effort into it.   ...
Hypocritical behavior.  Annoys the $!%@ out of me.
I do this with any candy I have.  Even if they taste the same (like M&Ms).  If they taste different, I eat from least favorite to most favorite.
Yea, I only tease those I'm comfortable with and like.  If I don't like someone, I won't talk with them (or be as curt as possible while being polite if i'm forced to interact with them).  Oh, and...
I laughed at this one.  I was a solid B average all through school.  Not because I couldn't get an A... but because I didn't want to put effort into those topics I didn't care about.  A's in the...
I'm protective of all my family... male and female alike.  Close friends as well.  Especially with younger members of family.  I may not be visibly protective in all regards... but believe me... i'm...
I'm an 9w1, so take this as you will.  I tend toward the apathetic side of an ISTJ on average.  So... goals and planning for the future.  I honestly don't know where I will be in 3-4 yrs, so I don't...
Weird, I had almost the exact opposite reaction to this than you, niss.  My initial reaction was meh.. whatever and moved along... but after seeing the second post from joco... It kinda pissed...
I would flip this around and say... why change the accounts to make it co-signers unless you don't trust them?  I understand if you are opening up a new account, etc.  Also, we just added each...
Allows both spouses to have full control of administrative functions, able to write checks, transfer money, etc.  It really makes no difference in terms of divorce or death benefits really... it just...
Welp, Being ISTJ-E9 myself I thought I'd have to throw my 2 cents in.  Two things are at work here.   1) The ISTJ'ness pride of being able to handle stress (amounts of which would cause others to...
I pretty much only use it to view photo's of friends/relatives babies... read about a few friends political sayings and see what they have eaten for lunch... :wink:  I hate the phone. (15 yrs of...
I tend to give the benefit of the doubt to people whenever possible.  I also try and see a situation from as many angles as possible.  To be honest, If someone does something that hurts another, I...
I tend to take peoples words at face value too much.  Trust people too much.  Put too much faith in them to not do something stupid, especially when they've done it once before (IE, have the...
It's always nice to hear.  As long as it's away from others and an easy response is acceptable.  Most of the awkwardness I have in responding is due to not knowing what to say at the time, or...
Totally agree with this.  I have to change all the time.  I work in IT... If I was resistant to change, I would have lost my mind by now.  However, there has to be good reason to change.  ISTJ's tend...
While I do value reliable and consistency in friends, I would never expect them to be available whenever needed.  They are not there to serve me.  Even with my SO, I was never the one that required...
I might have been tempted if not for the needing of my car during the day occasionally and without warning (to go onsite for customers) and in the last few years, dropping off the kid to daycare....
This is why I separate faith vs religion in my mind.  Organized religion is a collection of people with their own rules and beliefs in a collective.  People are fallible, groups of people can be...
Ah... to know then what I know now.... Things would have been much easier and I think more enjoyable.  The one major issue I had growing up was being afraid of being embarrassed in public.  As i've...
Hmm... social interaction within defined set of rules and a default topic of conversation (the game itself and strategy) available.  Not to mention that most board game rules are easily mastered...
Ha... with the amount of CSI and forensic shows I was forced to watch with my ex, as well as having a father that was a butcher... I don't think I would be half-bad at it.... :shocked:  but yea......
Push through it, I think Season 3 will be worth it.  Has been so far (a much different tone vs the second season).
Depending on how many miles per year you drive, this can be beneficial.  I've flipped a few cars that were high milage into normal to low milage over the years.  (had a 1-mile commute to work and...
Incessant observation and lots of time(which is why its a slow process).  You'd be surprised how core and character come through during those minor interactions people have with the world.  Even...
It also sounds like he's more self-aware than I was, being older and having gone through rocky relationships before... So it might be easier and never come to this, but I wanted to point this out. ...
Was brought up loosely United Church of Christ & Lutheran (mom's & dad's sides respectively)... and did senior year in high school in a private lutheran school (due to teachers strikes in public...
I would say this is a once-in-a-lifetime exception and even saying that... I would contend that watching the movie, then reading the book would still have been more enjoyable than the reverse. ...
The exact reason I prefer to see a movie before reading a book... if possible.  Movies cannot compete with the depth and imagery available to your mind while reading.
Heh, I remember hurting my foot on some stairs... Kinda hurt, but I pushed it from my mind.  Went to work the next day, moving furniture and cubicle walls around.  Foot still hurt, but nothing...
I neither cherish nor specifically throw them away.  Then again, it was a relatively amicable divorce that was a long time coming (plenty of time before it became official to adjust) and I still have...
The last trip I took was during a very unsatisfying and stressful time at work.  I decided I needed a break from them... So I took a trip... 5 states away... In the mountains.. on an island in the...
Hmm... I would think french porn might not be the best way to learn a language.... :wink:
Depending on how well he does normally, buying impractical stuff may just be his splurge budget.  I've been pretty good with money and so don't have to worry about month-to-month expenses anymore. ...
Yes... he could be that shy that hugging is uncomfortable.  Shyness can cause you to freeze up literally... I was so shy that talking to a female I liked was almost impossible.... and the thought of...
Morning ritual:   (alarm goes off) 9: meh.... *snore* 1: Wake up... you're going to be late.... 9: meh... *rolls over* 1: The alarm is still going off, don't tell me your still sleeping?!?! ...
Excellent.....      I use my Credit card for paying all my bills (it's a rewards card)... but don't use it for any more than I have cash in the bank.  (Ie, using a CC like I would a checkbook)....
7-9 hours straight is best, but as long as you're getting enough Deep sleep and REM cycles you should be fine.  Take a look at the sleep cycle on this page:  I think as long as you have enough cycles...
This is where personal preferences and upbringing comes through and the stereotypes fall apart.  I also find that if you use Enneagram's to determine motivations and combine that with MBTI types on...
I would react the same way when embarrassed... I'd play it off like a joke, etc.  I'm very private with my feelings and having them thrown about in jest is very unsettling.  Especially if he's unsure...
Being able to see both sides of an argument and actually argue due to logical points is not a fault.  It's their fault in trying to push everyone into black and white positions.  If you are not...
:happy:    Meh, we'll see... I'm not overly infused with confidence when the Major candidate has no real policy stated, and they bring in a VP candidate to appease a portion of their voters who...
ISTJs, are you good with time?  I think so, depends on whether i'm paying attention to it or not.  I don't think I have a particularly good internal clock, it's more to do with my Sensing.  I always...
Mint is great for the beginner (the online free version of quicken basically...)  It's much more simplified but is great for a beginner and ... is free. :happy:  Not as many bells, whistles, and...'"


1143: I was in a few fights throughout high school and a couple as an adult. I'm not afraid to throw down if someone is threatening me or someone I care about.   Happily I stay home so much now that this...
Sorry you got so much cum in your mask :/
The ISTJ got ISTJ. Lmao.
Actualized type: ISTJ (who you are) Introverted (I) 69.23% Extroverted (E) 30.77% Sensing (S) 76.47% Intuitive (N) 23.53% Thinking (T) 54.76% Feeling (F) 45.24% Judging (J) 81.82% Perceiving (P)...
You can't be ISTJ if: your house is unorganized.
I am happy to assist you with that.
Awe such a cutie!   Here is my little girl: Her name is Bailey and she's a total brat.  648834
Come here and I will really make you drool.
Welcome! We wont bite hard unless you want us too.
I'll join you in the corner. We can talk about cats.
*Joins Kajada and the dog* Doggie!
Whoa now.. Just because I like rope and leather and chains doesn't mean I... uh... nvm
*Joins Shade* Wait.. I thought we were leaving the shadows.
I always do!
Probably just you.. I can handle anything. I promise to stop before it actually becomes too much... I need you here for rounds 2-750
If you are drunk that just means I don't have to work as hard to take advantage of you.
Mmm yes, please do. Also, there is no safe word.
Not all of us come on so strong.. I can bring out the rope later on. <3
Absolutely.   What is your drink of choice?
Can I give you a flower?   646426
Truly a man after my own heart.
Topless honorary ENTP female looking to seduce ENFJ male. Come play boys.
You are my new favorite person <3
Skinny dudes are overrated.
Are you going to perform for me too?
Just enough to spark your imagination but leave you curious
I'll wear a cowgirl hat.
Absolutely!
When does your flight land in Seattle?
Yes please.
Per earlier conversation, tentacles.
Just an hour and a half by plane....
I promise you'll want it all cowboy. I'm 27, not 77
Typing in between tasks at work=spelling errors.
Google Shibari and click on images.
You know on discord I am known as shabari for a reason.
I'm up for the challenge! Show me your ways cowboy
I'm the fake ENTP..    In one quick moment I lost them both.
It takes a quite a bit to scare me. It's more of a challenge.
So little faith..
I might live in Seattle but I grew up in the country. Never underestimate me.   Does it really count as out-kinking me if you haven't actually done that?  ;)
Cthulhu never looked so hot.
Well that escalated quickly. Too much kink for me cowboy   *cries* I just wanted a cowboy.,,,
Any real man will go sub for his lady on occasion
You finally decided after tying me up so many times that you would try it. I promise you babe you are dom 85% of the time.
Like why did you let the sub tie you up?
1 cue and 2 balls or 2 cues and 4 balls.. Heheheh
mmhmm.. I have spent many nights playing with sticks and balls on the table ;)
I prefer billiards.
Those thoughts exist somewhere in that mind of yours.. We just simply channeled your thoughts."


1168: 'Former leader of the UK Labour party; Michael Foot was a passionate Orator, and was part of the Royal Society of Literature.   and of course he loved the glitter of all that circle with all the...
When I wandered off into analysing cognitive functions I realised what I thought was a very weak Fe is infact an Fi. Someone described Fi as the ability to listen to feelings and Me and my sister who...
Hello INFP, hopefully you are having the most pleasant christmas this year.
As of 2013, I have donated approximately $15,800 to Epilepsy Awareness. It is a charity that I donate to because one of my friends (and crush) died from epilepsy. I will continue to donate to that...
WA is probably ISTP or ISTJ.
I don't know if this is an ISTJ thing.  You might be an ISTJ if you think you're friends are not serious enough about life.
don't be sorry :happy:   Let's celebrate that you are an ENFJ by dancing in zero gravity whilst orbiting Titan. :happy:
woah so many smilies that my mind has exploded and the vestiges morphed into a hawk and flew away.
This is me to a tee. I used Karl Popper's Theory of falsifiability in a climate change assignment.
Are you just arguing over semantics here? A person with schizophrenia is not neurotypical. It certainly is genetic for the most part, and while mentally ill might be if you will a term to describe...
I think we should scrap income tax, and company taxes and impose a Land Value Tax.
Does this sound like an NT thing?  I took my younger sister(ESFP) out to a club since she can't drive yet. She was having a blast but I was bored, and I just ordered cocktails, I talked to a few...
I don't know I see conservative values in this light.   There are three moral traditions. there's the intuitive morals that people have, and the morals that they upheld as an individual in the...
I'd appreciate any other opinions.
I did this, hoping it would help.  1. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances?...
Thank you for the response. It is greatly appreciated.
bump.
I believe in Pro-life.
I was thinking maybe ENFJ.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i14qvGUuCls
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-RExcMtH3k   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2aQ-aquNiM  What is his enneagram and MBTI?
If I am threatened during perhaps a debate I will verbally joust and be on the offensive listing fallacies, or data that goes against their beliefs.   If it is an work, or being threatened with my...
here are the processes from similarminds.  Cognitive ProcessLevel of Development (Preference, Skill and Frequency of Use) extraverted Sensing (Se) ****************  (16.2) limited use...
Thank you for your response. I did make some cognitive processes remarks later on such as Introverted thinking, and perhaps introverted intuition.
Hello ISFJ'er. :)  Thank you for taking the time out to check-out my thread. I've kind of thought the ISFJ might be the more logical label. I'm at heart a conservative, and some of the conservative...
do you have a subscription fee? Also do you offer advertising rates?
Also people that inspire me:     Margaret Thatcher  Enoch Powell  F.A. Hayek  Richard Nixon  Cicero  Lee Kuan Yew
I have often wondered whether I am really an ISTJ/ISFJ rather than an INFJ. I have often questioned how my beliefs are derived. I think I observe the world and then contrast it to an ideology to...
That sounds quite interesting, Though I have values, and beliefs, I generally have intellectualised them with premises, and it is with this as well as reflecting on my past experiences that have...
RCOAI 2.5% of women; 4.5% of men  not relationship obsessed, withdrawn, risk averse, not wild and crazy, toned down, thinks before acting, fearless, peaceful, does not like to be the center of...
Hey I'm capitalist! :)  My name is self-explanatory however i am more than just one definition, Needless to say I've joined to compartmentalise myself yet again, and understand my beliefs better.'"


1203: 'Even if religion isn't evil it perpetuates narrow minded social ideals where the undesirable of society are shunned and denied the equal rights of the desired people. People are constantly degraded...
This personality dynamic you have in your relationship is that same one I experience except I am the female ISTJ and my partner is a male INTP. He is always on the go and doing something adventurous...
Dating a genuis (his IQ is 155 or 160) for the past 5 years has made me realize that I am wrong...about many things. Mostly factual or knowledge based things because I have strong opinions and will...
I definitely let sh*t drop all the time...and f*ck when I am really angry which is not often
This is pretty much one of my top fantasies. It would be incredible to meet someone who was remarkably similar to myself. I envision we would get along swimmingly. Especially because this person...
Yeah, I have several issues with Osama bin Laden's assassination. Like the fact that he was executed without arrest or trial. That there is not evidence, photographic or otherwise, that he is really...
Haven't tried yet but I plan to this summer. I want to do it because it sounds intriguing and its legal. From what I understand it makes Guiness taste like a chocolate milkshake...I'm in!
I have taken a personality disorder quiz before and the only thing I scored high on was schizoid. From the descriptions I've read, I don't really consider it a problem. I like to be by myself and I...
I don't really have trouble fantasizing but it is usually about a goal of mine that I would like to accomplish in the future I don't usually fanatisze about thing that aren't real or have no...
1. I have one large cup of espresso in the morning 2. Starbucks 3. Frappicinos and Lattes 4. Oh yeah, I have an espresso machine 5. No---hadn't even heard of it before 6. I could live without...
I totally love this comedy bit from forever ago! Johnny Carson=awesome show!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-bcwujO1_M
I rarely ever whine...or show any kind of self doubt. I see whining as a sign of weakness...part of the reason I don't like overly sensitive guys. I a pretty freakin tough...lots of negative stuff...
I cross my arms all the time...sometimes walking, when I'm sitting in class, talking to people...unless I'm trying to explain something...then I use a lot of hand gestures
Wild Violets...they are just starting to come out! Being alive is pretty sweet....definitely beats the alternative That South Parks 15th season starts next week That I finally finished my...
I'm going home for the summer after this school year ends. Being in a different state from my mother is not fun cause we are super close! Even though I don't love my hometown, but thats where my...
I hangout with far more guys but my close friends are female, but I would say I only have 6 close friends, 3 from high school 3 from college. This is opposed to my much wider circle of less close...
Graduate Student in Master's program/Teaching Associate...bosses are talking about giving me my own class next school year:)
When you find communication with others unfulfilling, even though they find communicating with you to be quite fulfilling  When you have more respect for your pets than you do for many people ...
I don't know what about the show makes you think he is gay. Lots of guys are awkward with girls. And I agree with previous posts that he is smokin' hot! And Jason Bourne kills with guns and runs...
Cooperation from the American students in helping the foreign students with their grammar and English has been encouraged in every university I have had experience with. But you should ask the...
Realism seems to be the trend here and I would ascribe to that personally. But like everybody my mood fluctuates, some days really happy, others not so much. One thing a have a lot of trouble with is...
When I originally took it I was a primary 1w2 but I just retook it and it told me I was a primary 6w5 with a secondary 1w2 sooo i dunno!
When something ironic, idiotic, moronic etc happens to one of my guy friends we say sorry 'bout cha. When we talk about tripped out or drink people doing something stupid we say that almost never...
Considering I'm still a broke college student, I am quite frugal. The only superfluous expense I have is going out to eat cause I love a good, tasty meal! :)
The only confirmed NT I know is my boyfriend...so as you might guess we get along quite well. I do have to say the most irritating thing is his inability to make and stick to plans. He lives day to...
I am probably the odd ball in that school just seems to be my thing. I did well in grade school, high school, college, and am currently doing well in graduate school. Its not that I just sit down and...
I think a big thing for ISTJs is common sense, which is lacking in many people. It is quite obvious to an ISTJ that a woman shouldn't show up dressed like a stripper to her office job or that work...
I like this post...It seems many people are taking a slight offense to it. But I find it interesting to have another personality type so interested in our thread and so keenly observant of some of...
I have had Black Eyed Peas Karma in my head today (song made b4 Fergie...shes lame)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhQSMWiwAeA
I find myself constantly surprised at the prevalence of religion in my young peers. I am not religious nor am I an atheist. I find for either side to assert that there definitely is or isn't a God is...
I was trying to find a previous ISTJ post in all this but have lost patience now. The closest I came was a couple ISTP posts so maybe I will be the first? I have to say back in the day when I used...
I would think drug use probably has a higher correlation with intelligence than personality types, though I could see certain types being more prone to experimentation. However, if you just knew I...
I think this question relates back to the difference between intro and extro-verts. I think extroverts look for validation, self worth, and enjoyment from interaction with others whereas introverts...
Yeah, I've had to calm some emotionally unstable female extroverts at parties before and its a total drag. It seems that someone looking at them the wrong way can induce a fight or cause them to...
When you play the game spot the anomalous at the park with your significant other
I noticed someone suggested this thread in another area so I thought we could all discuss how awesome the show is and our interpretation of Dexter. My boyfriend disagrees with the character being an...
Yeah, I much prefer to analyze other peoples actions and possible motivations than my own. Of course there are times when I think deeply about myself. I have often wished that I could be naturally...
Dead give away for me is becoming quieter and more fidgety around the person. I also like to laugh at the person's jokes, smile a lot and make lots of eye contact.
I don't personally have this particular problem. My IQ has been tested and is above normal but not quite genius level. My mood also tends to be relatively stable and happy:)
Its not rocket science to be spontaneous in a way that most girls like. Surprise us with flowers, a nice dinner, a weekend a bed and breakfast, or even do mundane things like the dishes or cleaning...
I definitely do NOT want to stay home with my future kids full time. I am highly driven to succeed and I think it is important for me to do so for my own happiness. Besides, in today's economic...
Pedantic...awesomely pertinent word choice!!! I thought my INTP boyfriend was the only one who used that word!!
Not usually...its hard for me to think of new things to try and stuff like that. But I really enjoy hanging out with myself. I, myself, find myself quite humorous. I don't know if others find me...
I do have to admit that most of the friendships I have now happened by accident or someone pursued me to the point that the relationship developed...that probably how is goes for a lot of introverts
He's and INTP so we're pretty different in our approach to...well everything!
I have been with my boyfriend for over five years and I can say that the single most important thing that has been instrumental in keeping us together is work. Relationships, of any kind, are a lot...
What do I look for in music?? Two words...Warren Haynes!! Gov't Mule is my favorite band of all time and Warren's guitar playing is godly. Otherwise I look for mastery, lyrical or instrumental. You...
I have to say I quite agree with this. My boyfriend and several of his friends from high school are geniuses. Not kidding...IQs tested and off the charts. My boyfriend got a 32 on the ACT without...
I have friends whom I stay in contact with but none of them live close enough that I see them everyday. I don't know what their personality types are but I know 3 are introverts, 2 are extroverts,...
To my knowledge, I have never met an INFP but my boyfriend is an INTP. We get along great and have been dating for over 5 years. We do clash when his head is in the clouds so high that he can't see...'"


1208: 'First, apologize for adding the the Necro post lol.    Second, this issue is close to home.  I have an ENTP that's very close to me.  There are times that I was on the edge of no longer...
My two cents, is that the biggest thing you can get from MBTI and Cognitive information is understanding how you are now, and how others are.  The more significant can actually be understanding...
I'm not sure we would be the best on telling you how to strengthen it.  From what little I've read and understand on it, your Dominate is usually something that your naturally strong with.   I don't...
I learn best when I have someone that's a good teacher.  I will then usually read the material.  I tried the other way around, and I find that I get very bored if I've seen some of the material...
Welcome to the forums!  I've found that some people are border line in one or more of the areas.  I think you might get the most out of You might be a ISTJ/INTJ/xxxx if threads.  Each one pretty...
1) Some SJ profiles tend to emphasize traditional ways. Would you consider yourself traditional? Are there any traditions you find stupid?   This is a mixture for me.  Some things I really like...
I think the humour from an ISTJ is an acquired taste.  It's in the moment.  For me, I don't do standup or anything.  People usually end up laughing at things I say though.  I've put people in tears...
LOL, so no notepook writing down times and locations?  j/k  So better to attempt a second meeting before asking for a number probably, gauging how intersted she might seem.
Thanks for the response.  I didn't have anyone specifically in mind.  I was just wanting to see if any place was better then others.  Like if its a total waste of time if I see someone in a grocery...
Welcome to the cafe!  So are you from France or just being fancy? :)
Welcome!  I think you will enjoy this a lot.  I have a friend that's an ENTP and he loves the forums here.
Welcome to the forums!  Hope you enjoy your stay!  I love old school Metallica, Aerosmith, Enya, and mostly the 80's.
I was curious what public venues you would be comfortable with a guy striking up a conversation.  Such as book store, coffee shop, grocery store, etc?  Along with that, whats the most comfortable...
I was curious what some of the other ISTJ's do as a hobby?
..... *nods head* what do you mean how does it feel? I understand your words, but not the order your using them in Those M#@$# F#@#$#@ changed the packaging/name and/or stopped making my...
Definetly a LOT more talkative one on one.  The topic is the most important thing.  I have a friend that is an ENTP and the topics brought up are things that I don't have much interest in.  A lot of...
Welcome to the boards!  I'm sure you will find some great conversation!
More privatized?  How does that work exactly?  Initially they were all country run Dr's and Hospitals and now some Private ones?
Welcome to the forum!  You will find it most intersting.  INFP's are somewhat rare.  I know a few personally though.  I've recommended it to one of them, to find other INFP's.  I think you might find...
I'm just curious what health care is like in non US countries.  I've read and seen things on TV and documentaries.  I would like to hear first hand stories from people around the world.  Specifically...
Welcome to the boards!  How do you like living in Canda?
It depends on how the breakup went.  The specifics are VERY important to me.  If they were just not happy with the dating situation, I might need a little time away, but then I would probably still...
Cautious  http://mgsrvr.com/d9c465ec54c1c86df2ce11501edc5010.gif   Cautious, calculating, contemplative, and careful. This person likes for things to make sense and to understand the reasons...
d  Definetly agree with you on all points.  I don't think this one will get to heated because we are ISTJ's after all lol.  It's part of the reason I wanted to ask ISTJ's.  I will probably start a...
The possibility of being pawns is one of the biggest reasons we don't have a leader or a check list.  It's also why we don't want to be 100% for one canidate or one political affiliation.  Our...
Well put.  Yes, generalizations are bad.  I used to have a lot of negative feelings towards the Tea Party.  Like most of America I was ill informed and forming opinions with little or no data.  We...
A little bit of both really.  Partially to add something to threads.  Also, I was curious on a suggestion to me that S's are the reason that things are the way they are.  That S's desire things to be...
No favorite words here.  Kind of a wierd concept to me lol.  That's like having a favorite blade of grass :)
I can say that disorganized can be applied at times.  A leaderless group will be somewhat disorganized.  I would disagree everyone in it is anarchist.  Although there are some in the overall group. ...
Wow, he definitely has a lot of dislike of it. I don't know how much I want to post here but Iwould like to give my thoughts on this gentlemenâ€™s statement on it. Frank has definitelynever spent any...
I appolgize.  I'm not that experienced with using forums.  I'll try to keep that in mind for future posts.
Thanks for that.  It's something I've been in discussions with a friend over.  I think I'm a lot more open to discussing things then I was ten years ago.  I do not enjoy super in depth discussions as...
If its okay to ask INFJ's reading this post, for both my curiousity and the starter of the posts, have any INFJ's reading this thread dated an ISTJ?  Married an ISTJ?  Your thoughts and feelings on...
I, as an ISTJ, am no so direct with my emotions.  Personally, I think that the fact that he is communicating with you more is a good sign.  The more I intitiate contact with a woman, the more I'm...
What are you thoughts and opinions about it, if you don't mind discussing?
LOL yes it is an awesome pic!
So I was curious if any other ISTJ have done any research or discussions with anyone that is part of the Occupy Movement.  If so thoughts?
The guys that are saving themselves are usually going to be the ones that don't stand out in crowds or groups.  They aren't going to be the ones that have girls going out with them every Friday...
I was somewhat interseted until they started asking for $.  Anyone that spends more then a second about donating money I worry about.  To many people that take advantage of donators.
LOL this is AWESOME!!!!
Wow totally forgot about that one.  Especially something I really like.  Creme Brulee mmm.  Cookies.  Good stuff.  I'm horrible with cooking so something home cooked is great :)
I usually stay at home a bit.  Think about things a lot.  Try to watch some movies.  Preferibly comedies.  Then when filling a little better I'll usually go driving around.  Maybe get a coffee or ice...
What I appreciate the most is just a verbal appreciation.  It doesn't have to be excessive.  Even a small.... (Person's Name), I really appreciate when you did x for me.  It's nice to have someone I...
I used to be very much about everything in order and clean.  Then I got a ENTP roomate and a dog.  I will go on cleaning splurges sometimes.  I am much happier when its way cleaners.  I just have so...
Well I just watched the Pilot and perhaps he changes over time.  He doesn't strike me as an ISTJ.  He does have severe OCD though.  A lot of people think that someone with OCD is ISTJ.  I would...
Thanks Niss and Perspicacious!   Niss for some reason the second one listed gave me a 404 when I clicked on submit.
Perspicacious...How did you get that information for the signature?  Is that a test on here or another site?
Well first let me say I'm not much of a forum's person.  I do find it VERY intersting to be able to look at different personality threads!  Also the various threads started by fellow ISTJ's!  Some of...
Hey Buckeye.  The biggest thing is finding people of the same or different personality types to interact with.  Trying to type someone takes serious skills and guesswork and could be wrong.  Most of...
Is it bad I used a Credit Card to avoid the five words?'"


1218: As an SX/SP 5, I agree with the descriptions immensely. Thanks for sharing!:proud:
I support.
Socionics and MBTI are very thinly connected. We could all be ISTJ in MBTI, but vary in Enneagram and/ or Socionics. I'm an ILI in socionics, so I am a dynamic...
I describe myself as complex and paradoxical, but easy to understand with much to learn about me over time. Even my friend that I've been friends with for 10 years is still learning about me, and I...
Indifferent towards the type of pencil as long as the eraser works decently. Prefer print for every day writing, only cursive when it's required...
Nearly all the time I release my emotions is when I undergo catharsis alone with my thoughts. Great way to release and not have society influence you. Also, I feel it helps strengthen my emotional...
It's not really a single problem, but a multitude of problems... A part of being human I suppose. However, being human is the best thing to help resolve our problems. Ultimately, you must know the...
ISTJ ~Power metal ~Symphonic metal
My favorite games (series) are Left 4 Dead, Gears of War, Minecraft, Elderscrolls, Bioshock, and GTA. Left 4 Dead is by far my favorite game ever. In my opinion, Call of Duty is crap. I'm an ISTJ, I...
One Word:  Interesting...
I have trouble expressing my feelings a lot also. I have become better at recognizing what I feel, but I feel uncomfortable expressing it. I feel that it is matter of trust in most cases.
Cautious http://mgsrvr.com/d9c465ec54c1c86df2ce11501edc5010.gif Cautious, calculating, contemplative, and careful. This person likes for things to make sense and to understand the reasons behind...
Jurisdiction
Death
Type 5 description is stereotypical. Assuming too much in my opinion. In my personal observation, I know when to distance myself and when to interact with the environment to a thin lining. Any person...
Chess
Chaos
youâ€™re a critical thinking brain!Get products to give you a critical thinking workout from Marbles: the Brain Store online or in a store near you.  This way of thinking is associated with the...
Easter
Most people that know me comment that it would be extremely hard for others to hate/ dislike me. One of their reasons being that others would not have a reason to. Honestly, I know that it is mostly...
Well you didn't say...
Enneagram interaction videos  LeaT created the thread last October. Seventh stickied thread from top in this forum.
There is already a thread for this topic, it's stickied.
Nice.
I strongly believe that Type 5 has strengthened my love for learning about theoretical processes. Also, I could say the same for ISTJ affecting my type 5 abilities.
In my personal opinion/views, the Dwemer/Dwarves are INTJ.
In my opinion, people are entitled to their own opinions. If the person(people) are happy, then why resist? I usually support same-sex marriage, unless it begins to appear that it is getting over...
Hero
Mercy
I find that being a type 5 ISTJ has greatly increased usage of Ni for me. Having a 4 wing might have influenced my usage of Fi for me, unsure though. Perhaps type 5 has an ability to increase usage...
Possibly, definitely XXFJ for sure, from my experience.
I'm 18.   Your Cognitive Development Profile The forty-eight questions you rated earlier tap into the eight cognitive processes. Some questions tapped into basic or developed use of a process used...
Why did you post this twice?
Sports
Your Scores     4Expressing Regret  3Accept Responsibility  2Make Restitution  6Genuinely Repent  5Request Forgiveness
Missiles
What is your favorite element on the modern periodic table? I was wondering if there was a correlation between MBTI types and their favorite elements. That is if there is any small or noticeable...
In my experience; doing extensive research, testing myself, and relating to a certain type for a indiscernible amount of time has helped me decide my type. Of course every couple of months or so, I...
I'd rather not have pets. If I were to have one of my own, it would be some breed of dog.
I tend to have lucid dreams most often when I have them. I particularly enjoy dreams with or without nightmares. I rarely have nightmares though; I always conquer nightmares when I experience them....
On another, but related note, Timeless is updating the older version of the Enneagram quiz on this site. I'm really excited to try it out. :D  Best typing quizzes are on this site in my opinion...
I am cautious and shy around the person I like. The more time I spend around the person or interacting with them, the more comfortable I am talking about topics. My melancholic external displays...
If I know the person well, I will lash out and attack them. Time alone with my thoughts can help heal myself if I go too far than I wanted/expected.   If I don't know the person well, I sort of...
Cookies
Your Personality Stats You're a Seeker92%curious 75%introvert 0/10 energy to spare Glass half full  Energy to spare
A= 60%  B= 40%  Most of the time I am display area A over B.
What about type four and one?
Why are humans so corrupted?
Street racing
Torture"


1296: Some ISTJs are VERY direct, some are not.   Ask him straight out if he wants to break up.   99% he will answer this directly and honestly.
There is a difference in motivation.  An ISTJ will usually do things because he or she sees it as the right thing to do. Whether it pleases someone else isn't normally a factor.  An ISFJ is much...
Let the ideas and aggressiveness flow.   Drink lots of coffee before the meeting. Then, don't pee.... hold it in.
ISFJs, do you welcome advice, even if unsolicited? Do you feel obligated to follow advice that is given? Are the two related.... not wanting advice because if offered there is a sense of obligation...
^^^
That is one of the coolest things I have read in awhile. I have a German Shepherd. He understand me, I understand him.
I have noticed this dynamic myself. We are just too dependable and loyal. People rely on us to make up any slack... and take us for granted.  At this stage, I actively watch for this dynamic and...
I work best when I have clear guidelines, do not need to depend on others, and am left alone to get the job done.
I am ISTJ; my girlfriend is ISFJ. Sometimes her emotions flow freer than mine and we aren't in sync. Don't take it as a negative as long as you both accept each other's level.  We ISTJs are...
A wingman WOULD help.
I think I see the problem.  Don't take what I am about to say the wrong way. I mean this to be constructive.  You've asked for help in several threads. The answers start coming in. Some answers...
You are taking her rebellion as a betrayal to your church group and to yourself personally. Let that go. That is not what is going on. She is 18 and in college... IOW she can make her own decisions...
It's not an issue unless you are noticeably more clingy than your partner. If so, just dial it back.
Since he's asked you so many questions, ask him a few-  1) What are the specifics of where you see this relationship going? 2) What do you expect of me? 3) What can I expect of you? 4) What are...
The best thing to do is ask him. Try to not be confrontational, use as little emotion as possible, and don't put him on the spot.   ISTJs tend to be forthright when asked a direct question.   Be...
I don't develop feelings first then work around them.   Before my heart starts to engage, my head does the math. If it approves, my heart proceeds. If not, my head blocks feelings from starting.
Three things-  1) As was said above, find both your Love Languages and consider it carefully. If her love language is, for example, Words of Affirmation, and you are constantly saying negative...
It is very easy for me, being ISTJ. I don't give my heart permission to get involved. It is probably not so simple for an INFP.
I had a hard time receiving gifts when I was younger. I wasn't being  intentionally thankless.... I was VERY uncomfortable with the situations. Heck, I  would usually have chewed my arm off to get...
Luck doesn't exist, BUT- shit does happen. ;)   I have had some little shit, some big shit, and some shit I will never recover from.  Much of life is just making up your mind that you are going...
sorry... brainfart.
Yep. The advice I would give here is the same as his last thread. http://personalitycafe.com/istj-forum-duty-fulfillers/823538-28-years-old-never-had-girlfriend-am-i-loser.html
^^^ This was my first thought.  Also, are there careers performing studies and such where you could use your degree?
Talk to him about it. Be honest and direct without being confrontational.
^^^ lol... the posts above.  I was married to an ENFP for 19 years.   We spent half of the time debating what she inferred from what I said.
I love to travel. It's one of the few ways I can let go.  I have been to all 50 US states and 30 something countries. In my youth I back-packed around Europe three times.
Breaking stereotypes... why? I am me. I don't care if other ISTJs are like me, or different.  What if I told you I am Irish and I like to drink? oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Dude- you are living too much inside your own head. You need to do something outdoorsy... start hiking, camping, bike riding, something.....   BTW, stuff just hurts from time to time.
Yep, and it's MUCH worse than being alone.
A few items; -Online dating works. Keep trying. Some have forums where you can post your profile and have users critique it. -Try to hang with women whenever possible. This increases your skills......
Be happy for him.  It could be worse. I got a motorcycle AND started jumping out of airplanes again.
#1- I would be comfortable meeting friends and family after the time you gave. But.... I would prefer it NOT be in a big group at a restaurant... even if most are introverts.  I would advise NAY to...
They are there. We are 16% of the population. In the absence of it being spelled out, look for signs.
My love language is also Quality Time. If I love someone, I will make time for them... even though I am ALWAYS busy.  There really is no substitute for time... but if he knows your love language...
I view being cool about the same as a dog would view a bowl of raw cauliflower.    The instrument has yet to be designed that could accurately measure the depths of my apathy.
I am not sure I understand. Are you asking if we would see that we are being used? If that is the question, speaking just for myself... yes. I recently ended a relationship for that very reason.
You are who you are. She is what she is. The way you show love was not what she perceives as being love. Some people have needs that many ISTJs cannot give.   Look at it this way- if you are a...
We ISTJs do better in stressful situations when we know what is happening. You should have told him about the issues from your life changing situation so he understood why you got upset so easily. ...
I am not sure what you mean by drama, but if an ISTJ sees you as an impediment to getting their work done properly, they will not just let things go.
The key to understanding ISTJs- ask us.... really.    Go to her and ask for 5 minutes to talk. When you get the time to talk, tell her you think there is friction between you two and ask what you...
Same here. Communication was difficult, at best.
Two things-  1) You may want to try meetup.com, and attend activities that interest you. Build relationships based on mutual interest. 2) If you do online dating again, mention your type in your...
I use a pen.
Well, there was that time I made a list of all the lists I needed.
She is controlling you through negative behavior.  She is rude and you give her what she wants. Generally speaking, you get more or what you encourage and you get less of what you discourage. Stop...
First- don't assume. Ask him to take an MBTI test to KNOW if he is ISTJ or not.  Second- make your intentions clear. We tend to respect and respond to directness and clarity.
It's not that an ISTJ will hold back for the purpose of depriving an ENFP. It's that the ENFP needs more communication and on a different level than the ISTJ has to give.  Look at it this way- a...
Communicating with an ENFP can be draining for an ISTJ... even with loved ones.  For the ISTJ, it seems like the ENFP is trying to pull info and emotion out of us. Sometimes the ISTJ will resist,...
^^^ What niss said, 1 and 2.
In your OP you spoke of reactions and clues. Additionally, I note you are ENFP.   ISTJs and ENFPs often have a difficult time communicating.  It has been my experience that ENFPs can miss what an..."


1315: '( i am only playing along to your exaggerations, i am not saying this seriously lol, sorry if it doesn't sound like it, thats how i play along xD who would call someone a mystical being in an actual...
Couldn't agree more xD You live in your dream cloud of imagination, while i stay here on earth. Lol  from your average human being.
Legitimate reasons are different. But speeding tickets... not a legitimate reason. You could of hurt someone. Including yourself.  Legitimate reasons are based on like you said, when a law is out of...
Lol As you said, we don't make the rules, just follow them. If we follow them, you should follow. Why? Because if you dont, your being disobedient ppl. Only criminals are disobedient to laws, so...
https://youtu.be/WqbDRvl59jw     from your average human being.
First born out of 2 and only one with the T trait in my family x_x.  from your average human being.
Birds of a feather flock together.  from your average human being.
ðŸ˜‚ lol (nice one) Only you would go through the trouble of finding a song describing a stereotype. XDD  from your average human being.
Lol take those feels and throw them away, no body likes them any way   Lol do u mean my grammar? Cause, i dont fix it, simply to annoy all those grammar natzi's. 0:]  from your average human...
You think your soo smaarrtt xD  from your average human being.
Its not like an infj doesn't poop its mother natures course xD  from your average human being.
I've takes online tests for fun but they arent that accurate, in my opinion. I had gotten a 160 but i used a calculator as, if not I wouldn't of been able to figure out the math questions xD  As my...
I have never hear of this but it sounds interesting. o:  from your average human being.
Ohh o:  I can agree with the point of not having motivation to do things. i have stuff to do... but, if i do them i have no excuse to be left alone.   Like when i can be organizing my room, but if...
Lol why thank you :P    from your average human being.
jamaix   i guess as we grow and mature, boredom can affect us differently :)   Thanks for the comment :D   From an ISTJ ._.
Yup
https://youtu.be/cP4zgb9H3Cg   From an ISTJ ._.
More like you just want to. XD  From an ISTJ ._.
I think this is sassy enough...   http://www.towelsandhome.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/flamingo-baby-costume.jpg
Well ima say my true story, its long brace yourself.  My mother divorced my father when i was still in her stomach.  I dont remember crap. But i do remember her always, till this day, telling me how...
My bed is my happy place.   I could be having the worst day of my life... go to my bed, and forget everything... Zzzzz  From an ISTJ ._.
As an ISTJ, what makes you bored? And how do you react when bored out of your mind?  For me as an istj, i get really bored when i have literally nothing to do because i finished way to early. I...
I have a more um, community giving, free lance type of job... i dont get paid its volunteer work. :)  But I have to show empathy and show love and talk to strangers Every other day. I have to keep...
As if though an INTP doesn't skip over things, like that chore you said you were going to do 3 hours ago.  From an ISTJ ._.
Thanks for commenting   Very much appreciated :D  From an ISTJ ._.
Thank you for your time & comment :3     From an ISTJ ._.
Decisions decisions u-u ~shakes head~ hope it turns out well :)  From an ISTJ ._.
I haven't had a day where I can just be alone and recharge (not more than an hour) for a whole week.  I officially am drained and can't even think straight to an extent that I'm drunk off of...
Lol @ last answer xD but yea i meant if you dont hear your faults from someone (to improve) do you forget your own and get arrogant or too puffed up with pride? :P you got it :3  Thank you for your...
Your welcome i hope the test and the discrption helped and fit you. Sence your a Turbulent you may not fit Absolutely because most is when your Asertive (you can look on there website to find out...
Well im not sure about him but i think hes too stressed out. Probably letting it out on you and everyone around him.  When im overly stressed i can be verry irritable and grumpy.   Maybe his...
You sort of sound like me lol.  I am kind to those i care about. I do give hugs to those I know need them (like my mother n brother) i dont say kind things all the time and i like to be alone a lot...
Thank you for your comment :D   From an ISTJ ._.
For me, my belief in traditions is more like, Jesus memorial, sex after marriage, date only for marriage, gatherings,  anniversaries and graduation parties.  Any one who mocks my traditions in my...
I have noticed that sensitivity is viewed as sometimes negative. But at the same time, I think it's a good thing. How cruel would the world be without those who are sensitive, and reminding others...
Thank you for your answer :3  I love hearing everyones different opinions. And responding as if a convo xD also thanks for letting me know your thoughts.  So Thank you ^-^   From an ISTJ ._.
Thank you for your answer and time :)   And yes i know that :P i cant stapple an infp or any type at that, to a person. We are more than just our type.   Like i am not like my istj friend but we do...
Lol yea i can clearly see that xD But I understand. Im sorry if it bothered you QuQ in any way or form.   I was simply curious and wanted to know about your personality with questions (that i wanted...
Thank you for your comment and time :)  Also I  didn't mean to sound antagonistic to you or this type of personality :) If anything I admire alot of em. I dont hate him if anything i like him and...
Interesting thanks for your view point :)  And its true without pride we wouldn't be confidant but i mean to a degree of being arogant xP   From an ISTJ ._.
Yup i did :) thank you  From an ISTJ ._.
Esfj
If you wana n have time to run on n on that be fine. Im sure I'll learn somethings :) which is y i did this question thing lol :D  From an ISTJ ._.
I love mmorpgs. Like terra, aion, blade and soul, and i enjoy games like minecraft, sims 3+4, gta5, lbp, and smash bros. Theres so many lol I could play them the entire day. *-*  From an ISTJ ._.
Lol >~< thanks for answering xD   From an ISTJ ._.
I see o: thats interesting but confusing to me lol but i think i get it... xD  Also do u even get along with INFJ's? XD   (I tend to put family before all els and when I see someone affecting or...
Oooh o: okay xD yea my infj bro takes everything he says as if hes super sensitive. I believe you guys tend to hide it but ur not so sensitive you start to cry but it sometimes can hurt.  Aslo I...
Hello... :)  And... i like video games too xD so does my enfp friend. Hope you learn more about your type and about others around you n_n  From an ISTJ ._.
I have some questions for infp's... i know one. I cant judge all based on just 1. But you can still answer some just for fun xD  Why do you contradict yourself when you say something to a...'"


1363: I believe balance is important. You want to be able to enjoy it to the full. A good credit history doesn't matter in the end, regretting the things you could've done in the past affects the thing you...
I doubt there's a direct correlation with your statement, I don't disagree with it, but its really your choice how you deal with it. While sometimes I really hate my mother for the things she does,...
By saying the above I suppose the person seeks empathy/sympathy. Being the unemotional robots that we are, usually unable to provide such act of comfort and thus resorting to the 'silent treatment',...
Left Brain: 62% Right Brain: 38%  Your Left Brain Percentages   42% Symbolic (Your most dominant characteristic)   40% Sequential   40% Reality-based   37% Linear   30% Logical   27%...
Never really thought of it until now. I do enjoy work to a point that I know i have contributed and done well at. However in saying that, I tend to be obsessive to a point that I must do well every...
This is according to my mother: 1. Climbed the tv set and it fell on me. 2. Touched a gas stove despite being warned it was hot.
Thanks Mercer. U got me hooked :(
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cqU1pFRqYE  Reminiscing the good old days of being a kid.
So, I just recently took the 16 Quiz Test. And, uh, got the result of an INTP. While I don't really understand why, right now, would anyone please point out the differences/similarities of INTP to...
Definitely.
I'm also from Australia :)
We do, me personally anyway. Me and a mate at work just constantly insult each other just for the fun of it, and hey, we both mean no harm and it just kills the serious work mood.
It's quite unfortunate how women are perceived more so of the emotional kind and thus maybe perceived of less as a thinker. But humans develop on their own, at their own pace and based on their...
1. My dad almost always prefers my sister over me 2. I'm always tired, yet always found something to do 3. I still have the same crush as I do 2 years ago 4. I wont do anything about it (refer to...
Me too! Next choice would be Big Bang Theory.
Interesting article there^. Couldnt've said it better myself. Being a pessimistic realist allows you to prepare for the worst, therefore limiting the chances of being disappointed in the outcome you...
Yeah, they have some wonderful effects on the mind :). I think its what inspired me to pick up photography, its a subtle form of art that doesn't require alot of imagination, only technical...
Personally, what i think i was doing was venting to a friend. However, he considers it to be whining. I don't understand it either, I guess it was due to my childhood experiences. So I suppose I...
I can relate to your story Mercer, for I also work in a grocery store. Long story short, I was deemed redundant in one department (grocery department) due to the fact that I wasn't accepting the...
I guess its the fact that we, as ISTJ's need to have some sort of level of knowledge on others that make it so easy for us to potentially become friends with the one we are interested in and for a...
Personally, I get most enjoyment of how things are done and whether they are done effectively or less time consuming. I believe in doing things right the first time, rather than coming back to it and...
To some degree, I do enjoy company, its just that I wish that i was a little less timid. Meanwhile, I also enjoy giving time to myself to recharge and recount the day that I just went through. I...
To be honest, it isn't a very important to me personally, but it does help that you contribute to a conversation to create a perception that you are more approachable as an individual, and not viewed...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cV6I1_o6vrY
My approach has been slightly more different lately. To be completely honest, the only reason it was dying down is because there is a different person. She's more interesting to me personally than...
This is exactly what I'm going through, its slowly dying though which is good. But I cant be sure that it wont spark up with a mutual friend that i sometimes find attractive. Really drives me insane...
That reminds me of algebra.   Easier said than done, I guess i gotta grow a pair and work it out.  But the whole point of this thread for me is to work around limerence by finding the origin of...
On the contrary, we might not do things that seem obsessive, however, personally, i think we fantasize possible outcomes in our mind. Also, we pay attention to the details of the person so...
So, I came across this thread in the INTJ subforum,  http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/23838-intjs-love-vs-limerence.html  and was wondering if any ISTJ's here have been in a...
I agree, however, i think most people would prefer that others be supportive to their cause rather than hearing the sharp pointy edges of truth.  In my case, I just simply dont get jokes that have...
Well if you want specifics just say so! 1/2 Chinese, 1/4 Indonesian and 1/128th Dutch. (Apparently, thats what my grandma said anyway, about the Dutch Part.)  In case anyone is not up to date, the...
Where do I sign up :tongue:
Hahahaha, classic.  Anyway I'm guilty of these charges: Ran yellow lights. Speed. Jaywalk. Stole money from my parents. (Back in the day when I didnt have a job, now that I do, I usually end up...
Actually, I took it around 4 times. Dont know why, guess I was curious to double check what I am.  The order goes something like this. 1. ISTP 2. ISTP 3. ISTJ 4. ISTJ  Well then I suppose i...
I usually tend to quietly follow her around, in a safe distance, to continue further observation of my new obsession. Then, its usually followed by constant second guessing of whether I should talk...
Well whatever his reasons are, I'm not forcing him to reveal it.But personally, if someone had an interest in me and I know about it, it might be better to not just completely limit any possibilities...
But why?  it seems like she's interested.
I dont mind social gatherings for a particular event, say a birthday party or a band playing live music. However, when such events have fulfilled their promise/need, I usually find an excuse to...
If i may ask and not go into so much detail here, what made you that upset and decide to send a message to end the friendship?   Unless it was something extremely personal and confidential...
Everyone has their own set of moral standards.' I guess what I'm trying to say is, I wouldn't change myself just for the sake of being accepted into the social norm. I'm aware that it sounds selfish,...
^ You sir. Are a genius. Thank you kindly for your advice.
This intrigues me really. We all know the asshole type personality is just a face men put on to pick up. While deep inside, we never really know what their real personality is like, yet women accept...
To be quite honest with you, I didn't think getting together for a coffee meant a date, I just placed the term 'date' in context to the social activity in which a person wants their significant other...
Yeah, I'm not entirely sure what her type is, but i'm sure she was an extrovert. Ill' be alright, thanks for your sympathy.:happy:
I suppose you're right, Im just infatuated by her that I'm willing to ignore the gut instincts or hints that I've gotten through the past 2 dates that didn't happen. I suppose there are still plenty...
So I've been meaning to get with this girl for about a year now. It's been kinda on and off since were both busy with college and my night shifts have kind of been ruining my weekend for some time...
For me personally, looking at both the positive and negative allows me to come to a clearer conclusion, which ultimately doesn't show bias towards one side. By extracting both positive and negative...
I havent had as much experience so honestly, I cant help you there. But reading from these responses, they are all good things to consider and based on this, you should do what you think is right. ...
Im more into History myself, also Maths. Calculus excites me.
But some of us are nice guys and to act otherwise and be fake, personally i wouldn't be able to live with myself if I did. I guess women have their own reasons to be on their guard and not fall for..."


1414: 'One of my best friends and co-workers is quitting switching jobs somewhere else. I will be the last of a bunch that were great workers in our area. I might have to try to get a transfer to a...
I'm a vegetarian and I've never forced or tried to convert anyone, ever. I even have some friends/coworkers that respect me for letting them eat meat and not giving them a lecture about it. I might...
When the group of people who you work with tell you that they've never seen you mad or gloomy, just happy and smiley. Is this a typical ISTJ trait or is it just me. I just try to have a positive...
https://youtu.be/RAli9a8bbys  Since we are talking about dentists [emoji6]. A classic scene from Little Shop of Horrors (1960) with Jack Nicholson.
Speaking. I feel you. Some of my coworkers give me a hard time about it.
It's not worth our time. Our love requires two sides to be complete. One sided love is like a klein bottle, it doesn't exist in our dimension.
Thanks Target, I'll be taking my business and freezing butt else where. Why? Because you gave away tickets for the NES at 5:30 a.m. to the 4 in line at that moment and most went to their car to keep...
The glass ceiling idea has been one of mine for years but within a geodesic dome house of my dream home and where the best bedroom would be.
I love the website Packagetrackr because I only have to enter the tracking number, as long as it's in the system, and it send me a message every time there is a update or a delivery date change.
When sometimes you get bored predicting things before them even happening and you are correct or nearly correct. As you already know what will happen and already know the outcome what's the point if...
That moment that you realize someone who you had a small crush on turns out to be taken :(  Also for what it's worth she almost has the same birthday as me.
If it's not true I shouldn't worry about it, the truth is all I need.
Speaking of movies I just saw Laura at the theaters and Victoria Price was there to introduce the movie. Best night ever at a theater.
You are told that you are excellent at grinning and bearing it
Just look at ursi's posts. Most say omit post. It's annoying like they want to take everything back that they want to say.
It does. For the most part I listen to upbeat music so that helps me. You can try finding different genres or songs that are more positive/upbeat.
Rave: I finally went out for a bike ride since it's been hot out lately and today it was cool. Did my usual tour of the city. After a while I had noticed a particular car that looks familiar so I get...
Same situation with me except my partner took a 2 hour lunch on me when we should only take a hour lunch and came back and didn't say anything or what not like nothing happened. Then next time I...
Why does being honest and truthful person often feel like you are a bad person.
Long time no see Yardiff Bey!
Daughter: Can we get chocolate eggs? chocolate eggs, chocolate eggs!! Mother: No, those are organic eggs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gd3oYFS9g9I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLW1JAVG81o
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QVPUIRGthI
It was after work, but it could have easily been during. It appears I might be able to avoid her, for the most part, as I heard she only works two days a week unless I have to buy something and she...
RANT: Talked to the new worker after work and was with other workers and they were telling her about how I'm the odd/shy guy. She literally was in my face asking me questions and thought I was...
I might have a little but after some thinking I probably still have given it a shot as she was mature, clam, knows what she wanted to do with her life/has experience that many ISTJ's would prefer...
I love teddy bears also, almost have too many. In fact I actually found a build a bear recently at a salvation army and it appeared that it didn't get any love, brand new basically, so I found him a...
2. I was with someone who I learned later into our relationship was years older than me, but I didn't care as they liked me and me them.  Sorry but that's the only question I can answer as the...
No because I have nobody. Years ago I bought a box of chocolates and a small bear for someone special, but I never got the chance to give them to her as I never saw/heard from her after sometime,...
When management learns to leave me alone, if I'm solo, because they know, for the most part, that I do a good job if they leave me alone to do my thing and will get nearly all my work done with some...
Rave: Last week I was solo in one department and another day I was solo in two departments. Both days I had roughly 9 hours of freight and I got everything done with about a hour left to zone but I...
For the most part Soundtracks from movies, games and tv as well as Classical music, so mainly instrumental music, but I sometimes listen to celtic/folk music even some popular classic rock.
Rant: There's one person I've been hating every now now and then. They used to work with us before switching shifts and they have been expecting too much of us and have been adding more things to get...
Seinfeld, The Bob Newhart Show, Wings, Frasier, The Mary Tyler Moore Show, The Dick Van Dyke Show, I.T. Crowd, Blackader, Macgyver, Star Trek: The Original Series, Twin Peaks. I know there's many...
I also work in retail and many of those ring true for me.  I would like to add the following:  - You hate when your co-workers constantly accusing you of not doing your job or always 'somewhere...
Rave: Went out for cart roundup this morning and some guy took a minute or two to thank us for what we do because we are probably not appreciated enough for all that we do to get a store all stocked...
Rant: my sister has been eating my food that I have been buying with my own money and doesn't seem to care. She just sees food and assumes it's for anyone to eat. Also she is the one without a job.
What do other ISTJ's feel about when a manager tells you to do something or says something that doesn't exactly seem logical/not true or seems to be abusing their power in someway.
When you find and buy a fairly uniquely shaped cap that hardly anyone owns and probably the only one in my area and maybe further. You also like that quite a few people that I know or who sees me in...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsKIBVUrROw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLW1JAVG81o
RANT: I've gotten the short end of the stick at work with two being gone, one went to days and one is out for several weeks and another but he just has one extra day off a week until the end of the...
As far as I know you can't downgrade your phones ever without like rooting/unlocking them.  I went away with phones that have heavily modified OS's as they tend to be sluggish and have bloatware...
last week I contacted Consumer Cell asking when they would release Lollipop for the Moto G and they told me that they have no plans on releasing it or Motorola hasn't released it 'yet'. I did...
Count me in.
RANT: Contacted Steam because I tried 3-4 different ways to purchase a sale item that was ending soon at the time. I told them everything I encountered and told them I was buying it for my birthday....
I forgot about mentioning the clu.. well you know. I thought it was because of my last post you mentioned me :blushed:
niss ?
Rant:  Really no more overtime? When I was part time it was just a hassle and ate at valuable time for each consecutive days. Like 15 over one day you have to compensate the next day and probably...'"


1470: 'When I'm not at a busy part in my life, I'll keep everything in my head. When I'm uni, and their is so much going on - I stick post it notes all around my workspace.  I also find it very important...
I like you tends to work :tongue:
Interpersonal thinkers:   Like to think about other people, and try to understand them  Recognise differences between individuals and appreciate that different people have different perspectives ...
I can't speak for others, but I quite enjoy that sort of thing ... :cool:
I'm not certain, but do you pronounce you name like a certain character from 'A game of thrones'?  I should watch tv actually!...I tend to just wait until they are online and watch things that way....
I enjoy reading all of your comments, but I feel perhaps I've gave out the wrong message. I accept who I am. When I mentioned about bullying, I was trying to show how that kind of crap shapes who we...
Thanks for responding :-]    Yeah I give of the same feel when I'm around people I don't really know (like in a lecture hall or something) but yeah, I was subject to a lot of name calling when I...
Thought I would leave it a few days before actually posting ha.  I'll try and give a little background information first. Don't read if you don't like..spoilers..?   First off, I was bullied...
Hmm..I meant it in a Imagine if your bf just read that kind of way ;D
Well....  In fact, I'm not even going into it! Moving swiftly on..
45464  (I try to avoid using pictures, but sometimes they can express how I feel easier than typing it out ha)
I do boring things, but I feel the need to clarify that the one thing I hate the most is being bored.  I guess I enjoy sitting in the bath for hours. Starts off dead hot, then by the time I'm done...
Hmm..again with the Winnie the Pooh haha ;D
haha I like it. I was listening to TDKR soundtrack if that helps explain the comparison ;]
I feel the only way I could live up to the question is if I responded with I'm the Batman but alas, I'm not...  I'll respond when I rise, got to go crime fig.....I mean sleep. I have to go sleep...
I didn't realise how relevant Winnie the Pooh was till I made this thread.. ;P
You seemed to have missed the point- Just move on. It's not necessary to argue something until one victor is left standing. One of the hardest things to do in the world is to convince someone they...
Come on guys, just relax! Any differences that you are having shouldn't be taken out in public. Just move on :)
I had the same thing with the achievements. I don't think they actually stick though, so don't worry about it!  ..Hey! I like to use exclamation marks so that when you read my messages, you shout...
Yeah a few members mentioned it in my intro thread. These are the results if you're interested [It seems to make more sense to others than myself!]  You are a Type 6 with a 5 wing: The Defender ...
I appreciate where you're coming from, I didn't have the best of time wording it. But following on from what you said, it's that I acknowledge we all fall under the ISTJ type, which in itself tells a...
Well that's fine!. It's a pretty open question, but what we like surely plays a part in defining who we are.  Some people will have thought more about this question than others. It could mean...
Oh hey, I didn't get to see it D: Do share!
Not so vague then ;D
I appreciate what you're saying, but that defeats the purpose of my question. I don't want someone else's opinion of who you are, but who you think you are ;]
Right. So to start things off. I acknowledge this thread has probably been done in some way or another in here in the past, but it's probably 3 years old.   So in here, we all collaborate under the...
Ah, the wit.  Welcome.
Thanks for responding! I think I follow most of what you're saying.  In relation to the second paragraph though: I by no means will be defined by a personality type. It's more a case of hey, I...
Finally got the balls to upload a profile picture. This place must be magic or something..(considering I absolutely hate having my picture snapped)
I knew something was off when you used the virgin to describe this as your first forum hah. Welcome!
Why thank you!
Music Personal space Something to do - being bored drives me insane..(which, speaking of which, I have 2 months of nothing before I go back to Uni. Kill me...)  About it. I knew I would struggle...
Yeah it is pretty hard to explain. I think it's probably easier to look at it as being introverted rather than extroverted. For me anyway.  And I don't know if you have tried typing with gloves,...
:o Thank you for the links.
I'm still not completely sure what the definitions are of each set, but I guess you assumed correctly ha.
Much appreciated!
I just stopped :l  When you realise what's done is done and you can't do anything about it (Exception would be when you interact with other people) then it's just a waste of time.  Like after...
I feel I shouldn't have to explain mine..but I always seem to have cold fingers..  I make some many spelling mistakes simply because they're cold and it becomes harder to type.
Ah I used to hate that film. Was gonna watch it on Netflix the other week. I got about 5 minutes in and I said I don't want to do this to myself and turned the film off! Damn my parents for...
I'm not acquainted enough yet to start throwing out names, but we could tip someone off to change their personality type and to starting interesting threads..  And true. While I'm not fully revised...
How about we employ some people from the opposite side to make threads for us?! I don't know about others, but making threads has never really been my cup of team..
I'll be honest, when I'm reading posts on this forum, a lot of it just goes straight over my head.. I'll just stick to the welcome forum I think - things be pretty simple around here..  But i'll...
Found a test on here, here are the results if you're interested  You are a Type 6 with a 5 wing: The DefenderYour tritype is 6w5, 2w1, 1w9.
I'm very very rarely scared these days :l  But I used to be terrified of films as a kid, such as the world ending, or twisters..
Ah ok. Isn't 9 a little to vague?  I find it pretty funny that my degree which I am studying is surveying - matches quite well with the description on a ISTJ ....
What is that?
Yeah I'll try. Doesn't look like there is much to post about though :l
I demand a recipe!  I don't feel I have the right to welcome you here, but still...hello
blood
Howdy.  For a crazy long time I have always been really self-aware of the things I do and think. This lead me to believe I wasn't as much as a personality, rather just someone who just watches...'"


1482: 'I know y'all aren't going to think this is a physical sport, but Go-Karting.
Daft Punk.  But it doesn't stay away forever. It seems the later in the night it gets the more depressed I get.
People who take my feelings for them as granted.
I just hate it when someone, say the girl you like, decides that you aren't worth her time to respond. :unsure:
I know the feeling.. The little things matter to me, like saying hi in the hallways at school, or responding to my texts. Sometimes when people don't do the little things I like I tend to loose...
I hate it when people try and make me dance:angry: I just stand there awkwardly. :crazy:
Story of my life? I hate to say it, but I've lost so many close friends because of my lack of effort into it. The way I look at it is, if they don't spend the time to talk to me, why should I talk...
I never really thought about it that way, but now that I look on the past girls I've liked, they've been pretty hidden and modest..
That sounds slightly similar to my actions when I'm interested in a girl. I never make the first move, and you'd expect that I'd only like girls who try to make an effort to get closer to me but I...
I know, I've never really written anything thats really outrageous. And most of it is anonymous anyway.
I think he was just being really literal and wasn't in the mood to talk about his feelings.. Or he just didn't understand what kinds of feelings you were talking about. Good luck with him!
Yea I'm not your average guy..
Lets see, physical traits.. A pretty face, cute hair, and surprisingly enough huge breasts are a turn off. The first one I notice is probably their face in general. The first personality traits is...
I need to update my grocery list..   Recently I've been telling more. Recently I did something I never thought I'd do, I told the girl I liked that I liked her.. :shocked:  I've noticed that...
One of the things I've noticed about what I've been feeling is that if I say it I would might offend someone, I don't like to do that. I also hate talking about myself..
Thats a great explanation of the feeling. Writing seems to be my best release of feelings and such.
Thats similar to how I am. Unless I'm with someone who makes me genuinely happy I just look  like I'm sad.   This is one of the few ways I can, but most times the person just feels like responding...
Do you actually want my gold? I think you have enough :tongue:  I see exactly where you're coming from, but about 80% of school is unrelated...   Oh and @OutofAmmo, trust me I am..
This question has been on my head since I took my first MBTI quiz. Now I know that there are others out there, so my question to you all is: How do you do it?  Personally I have an extremely hard...
No its fine, I found it hilarious. I was laughing on the inside.
:shocked: Just to let you know.. That thanks was a sarcastic thanks.. :laughing:  Did I just derail my own thread?:unsure:
Does that me we just became.... self aware? :shocked:
Confused.. I think it'll stay that way as long as I am a teenager. Friends, my future, my life, myself and girls (I think thats the most confusing part). The thing about my future is I already know...
You took the words out of my mouth onstar. :crazy:
I wish I could figure out why I care for her so much, why her? What makes her so special? Its not what she does for me, thats for sure. She does nothing for me. But even her doing nothing makes more...
I think to much, rather I over-analyze things too much. I'm all for thought and learning, but not all thinking is good. I can spend hours on the internet learning about what interests me, but I can...
Thanks for all the responses guys and gals :happy: Like I said before I don't drink and that seems to be the main reason for any of you who enjoy parties, so whats left for me? Maybe when I'm older...
When I hear the word passion I immediately think of cars. I just love everything about them and racing (Except for the whole ruining the environment thing) I can't wait till I get my license.. I...
I think what you did was perfect. :P I'd like you to be my friend :tongue: Last time I felt like that (like a month ago :frustrating:) I just liked having a friend to listen to me and pay the utmost...
Via forums and other media sharing type places. Sometimes it just happens.
Thats what I thought the general response was going to be. I guess I don't have many Ixxx friends, they don't seem to understand my dislike of parties.
I was just curious to see what other peoples opinions on this were. Personally I hate parties, I always tend to feel really lonely and depressed at them. I'm in high school and parties are everywhere...
I'm not very artistic, but if someone tells me what to draw I'll be able to draw it to a certain degree. :tongue: Even though I'm only in the most novice sculpture class in my high school I dare say...
Thats more then enough of a reason for anyone. :happy: I loved Tron personally. I wish I was alive for the first one...
I was kind of worried that'd be the answer. :sad:
Excuse me if I'm asking too much or out of place but, how do you feel about this?
I personally hate facebook but because the world uses it relationships can be hard to keep without it.  I wish my close friendships were effortless I always feel like I'm putting way to much...
His description sounds like me or the most part and I'm a ISTJ. The only thing that seems radically different is the fact that I have no self-confidence.
I know the feeling, most of my closest friends have been with me since before I can remember. I've known one of my closest friends since he was one. (I'm a year older)
I have to agree completely with OxidativeCleavage, you did what you needed to get him to stop. Just out of curiosity what kind of kid is he? I noticed that you are part of Generation Y so I'm...
If you connect with me enough or just plain make me happy thats a quick way to become friends with me, but very few people make the jump from acquaint to friends with me. Most of the people I meet...
I've been trying, but thank for the suggestion :happy: The problem is, whenever I open up I feel too open and get afraid of getting hurt. So I close myself back up again. So I only open up with...
I mean I agree completely, I just find it hard to get close with certain people. Like I can talk with many other people, but my closest friends and I tend to think more alike.  Now that I think...
Uhmmm, lets see. The house key, the first 3 ridges are medium sized with a 20* slope. lolwut? Thanks :crazy:
Honestly, I can't put my finger on it. It could be people who don't think logically. Just certain traits just really bother me.. I'm really unsure, I'm still trying to figure myself out.
Hmm, I never really thought of western culture defining someones personality so much. Its just that people who don't think like me get on my nerves, and if someone gets on my nerves or bothers me I...
I could see how that works, Thanks!
Hm, maybe there are more people around me that are similar then I know of.. So chances are if I meet another ISTJ they are a male? Why is that?
I'm sorry if this question has been asked and answered before, :blushed: But I'm not really looking for a statistic, I just want to know many of us are out there. I know some personality types are...
Honestly I've never been a fan of the RX-8, I've heard the new rotaries aren't as reliable as the old ones, but I still love them :P. I wouldn't mind a Supra myself.'"


1501: No, no I haven't. I don't know that I can objectively, I've read too much. I think I need someone to assess me.
I agree with your point about Te, just based on statistics alone it is much more likely that I am istj. But I would still like to explore Si and Ni further.
Thanks for the response, I think your right I will have to have someone help me to type myself as opposed to trying to type myself. I will look on the sub forums as you suggested though.
I don't know how to determine which is my dominant function. Everyone dose both to some extent, but I'm just not sure which is my dominant function. The reason I've started to question this is...
lol, thanks I think I sorted out the female part but I'm still not sure about the S or N part.
How can you tell if you are a istj female or an intj female...please help
Interesting, so you can find different personality types that are high matches (compatible vs the same)  Did you combine it with MBTI by asking them to self report type?  How did you determine...
Would be interesting to see what types you match up with best.  Ok cupid seems to be good at matching people that are the same as opposed to complimentary. For example it would match an intj with...
interesting I feel the same
I know exactly what your talking about, not an intj but what you described is what happens with me.
How long were you together and how long did it take to get over. If you don't mind me asking what was the reason. Was it an intp/istj issue for example him saying he doesn't get enough n type...
My 7 year relationship with an intp just ended.    Istjs how have you dealt with the loss of a long term relationships in which you didnt want the relationship to end and when you still deeply love...
I don't know that I have met one, would like to get to know a infj.
I feel he doesn't like SJ types and that maybe it can't work based on that. His perfectionism is directed outward on to me and he is very critical. Its been 7 years on and off near the end.
Thats exactly it he says he doesn't want to keep hurting me. He says he dosent see a future. I feel like I ve lost him. He says he isn't able to reciprocate in the relationship. I don't know if this...
Have been in a relationship with an intp for 7 years on and off in the last few. He belives we are not compatable and dose not like the way he treats me. He recently broke up with me and says he is...
Have been in a relationship with an intp for 7 years on and off in the last few. He belives we are not compatable and dose not like the way he treats me. He recently broke up with me and says he is...
I am an istj but I feel the same about my type, glad to know I'm not only one. I am very frustrated by unhealthy or underdeveloped istjs.
I feel like I get punished for this all the time : (
No I don't understand how an intp or intj can be religious.It would be very interesting to talk to a religious intp or intj. It seems counterintuitive to me would like to understand it.
Curious, I don't understand how this is possible please explain.
Excited about this tread, I have not seen a lot of posts on intp and istj relationships. I have been with an intp for 7 years on and off in the past few. I could write you a book on Intps. I actually...
Theroretical question what would a relationship bw  an infj and an istj look like is it even possible?
Many people hate being told they are wrong, and bluntness and direct communication is something they see as aggressive. Do you care about what they think when you are direct?
Many people hate being told they are wrong, and bluntness and direct communication is something they see as aggressive. Do you care about what they think when you are direct?
Lol good point
That's fair
Sounds pretty judgmental, I've had a pretty bad experience with an intp type proff so did an intp in the class.
Wait, you have a gf, but your an intp...lol.  Sorry couldn't help myself, its meant in jest.
Omg so true
Hilarious
Pretty dam close to being gods
[QUOTE=Andyb9274;9238570]The only real requirements that I care for are intelligence, kindness and an aversion  to histrionics.[/QUO.  hahahahaha........ah histrionics. Men say they hate them but...
lol....yeah the people skills. i lack them too. but getting along with intjs is so effortless.
If they are underdeveloped or an unhealthy Istj than don't waste your time. If they are not unhealthy and some what developed try to appeal to their sense of logic you may have to prove that you are...
Nashville, lol.
Have you grown up with a narsacistic mother? Please share your experience and how it has affected you. How do you deal with it? What negative consequences have you suffered as result? Open to all...
Sounds really  nice, I can hear the silence. The only thing that could make that better would be free hot dogs. Oh I didn't k ow they were banned. New to world of internet forums.
Its the difference bw intps and intj, intjs want you to understand if its important to them. Intps gave up 5 mins ago and mentally/physically walked away.
Those the nosie that comes with parades bother intjs as well? I don't like nosie distracts me from my thoughts, but maybe that's an S thing and N types can tune it out.
Lol, I enjoy being physically close to my intp but in slience so we can both be with our thoughts or sometimes listening to music in the car. But mostly the silence.
It sounds harsh it is but his intention wasn't to hurt me. He didn't really think that one through. Blunt honsesty is part of the istj/intp package, I just wish he didn't feel that way.
Thanks will respond with a private message when I have chace
I feel that your description is very accurate, I know how hard it is for them but I guess the it not being natural didn't matter because I see the effort involved and means a lot to me.
From what I see on the forums it seems to be rare, I have seen female intps with male istjs but not the other way around. The relationship is currently on the rocks, we have been together for seven...
I really like intjs, I have an intj boss and we get along very well. I never have to worry about hurting his feelings or what is politically correct. He is happy to theoretically disscus anything and...
We seem to be hopelessly draw to each other we have taken breaks where we have each dated other people. Personally I have dated S types and I find myself looking for the escape hatch while they fall...
My intp bf thinks all istjs me included are boring...and the sad part is that I see it too and find most other istjs boring...I wish he at least didn't think that, I wish I was an n type.
Thanks, nice to know there are different intps. Its been seven years and I don't know that I can do this for very much longer unless I see real change in him. My problem is that if it doesn't work...
The boring factor is big for him, not having the same mental abilities/perspective, the predictability....he hates it when the istj at his work offers helpful suggestions bc he sees the suggestions..."


1505: 'It's mostly rough guessing and process of elimination - Based on what I recall from the later books, Snape's whole deal with James seems quite negative Fi. I'm pretty sure he has to be an introvert...
I just started rereading the books! Just finished Goblet of Fire today, but I still haven't determined many characters yet. So far, Harry - ISFP Ron - ExFP Hermoine - inclined to say ISTJ, but...
Some undone Ace Attorney sketches I probably don't plan to touch again:  http://i.gyazo.com/3aee0bb847eb8363d3b6fbee9e5717eb.png I attempted to use a colour palette for this one, but gave up...
This isn't really a proper way to phrase the question, if anything. However, I do truly feel that I'm really disconnected with my emotions. It's become a problem so frequent that it builds up a...
http://25.media.tumblr.com/d05b0cc89d5a20b798a775f145705015/tumblr_mic11lFmEn1s64k2wo1_100.png
Simon Blackquill is an interesting character and I have been considering his MBTI type between ISTJ and INTJ for quite awhile. I've seen people who's typed Blackquill as INxP, but I really can't...
Whatever do you mean by pigeon hole? I've never seen inferior Ne as a way to keep myself optimistic, actually. In my case, inferior Ne is usually what I believe is causing many paranoid attacks in...
Just apples.
I'm assigned female at birth, though with the recent recognition of neutral genders around the Internet, I'm honestly slowly drifting away from the label of female.  But yes, while identifying as...
Arakkun : I'm interested to know: why ENTP for Kano? I've always felt that he's more of a Se user/ESTP. Se usually enjoys expressing themselves via pictures - like the time he sent Kido a selfie...
I haven't watched or followed Hetalia in a long time, but I did attempt to type the characters before:  N. Italy: ExFP Germany: ISTJ Japan: ISFJ/INTP  America: ESxP England: INTJ (though I...
Gyazo - f09ac98a2ea74be217a4e35ceb1ddd53.png
http://i.imgur.com/aEKBmvJ.png
That's true, I guess. It's simply that Edgeworth's games has much more options when investigating that heavily relates to how he thinks and operates, since the game is much more investigation-based....
[/quote]
I've actually seen people argue that Phoenix is ENTP due to his snide comments, so you could consider that as well - I'm not too confident in regards to how I type Phoenix. I am replaying the games...
Currently, I see Phoenix as ENFP. I don't have a lot of reasons to go off it, though. He generically seems like a Ne user solely because of the surprises he pulls off in court. AJ Phoenix really...
a quick sketch of an OC:  http://i.gyazo.com/7748a9b43d17d26add1eadb86472d2c9.png
Most unfortunately, no, I don't. I still do see some of them around my neighbourhood/public transport, though, which is a relief. It's always nice to know that they're still around and living well....
I don't take significant photos, but I do have a habit of taking photos of the sky, so here's one by Marina Bay, Singapore: http://i.imgur.com/1Sj0WDj.jpg
I do this with MBTI with every series I've hooked myself into. Sometimes, when it's obvious enough, I do it with Enneagram as well.  I currently have a bad case of this with Ace Attorney - I plan...
My favourite subject happens to be History. I don't know why, but I find it really easy to get absorbed into this subject and memorise everything from top to bottom.  On the other hand, my least...
Phoenix Wright: ENFP Maya Fey: ENFP Mia Fey: ENFJ Miles Edgeworth: ISTJ Dick Gumshoe: ISFP Larry Butz: ESFP
Singapore - ESTJ. Competitive, and their strict laws (as seen by the fines).
really rare - and basing off typical ISTJs, it's most likely not effective at all. if anything, I can just imagine a person of another type staring blankly. putting in effort just for the sake of...
based on stereotypes and personal experience, Gryffindor: usually ExxP Hufflepuff: there's a lot of xSxPs I know in Hufflepuff, especially ISxPs. Ravenclaw: INTP, INTJ, that sort. Slytherin:...
Seto is ESFJ. Personally, I think Kano is more of an ESTP. He totally gives off those Se-dom vibes. Imagination Forest sort of makes Mary seem more like an INFP... Though I don't have a lot to...
This is a bit of an odd question as I know types usually take time to develop, but has anyone ever faced situations when you were young, and when you think back about it, you realise Hey, this...
ISTJ, still staying close to my family's religion (Buddhism), but I'm slowly fading out of it.
I'm going to give this dead thread a little bump on my thoughts for SDR2. My typings for DR1 isn't complete yet since I'm unsure about a lot of things and I haven't given the series another look. ...
Yes, I do. I have a habit of looking at every corner of my pages, just to see if I want to polish anything up.
Exploring the forums, of course. That aside, I'm also browsing for songs to keep myself awake.
thank you for the welcomes! it's strange to know that I've been lurking around longer than some of you, but I'm sure I'll be having a nice time here.
I don't know the types of my grandparents, since most of them aren't with us any more.  ENFJ mom + ISTP dad = ISTJ (myself) and my (most likely) ESFJ brother.
I've never really known an ESTJ for a long time, but from what I've seen and heard ESTJs usually tend to lose their cool and their lectures can get very extensive and unreasonable if something...
currently playing Professor Layton mostly for the plot. the puzzles can be a bit interesting, otherwise very unexpected and not of my liking.
I voted ESTP, because they'd probably be the most brave to deal with the aliens before all the other types. Though, ENFJ does come in as a close second.
YES. trust issues has always been a big thing for me. I always have this aching suspicion stopping me from trusting people all the time, and the idea of them lying never goes off. of course, it...
probably the most typical scenario, but... Someone: I made it on time! ISTJ: No, you're 5 seconds late.
oh, I didn't know Type 5 ISTJs were that common! I'm a 1w9 ISTJ, and all to be honest I expected 6 and 1 to be the most common out of all the nine types seeing how I've never met a type 5 ISTJ....
I'm about the same IRL and online, except I'm usually a bit more expressive and less scary sounding online. I can be a lot more demanding IRL, too.
Obvious, but I bolded those I related to the most.
Oh, this is interesting. Let's see, from my point of view...  ENFPs are quite noticeable when you talk to them. ENFPs usually suggest a lot of ideas that usually come off as bizarre (at least from...
ISTJ. As an ISTJ myself, I can testify to that. I hang out with a group with a lot of ESFPs, INFPs, and ENFPs, and I'm the one who usually has to keep everyone in check from going overboard when...
hello there, I've been lurking around certain threads on the forums for a year or so now and I figured I might as well show myself now.  my username leads to my first name (conflictingdusk, the...'"


1541: I don't know where it came from but I have a great love of Christmas. Growing up, my parents celebrated it but I don't think they got into it at quite the level that I do. I really love Christmas...
A friend living on the floor below me thought he was an INTJ and we were all pretty unconvinced. I thought he was an ISTP myself. Turns out that he's an ISTJ. He made a joke that his life has been a...
I don't have much time to play recently but I played quite a bit of PunchOut Wii on Saturday. Next chance I get, I'd like to finish it, it's a lot of fun for someone who loved the original!
Turns out one of the windows in the living room was open and the wind was blowing in. Still kinda cold but definitely better.
I moved to the midwest for graduate school, Chicago to be exact. It's been so cold lately but today is the worst because of the wind chill. It's 7 degrees now with wind chill but was -2 this morning....
Lizzie McGuire was my favorite show in middle school. Here's my opinion.   Lizzie - INFJ She's trying to balance being herself with wanting to be liked by others, which to me seems like a battle...
Wondering why everyone is seeing Ni instead of Si in Haruhi and Kyoya? There's nothing about Haruhi's actions that say Ni to me. And Kyoya is very much into creating and supporting systems. He also...
How I Met Your Mother The Big Bang Theory Doctor Who Pretty Little Liars The Millers  I was following the anime Danganronpa but it ended. And even though it's an old show, I like to make time...
I definitely obsess over things. When I discovered just how great the Beatles were, I ended up listening to all of their albums, reading articles in a special Rolling Stones magazine about them,...
I had an interesting conversation on soulmates with a couple devout Catholics, one an ISTJ and the other a friendly extrovert. I can't remember it too well, but I believe their stance on it was that...
I always thought Kim was an ESFJ. She's very smart and a good problem solver but nothing she did screamed intuitive to me. She's very good at fitting into society and a lot of her troubles come from...
My whole family on my dad's side is pretty competitive. Before I was born, my family was playing Monopoly once. It came down to my my uncle and aunt, and my aunt ended up winning. It got so intense...
I do really like Settlers of Catan, but I've only played it once. It just made a really good impression on me! But I've forgotten how to play so I might make a really bad opponent.
chess
Punch
Sort of. I still have them but they are kind of dirty. They're converse, the only tennis shoes I have that aren't meant to be worked out in are converse. I have a grey pair, a white pair, and a black...
I don't really do crazy things, the craziest thing I did was buy shoes that cost 50 dollars impulsively. I was shoe shopping with a friend and he found out that he could save ten dollars on shoes if...
2  Expressing Regret     10 Accept Responsibility     2  Make Restitution     4  Genuinely Repent     2  Request Forgiveness  I wasn't expecting such a huge score on just one of them. But it...
Very, very angry at my inconsiderate neighbors right now. My apartment walls are very thick, you can't really hear people talking, running the vaccuum cleaners, etc. And yet I can hear the bass of...
I think Armee might be an ISTJ. I'm still not sure about Palir because any type can be insecure like that but I would guess he's some type of feeler.
When I write stories, I love typing the characters.  Here's my guesses as to what your characters might be.   Hall Shinestone: ISFJ or ESFJ Lune Nightshell: Some sort of FP Cybil Dreamchart: ENFP...
Does your wife agree with you? Because if she doesn't, you better suck it up :tongue:
Super
Sorry if I got too defensive. I'm afraid I don't have the information, it was something I learned in my Lifetime Development class. We were having a discussion on sex in the teenage years. My...
I wasn't sure, PerC told me it wasn't spelled right.  I'm sorry if that doesn't logically make sense, but I didn't make it up. At any rate, it isn't how many times you have sex, it's your number of...
I am against the idea of casual relationships or FWB and I think a lot of good things have been said that I don't need to repeat. But I would like to bring up the psychologically bad part of it. When...
I just finished Princess Tutu:  Duck/Princess Tutu: ENFP Mytho: ISFP? Fakir: ISTJ Rue: INFJ Drosselmeyer: ESTP
Wings
Saria: ISFP Darunia: ESTJ Ruto: ENFJ Malon: ESFJ
Why do you say F? Not that I'm doubting you, just wondering what your logic is since I have no idea myself whether he would be an F or a T.   For what it's worth, he based the main character of...
From what I've seen, he doesn't stick too well to schedules. The actors joke about his scripts being late and he announced that Sherlock was coming out earlier then what his wife (the producer)...
beast
attraction
dissecting
Every time that I've been in a plane without Dramamine I've gotten sick. I used to get sick in cars sometimes but I haven't gotten really sick in a car since middle school. I can read in a car and do...
desktop
surprise
Have any of you guys ever acted or done improvisation? ISTJs typically tend to be more reserve and careful about how they come across, so being a different person and letting everything go loose...
I'm assuming you mean John Lennon? I'm not really into conspiracy theories about Beatles songs. IMO, it's been overdone already. Thanks for the suggestion though.
Been reading up on the Beatles some more, little things here and there have made me get ISTJ obsessive about them again. Was reading up on John Lennon. Every time I read something new on him, he gets...
oxygen
I love CafePress! I use them for dog related stuff and the occasional Doctor Who. I went with your idea of the mug. I looked up the reference on the mug on Wikipedia because I've never seen Seinfeld.
Well, the problem is that everybody and their mother knows that he likes Seinfeld and I feel like that's their go to idea. So he probably has a bunch of stuff. I know he has all the DVDs and a...
The best: Peanuts Christmas Special, White Christmas, Muppets Christmas special (not the Muppets Christmas Carol but the special that was made for tv), The Holiday, Mickey's Christmas Carol, Mickey's...
house
I could do that, there's just a few reasons why that's not my first choice of action. 1. The girls in my family tend to pride ourselves in being original and not having to ask or use wish lists in...
I have a random question. I thought about making a topic but it is not that important.  I have had a new brother-in-law for a little over a month and I've only met him at two different times, one...
I'm in the mood to watch the movie Anastasia. I'm currently listening to the soundtrack. I can't find the actual movie anywhere though (checked youtube, netflix, and hulu). I can spend money and rent...
ghostbusters
hard"


1566: 'CallSignOWL's post reminded me of a question.   Do you guys seem to prefer geometric shapes? I prefer drawing swords and buildings.
It seems my writing with this one was either better or the story was more entertaining. There are less loose ends in it at least. I have to go threw and put the blank lines back in the story when I...
Lux's Death, by Mark Coveny (published 1-14-10)  Yanked by my shirt, dad tore me from the cupboard. I did not see a sword, so it meant father just wanted to beat on me. I deflected the first punch...
Ah the quandary that is control/power.  Letting someone know that they are in your heart gives them power over you. Have you ever thought that it also gives you power over them? Because it does....
People general use a few basic masks. All of them lets parts of themselves threw if you know where to look. Here's some examples.  The spammer. She will talk your ear off about all sorts of stuff....
Are you sure she's ISTJ?   If you believe in fulfilling your duties it tends to make you the oppisite of flakey. It makes you dependable.  As for how to approach things. I want to reitrate what...
I'm 37 and I would say I have 3 friends. My mother, my daughter, and my current girlfriend. My daughter gets me or at least her version of me, but I don't see it continueing as she grows older.  ...
The banshee is actually a female. The lore is that the reason the fay replaced human children with changelings is because fairy mothers don't produce milk. So for her child to survive Boglamore must...
Thanks Lilsnowy! My girlfriend also indicated that I left many loose ends in the story. My belief was that I couldn't explain every action/motive in a short story. Several things are hinted at, but...
I find competition most interesting, but I don't compete much in person anymore.(it has too many negative repercussions) I also like debating, but again rarely do it in person unless it's a group...
You haven't given me much to work with as far as what type of person she is. However if she's ISTJ the feeling may stem from a belief that because she can't fulfill what she believes as her duties...
Thanks!   Some of the things people who've read it have said are: It's busy. (He wouldn't explain exactly what that ment though, but he seemed to feel it very strongly.) Another said it was...
Awesome post Stoic. Looks like you have to focus on your social skills just like me.   I am curious how do you work on generosity? I assume your not talking about simply giving money away, but...
And I spell bad too....
Ya I get a bit snappy when I'm really focused on something. My mother called it tunnel vision.  I don't really have any problems with anexity, but I am both dexlisic and ADD. (Although I think ADD...
Shameless post to try to get you guys to check out my short story. http://personalitycafe.com/art-museum/10871-please-cirtique-short-story.html#post225895  Let me know whatcha think please.
Does writing stories count? http://personalitycafe.com/art-museum/10871-please-cirtique-short-story.html#post225895  Let me know whatcha think of it please I'm still working on my writing.
Ok I posted it, let me know whatcha think. And be sure to check for spelling/grammar too please.  http://personalitycafe.com/art-museum/10871-please-cirtique-short-story.html#post225895
Banshee's Mourn, by Mark Coveny   I stalked the family of three, as they trudged through their day time routines. I formulated a plan to steal a closer look at the infant. The search of the...
Ya Azrael not having a job sucks. I found myself in my situation before I got this job. It's hard to be upbeat when your worring about feeding the kids. Good luck in your search, it's tough out...
Personally I'm always trying to move toward the person I want to be. I understand it will never fully happen but I enjoy watching the progress and seeing the results.  Currently working on: Being...
The two ways I go against the grain: 1) I don't like sports. 2) I don't like legos  [ducks]  I painted when I was younger, but my teachers wouldn't teach me to paint what I wanted so I moved on....
Personally I find small talk boring. Also sports, and all the Did you see what Buffy's wearing? Oh my god! kind of stuff.
Hey if I make a new one would you mind cirtiquing it for me? I'd like to try out some of the new stuff I've learned.
It's very beautiful. :happy:
Yes it was suppose to be an autobiography. Similar to interview with a vampire but with an alternate storyline. The detachment wasn't something I understood at the time. Since then I've been more...
Hope you like it, I know it's a bit dark. This was written many years ago by me. I haven't edited it or anything to polish it into a better story though.
I am a vampire. Its a strong statement that, use to instill fear but now it just instills laugher. I wouldnt have it any other way. I remember what it was like to be hunted and watched. In todays age...
I'm definately NOT cool. hehe You've given me an inclination to find that old short story and post it in the ISTJ forums. Show we have some creativity and whatnot. :shocked:
Mercer thanks. I'm glad if the advice helped.  I would like to make a comment on people don't know what they want. I've found that few people do much in the way of analitical introspection to...
Ya Flipit I struggled with the lying thing as well. I finally decided that it's just society. They lie to themselves and everyone around them. Your the bad guy if you out their lie, so I let them...
Thanks! I've actually read about 100 books of fiction. I wrote a short story about vampires as well. I'm trying to be more professional about this project though so I've been trying round out my...
Well the killer and the bully are actually on the good guys side. hehe The bully is the main characters boss, and the killer is his friend. Many humans have died and the ones who are left are...
Sadly Hohum by staying with this guy your reinforcing the belief that manpulating woman is the only way to get/keep them. (Not that any of my advice was manpulative) If you are with a man who...
This has been very interesting to read. I've never been called a robot, but I've been told many times that I needed to have more empathy, and quit being so brutally honest. That I didn't understand...
Abu I'm glad I gave you a good laugh.  It's a bit off topic but I've found different types of people prefer advice given to them in different ways. Some prefer a more (for lack of a better term)...
I seem to be posting about everything else. hehe So I might as well post on this too! This one is gonna sound a bit wierd though so bare with me.  I like math and I tend to think of things in...
For me it's about what your suppose to do. The army had an ancryomn call PDA. The rule was no PDA. (Public Displays of Affection) To this day when I see a couple in public all over each other, I...
Well from what I'm reading the desire to have others admire you = Extrovert  The fact that she gets depressed about never measuring up leans toward = Feeling  She's depicted as feeling like...
Forgot one:  Adult Female Socialite wanna be: ENFJ She wants to have a great display of material items. She is likes to have alot of friends but no friends who are really close to her. She likes...
Awesome, sounds like things are moving along greatly. Always good to hear a success story.:happy:
My user name, is my last name, I use it on everything. Makes things easy to remember.
Thanks again everyone. I do seem outnumbered! hehe I'm really enjoying it as people seem to be very open frank discussion. Very refreashing.
Mercer thanks.  Lil Snow glad we could see eye to eye.  I'm alittle old so you might not get this but ...  I love it when a plan comes together!
Thanks the bully I have in mind is a high status joke type. I've changed him to TP.
Personally I feel like everyone manipulates to some degree. I had some control freak issues when I was younger, and I prolly still have some now. (but I work on it) I just noticed that we are...
Ok changed the tinkerer to NT. The bully to SF?  Thanks for the advice.
Changed the religion zealot to Judging.   Can you give me a link to what the Fe and Ni mean? I've just started looking threw the whole Myers-Briggs indicator thing. I assume it's some kind of...
Math, aww the sweet logic of cold hard math.
The sterotype for ISTJ is manipulative?  Please direct me to this. I've seen nothing that indicates this at all. (although I won't disagree with some issues of being a control freak)'"


1662: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOgfZHxTgts
Lyrics are quite good but i don t like what they do with music....it sounds like someone in bend wants to sabotage them   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agWwSsCP6KI
One should forgive one's enemies, but not before they are hanged.
Nightfall in Middleearth - Blind Guardian
3 Expressing Regret   4 Accept Responsibility   9 Make Restitution   1 Genuinely Repent   3 Request Forgiveness                                                       Make Restitution
No...when you broke up with a person there must be a pretty good reasons and thinking that you ve overreacted later is just pink glasses
19 out 36
i find it difficult to find friends cause most people describe me like unsociable asshole.....which in fact i am if you want call person that have no desire to talk with people i don t like and...
Allo allo.......genious show from end of 80
Cool but like nothing changes in song.....same tune all song   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ga2wJFGaSQg
Assasins Creed IV: Black Flag
Harry Dresden, Uthred Of Bebbanburgh, King Arthur, Owen Deathstalker, The Doctor, John Taylor, Shadowthrone......
Boondoock saints: All saints day
Then remember good times even if they were lie. Sometimes truth just isn t good enough
You are an Inventor        Your imagination, self-reliance, openness to new things, and appreciation for utility combine to make you an INVENTOR.
The old sailors who traveled Earth's seas were said to have loved the  ocean. The great captains said they were married to the sea or called  the sea their mistress. Modern sailors held no such...
Simple beautiful. It s like beggining of something new....full of hope but also fear. Simply beautiful    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raBJdS2CmTM
Titan AE
so you re saying she acts like female?
i rather enjoy when people tells me i m scary
Personality of suzie shooter, look of molly carpenter and mind of hermione granger
Don t like it but i m using it cause there aren t any normal phones to buy
I actually more like publishing houses that aren t directly under DC but they are part of it example Vertigo comics. Dc has great stories and great heroes just their problems are multiple series...
I think charity organisations are fraud for money laundering so i ll never give them anything.....and from my experience most people who are beggars are just too lazy and they don t want work
only when i m drunk
i don t take notes
I have no idea how women think
i don t care what anyone thinks of me
The Dark Eye: Demonicon
Dream
Fury
Imothep
what do you consider by romantic period?
Alexandar
psychology is a fringe science
imperator
STAR WARS (original trilogy)
Moff
Alderaan
Tsunami
Firefly
Point
people are cheap assholes it doesn t have anything to do with personality......go to them and say them you want money now
i don t have internet
no
One should forgive one's enemies, but not before they are hanged.
mix between german shepard and illyrian sheepdog
capricorn
why don t they just shoot Voldemort?
star wars'"


1690: 'Introverts: People who are not scared crapless of their own company.
My husband and I don't have fights. The format is: He screams his head off, and I stomp off to another room and think about the joys of widowhood. Then we give each other the silent treatment for a...
And Yardiff Bey is back! Man, I HAVE been away a long time.
Thank you jcal ! Yes, all is well. Life is good.
Random: She's back! Hiya everyone!
Here are their MBTI types as I figure them - though I'm a bit hesitant about Hitch.  Troy: ISFJ  Hitch: ESFP  Moffitt: INTJ  Tully: ISTP
He's baaaaaack!!!!
Dali is horrific to an ISTJ.
In this division, we do not mix sentimentality with surgery. - Ed Asner as a German doctor in The Rat Patrol (episode The Life Against Death Raid). Might work for an INTP, too.
May as well go cognito all the way. My parents are Israeli. They spent a year in Georgia (Dad did chemistry research) and so I was born here. Then after that one year, it was back to Israel. Over my...
After that taping, I sat in the studio audience with Josh, the guy I had beaten, and we both cheered for Robert in the episode that will be aired tonight. After that taping, the studio broke for...
It's amazing how fast the mind can work (unless you're searching for the answer...) In the few seconds it took Alex to read the last clue on the board (hymns for 2,000), I looked up at the scoreboard...
nosilla, you are a sweetheart! I should be married to you! Karl bitched about it three times - Don't ever wear that jacket again, the sleeves need to be tailored, yak yak yak! LOL
Sure! Give us a few days, and I'll PM you. Thanks!
The husband recorded it, and will try to make an electronic file and post it on OneDrive or something.  I'll PM those who missed it and want to see.  Thank you guys!!!!!!!!
Thank you Sela !!
Thank you jcal jamaix stone100674 !!! It was great knowing that you were rooting for me.  My husband (who was not present at the taping): You look scared to death! Me: I *was* scared to death!
Yay Sela!!! My stepdaughter came to visit us a year ago, and to run a half marathon in our state. She's run many of those, but only in Illinois, Indiana, and Wisconsin. We're on the East Coast. Her...
Thank you @Sela and @AllyKat ! Didn't realize you were in the U.K. When I was 10, we lived in Glasgow for a year, and when I was 16, we lived in Oxford for a year. They were awesome, awesome cities....
stone100674: Good luck. We've reached the age where the body doesn't always react the way we want it to. And it hurts.  Everyone else: HOAs are busybody Nazis. No one tells me how many cats I can...
My new obsession - The Rat Patrol. Five hot men in the desert FTW. 410578
Maybe she exists in order to make Katy Perry seem palatable by comparison.
I wonder - if she had actually finished high school, would she have gotten it out of her system and moved on? Since she hadn't, she's doomed to re-live the senior prom she never went to for the next,...
I am still trying to figure out why she exists.
Thanks Out0fAmmo! Glad to hear you're within North American television range. Stay safe.  It sure worked snowbell!
You're so sweet!!! I didn't wear a bear, but I wore a ring with ladybirds. A counselor I had once told me that at public appearances, or stressful times, I could hold or wear something whose touch...
Forgot to say - the last commercial break is the longest. They give us pen and paper so we can calculate our wagers (we can see how much we have and how much the other contestants have). They tell us...
They said they'd take out California taxes, and I guess they'll take out Federal taxes. Then I'll have to report it to my state, too...   During the breaks, the following things happen:  1....
Thank you!!!
Thank you everyone!!
Thank you stone! Glad to see that your reapers are making you famous. I played a part in that, as we know.  As I have checked  Alex and Jeopardy! off my bucket list, the new entry that replaces...
My ISTP husband says: I'd better go check the oil in your car, or I put a new antivirus program on your computer.  The practical stuff - that makes me go awwww.   [Collective eye-roll from...
They'd be the ones wearing shirts adorned with cacti.
For those of you in North America, please tune in to Jeopardy! on October 19, to watch this ISTJ have a fun time with Alex Trebek and a frustrating time with that darn buzzer. :proud: :blushed:...
Emotions are OK. I don't think your ISTJ is opposed to you expressing your emotions. BUT, it sounds like he already has a full plate in his life, and maybe I'm reading too much into your original...
368706
It's official: CSM is a genius. GRACIAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My Spanish comprehension problems seem pretty easy now. :hypnotysed:
The weirdest thing. I just saved something as a PDF, and my Adobe Reader (X) switched to Spanish. All the options are in Spanish. Huh??? I've never done anything in Spanish. What's going on? ...
I hope she found them and took care of them. Cute lil things.
I worried about whether the activities I latched on to were coping mechanisms or in fact escapism. I still don't know. They included sudoku marathons, baseball-watching marathons, and countless hours...
Common-speak: Early adopters. ISTJ-speak: Idiots who chase every fad.
I liked James Read, his squinchy eyes, and his cleavagey wife. Never understood the appeal of Patrick Swayze and the adulteress he was in love with.
Your moment of awwwwwwwww.  350546
Got mine at Walmart. Maybe Home Depot has them too.
Yup! Works great, too, as long as you avoid contact with cacti.  Seriously, it's so much easier to carry and maneuver than those heavy rubber hoses.
It's one of those hoses that are fabric-y looking and crumpled, and they fill up when you turn on the water. It's black with a green stripe - the cats think it's a snake.  No mildew that I've...
Good luck!!!
Dear Editor in Chief: I enjoyed the May issue of XYZ. I do think, however, that adding a proofreader to the staff would increase the professional look of the publication. The number of grammatical...
He was awesome in The Muppets Treasure Island as Mr. Arrow - That does not look safe!'"


1742: 'as Orelli pointed out your parent will always love you and they will always worry, try to help you and make sure you get the best. I fully understand that it might be annoying to have them on your...
They aren't sure of when it started but I was in depression at the age of 13-14 and lasted to around 18-19 what happened is that I was doing alot of sport and had alot of pressure on me too much in...
I have had long term crush because I never had the guts to go and ask them XD and i still can't I'm too shy and afraid of rejection
-I find essential having basic cooking knowledge ex: I had class when I was younger and my parent always required that I help cooking or get a cookbook from your mom.  -Internet I think is essential...
Is it possible to be both?
Money is simply money it buy stuff and you get it from working or gift
So static is like I do things sometimes but not anything too extreme And dynamics is I speak and tell her all the time and show her I love her if that the case then I'm static
Fun
1)I would send a subtle message as in I don't like you anymore 2)maybe play a mean trick on them 3)eventually it would go away I guess but I will always have a little something for the person I...
i have to agree with zeth thinking does not make you cool only make you realise everyone else around you doesn't think XD
You are a Logical-Mathematical Thinker*Logical-Mathematical thinkers:Like to understand patterns and relationships between objects or actionsTry to understand the world in terms of causes and effects...
i think drugs should be taken only if needed and when took under the supervision of a psychiatrist taking drugs to escape reality or for fun is simply retarded drugs since it just not good for your...
i think a stubborn ISTJ can achieve anything it wants because when a stubborn istj really want something they become machine of work and success toward what they want
actually im kinda cheating i have ADHD so intrusive thinking is controlled by my medication XD
wake if hello ever tells you something like  I LOVE YOU !!!!!!!!!!!!! i suggest you run real fast because she probably gonna be really angry
i like isfj they come to the istj forum wich make them cool person :D
if i had to summarize limerence i would do it like that   lack of confidence + doubt = limerence that why rejection remove someone from a limerent state because if you do lack of confidence +...
i voted 5 because im the most stubborn guy i ever knew i changed what was suppose to be a 15 min meeting into a 2 hour 30 min raging debate (wich of course i ended up winning) and arguing rocks
i would love if you could provide me link to these studies you are talking about  and doctoring is wide, a doctor could encourage you to eat better and do sport but he couldn't teach you to eat...
that soooooo true but we are nice when we are in couple i mean we are the best in couple
just wait for them to divorce and support her in her divorce
oh wow limerence make a while i didn't look at this subject. i think ISTJ could look they are like limerent toward the person they like but the obsessive part of limerence is really BIG and i dont...
i thought most of ISTJ learned better trought visual maybe you should try that
i hate beign the leader but somehow it always end up on me leading  and when im not leader the one leading always make decision on what i think is good or they trust me for important job so...
i dont maybe but if you cant take the right decision for that kid because you are emotionally implied and empathy and emotion are not necessarily needed that just an idiot moral principle of not...
i think you are istj but i might be wrong   ps. try thus spake zarathoustra from nietzche  go take a look at kant and freud too :D
actually i think 1 of the reason istj go so well with isfj is simple. like petal said earlier istj keep their emotion bottled up to function correctly and the isfj kinda take care of that emotional...
dont want to be negative but ISTJ + ENFP = rarely working out   note : too much text
i think about horses obviously....
next time i wil explait it like that   3+3 = 6 so even if you do 2+2+2 the result is still 6 XD
that make no sense because to not think about something you have to think about not thinking on it wich mean everytime you are ignoring it you are thinking about it
I HAVE THE ANSWER BEEEEEEEER !!!!!!!!  no seriously i dont think i need to be more outgoing because party are not that fun anyway XD
but anyway it great if you see us as person who do more for other but i dont think we are special  but i dont think you are selfish even if you dont give money to the homeless because this money is...
i think selfishness should be spoken of carefully. why? Because people are selfish even without realising it wich mean, when you say other people are selfish you are yourself being selfish  ex: if...
maybe what you consider nice we see it as normal or forced  ex : if 1 of my friend have problems for any reason and i try to help him then i dont consider it nice i think it was my duty because hes...
hypocrite and unfair people or 99.999999999% of the planet  and people who say they have value and are moral
yes shes the 1 i liked  and i like number 5 it is really a love killer number 1 too XD
i made a huge plan telling group A i loved someone Group B someone else and i told group C i loved them she was in group C the day after that i pretended it was a joke and that i was toying with them...
im an atheist because for me there no solid proof god could exist and for politics nothing really i live in canada (quebec) and i think we have the worst politician ever so i vote for the Rhino party
well since the girl i liked told me we are only friends i became less and less in love with her that the only way i know
sela how can you have trouble putting a coat ? if you want i can make a Tuto it rather easy XD   nah seriously i think politeness and the way the person speak is very important
because they aint the common retard i have to deal with everyday
i am the serious looking guy i have 4 pair of pants they are all the same and many single colored polo todat it a blue polo YAY
you forgot that ENFP have to get along with ISTJ too ARMY=55% ISTJ
at the age of 8 i killed that spirit it never came back NEVER !!!
i am over analysing too might be due to the fact i have anxiety problem too
that why i bought a apache model WAH-64D   trafic XD With my 30mm canon, my hydra 70 rocket and my AGM-114 Hellfire missile i make trafic unexistant   (the 30mm canon shoot deepleted uranium...
give you a hug !!!!! Nevar i want ta innovate and be unique caps ftw   OH NO I HAVE BEEN UNCAPSED
i tought lack of self esteem was the other way around not being able to ask someone out or not reveal feeling due to thinking you will be rejected   if you want you can have an E-hug from me to...
the thing is like so cute and it has  PINK SKIN !!!!!! and black eye and it SMILE TOO i feel like hugging it   (i dont even know what type im doing but this clearly aint me :D)'"


1760: 'Once I'm in one, I love it.  When I'm in a relationship with someone I REALLY enjoy being around, my life is great.  When I'm single, not so much.  I just have trouble actually getting into said...
Most of the time: yes.  On an average day, I probably won't feel any emotions.  Indifference is just kind of a normal thing for me.  This isn't always true, though.  A few years ago when I was...
I used to do it back in high school sometimes.  I rarely did it on tests, but I would copy other peoples homework all the time because I knew how to do the material, I was just too lazy to do it. ...
I'm not overly neat or organized.  I usually keep stuff in general areas, but I'm not afraid to let stuff just lay around in rooms.  I don't bother making my bed or reorganizing anything more than...
I wasn't really too big into music before 7th grade.  I had a few Linkin Park songs I had heard on the radio driving to school, but that was about it.  Then I started listening to System of a Down in...
Mindgamess, you understood exactly what I was trying to say with my post.  I agree with you 100% that FWB are better than one night stands.
Overall, I really don't like the idea of either of the things this thread is about.  It seems like a waste of time if I don't see any future with her.  I'm looking for a girl that I can spend my life...
A classic song.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYYUR21_G9c
Excuse the eyes.  The sun was bright.  http://i.imgur.com/nhTaQ.jpg
I'm a terrible actor and I hate acting.  Its just so unnatural and to be quite honest, embarrassing.  I'm not the character, nor can I portray them correctly.  I'd rather be me.
Terribly so.  I'm constantly doing things that remind me of my past.  For example, something as simple as playing Pokemon Red/Blue will take me back to elementary school.  Sitting in my friends...
1. It means that he at least enjoys talking to you at the very least.  Which is always a good sign. 2. Sure.  I'm completely open to long distance relationships and long as my partner is as...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iLwv6VeUlA
I don't mind when people want to help me out some when I'm sick.  I just don't like when people start to make a big deal out of it.  Usually I'm taking the sickness in stride and my parents are...
Package Handler at Fedex Ground fits the bill pretty well.  You either load trailers with packages or you unload the packages from a trailer for 4-5 hours.  It's usually just you in a trailer, so...
On an average day, I usually think about these things at least once:  -Something else I'd rather be doing -Things I'd be doing if I had a large sum of money -Things I'd like to do if I lived in...
I eat a fairly small variety of foods that I eat.  I have anywhere from 5-15 different things I eat for each meal.  My parents are constantly saying We're in a food rut.  What should we eat for...
From guys?  I don't care for them.  From women?  Love them.
I really don't care much for Facebook.  I've always found it to be pretty boring and mostly useless.  I used to enjoy using Myspace quite a bit before everyone jumped ship over to Facebook.  Really...
I think it's just odd and creepy in general when guys approach random women and start hitting on them.  I could never imagine doing that.
Where would you live? Probably in Oregon (where I've lived all my life).  Possibly Scandinavia because I like the cold and they have great metal over there.  I'd have to visit Finland or Norway...
I couldn't tell you if I was ISTJ or not, but I do know that I have a lot of ISTJ traits.  As for why I have long hair - it's just what I've always thought looked good on both genders.  When I was...
The chorus of this song has been stuck in my head all day.  The harsh vocals on the chorus are PERFECT.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZms0vSUJWI
I've been away for quite a while because of school.  I saw that I was mentioned in this post and I'm a bit confused about the content in said post.  @MBTI Enthusiast, are you trying to say that I...
- What Genres do you like to play/release stress playing? RPG, FPS, TPS, sometimes RTS.  - Favorite Games recently? I've been playing a lot of League of Legends lately.  I've also been playing...
I was raised Christian.  Baptist to be exact.  I was forced to go to church on most Sundays with my parents from 3rd grade until high school ended.  I never really bought into it though.  Through...
A little late with my reply, but here we go.  I would rather get an example of the basic problem and the advanced problem at the same time.  That way I can use both to try and understand the...
I can definitely relate to this.  I absolutely hate math classes that don't show good examples.  For example, introducing a new topic with the most basic example of the topic, and then expecting me...
Well I've only had two relationships.  The second one was the one that really mattered, so I'll just talk about that.  I took it horribly when she wanted to end it.  I did all of the stupid shit...
I thought it was finally time for a new Facebook profile picture since my old one is from December 2009.
Do you make plans for every day or do you just let loose & go with the flow? I don't plan really anything.  I hate having a schedule, so when I'm on break I just go with the flow.  I might plan a...
I'm definitely a pessimist.  Pretty much everyone that knows me knows that I am extremely negative.  My friends love to make jokes about it.  It is also true that I fear change.  I used to fear it...
I won't even try to say that I don't like makeup, because I love makeup when it's applied just right.  I'm just not a big fan of the pink stuff you put on cheeks (blush I think?) or lipstick.
I have never liked any kind of lipstick.  I think it looks unattractive.
I've been hooked on In Flames the last few days.  The best instrumental I've heard in years:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPPJCQAQXyo  And I'll just add in a song with an amazing melody as...
My ex used to say that I needed to live in the moment more.  I've always been the type of person that is worrying about what could happen 2,3,5,etc years down the road and trying to plan accordingly...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTNMbLFBptc
I can't say it's for all ISTJ's, but I would do the same thing in the first situation.  I already hate doing skits in front of the class, and I would hate doing the skit even more if my group was the...
I've played a ton of sports.    Elementary school: Soccer, Basketball, Baseball Middle school: Football, Track and Field (I did throwing), Wrestling High School: Football, Track and Field.  I...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3f20L0msLsM
I never went to either of my proms, or most of the dances.  I went to Winter Formal twice because friends bought me tickets to go with them, and I went to one sock hop after a football game with my...
I have some trust issues centering around people that get close to me after a few close people in the past have screwed me over.  Other than that, not really.
I'm only 19 so the amount of money I've dealt with in my lifetime is pretty small.  I absolutely hate spending money though and will usually buy only one thing a month at most.  Most of my money goes...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvPqf8nIGrY
Heh, it sounds like we are the same.  My ex broke up with me over a year ago (August 2011) and I still haven't fully let go.  I still have days where I wish I could just go back in time to the start...
I always have a million pictures running through my head of what things look like in the books I read.  I love when books give a fair amount of detail, but don't explain everything about a character...
I never knew that you were so nice and had so much to say.  Said by a girl I had in a few classes my senior year of high school that always tried to talk to me for some reason.  I wasn't really too...
Pretty much anytime someone I'm really close to compliments me I feel good.  Especially when I get told that I'm really good at helping people through problems and good at listening.  I love feeling...
This really isn't a problem for me.  If I notice it happening, I put a stop to it immediately.  If it continues then, most likely I will move away from them as well.
This would be me at the start of this year.  Since I look almost exactly the same and I don't have any newer pictures, I'm posting this.'"


1765: 'OP, the setting you've described reminds me vaguely of Northern Ireland or Scotland, though neither are warm or sunny year round. Maybe Southern Italy but as one who has been to Spain, the climate is...
Rave: With every year that passes by, my efforts to become a more well-rounded ISTJ are paying off. I try to encourage other ISTJs I come across to do the same.  No rants today.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6XtG5SGL0Xw
I wouldn't think it has much influence over say, like the environment, experience, maturity, and priority.
Rarely do I ever get a sick on a yearly basis. I actively avoid sick people in my life even the ones I love. I can't be bothered to rendered physically immobile as there is too much to accomplish and...
I'd say don't make excuses, seek closure, and become slave to creature comforts.  It's a temporary setback but at the end of day the mission is what's important. When you live for other people,...
When it comes to most situations:  Never get yourself attached to a situation you can't get yourself out of in 30 seconds or less.
I keep it simple. She has to be cute and pleasant to be around. Any other issues can be worked around.
I have organized piles around my flat during the week. I devote time to cleaning once a week for a couple of hours. Everyone in my circle knows not to disturb me during that time.
I liked that DOFP felt to me more like a sequel than a reboot. I loved First Class as well. The airplane scene with Charles and Erik was superb acting from McAvoy and Fassbender. I felt the tension...
ISTJ.  Current occupation: I work as a broadcast technician at a station overseas.  Dream: To work as a vocational psychologist and get compensation for years of giving good advice.
I joined the group. FYI, I rob banks on Payday 2.
I hope for nothing.  I fear nothing.  I am free.
Given if the huge amount of money was something I could replace in time, I'd take the money and then leave the wallet with the same amount of cash in another location. Start the cycle all over again....
I am alone. Alone in my thoughts, my relationship, my job, my stage, and my world. When I sleep I can't dream. I die. I'm reborn. To live with no relation to anyone or anything again. Maybe I'm only...
I like to cook for myself only. I don't really enjoy other people's creations. So dinner together is usually at a mutual agreed upon eatery.
Personally, I don't get along with idealists and I don't like the friend to all living beings stereotype of INFP. If I found one that was maybe a bit jaded on the realistic side and still believed...
I wouldn't.    I don't think I've ever pretended to love someone. Though, I have been with two women in my life in which I stuck around a bit too long after the feelings had long evaporated and...
There's nothing wrong with being emotionally intimate with someone. Your feelings are making you confused. Until you can get them sorted out then you should keep the texting light.
You ever think about possibly getting a mentor?
The person who cares the least has the most power.  The situation appears to me as the guy friend is enjoying the emotional validation you give him without any strings attached (maybe physical...
I think I'm more of practical romantic. Probably boring.  Not too long ago, an SO of mine pulled off an all-nighter for a project at work and fell asleep heavy after it was completed. I know her...
Had a love affair with an ENFP that I don't think can be repeated...  However, the most steady woman in my life is an ESTP. I don't think the S really affects how she and I communicate but T vs F...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tj0rO7P6TH0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zb4uKRs2Gak
My advice to you is to understand how pacing and timing can help or hinder you, learn to sell your own brand of authenticity to a crowd, and of course how to shut down or power through taunts from...
I don't catch feelings after the initial sexual encounter. I'm good at detaching myself in situations like that. I don't know about other types or even my own. A woman has to put work in before I...
Nothing I do surprises me anymore. I am unoriginal in my suffering.
I'm saying I DON'T care but I get annoyed at how serious people take my comments. I'm just expressing myself.
Is there a better way to display apathy on this forum besides not responding? I have been attacked in the past on points that go against the grain. When I try to defend myself, I care too much...
I had a dream the other night where I was only person on Earth to suffer the Rapture. It wasn't a nightmare.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzZ-Mgi1My4
It's not that important in my personal life because I have all types of debates with my co-workers. I don't need that same stimulation at home. Could be why I am warming up to an SP in my life at the...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7-K0RcXB-0
I don't think that is a common trait for ISTJs. However, this ISTJ is quite boastful though I only talk about facts. Whatever others may feel about it, that's none of my concern. I'm not the type to...
If I can't use my personality type to be a robotic prick then I don't want to live on this planet anymore.  What is empathy? Empathy does not compute.  /sarcasm
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIyuEP8Oqo4
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYVWo7Pt8ps
If we are wishing upon stars then all I want for Christmas is parents with a large bank account. I could've done so much more as a child if my family's funds weren't so limited. Actually, I'm a bit...
Charles II of England. One of the more popular hedonists in history.
Me: Can I ask you a question, Lord?  God: You just asked me a question, my child.  Me: Well, can I ask you another question then?  God: You just did.  Me: Fine! What is the meaning of life?
Virgin or not, this girl seems like she's guarded about her sexuality. On the date you came on too strong and threatening which is why her guard is high. Wrong vibes, dude. You should have come off...
No, I could never love a woman as much as I love myself. I would need a woman patient enough to hatch a good plan because in the end I have a grand vision I want to come true. Every day I'm working...
True. Geniuses and savants aren't really attractive to me. I do appreciate their contributions though.
You cannot negotiate desire. Always remember that. The other person either feels it or they don't.  In your case, you are blowing it big time with this needy behavior. From reading this, she more...
I see where you're coming from and you're definitely right to disagree. I arrived to my conclusion from reading personal accounts about him from people who knew him and the limited amount of...
http://media1.giphy.com/media/v9rfTQBNqdsSA/giphy.gif
DankeschÃ¶n, ich schÃ¤tze die herzliche aufnahme!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0cC-7J_wi8
I'm always curious about how to get that next dollar.'"


1769: Welcome....and enjoy the ride!!!
Only marry someone you would aspire to be just like.
To add, my ESTJ husband says, I'm too quiet and must be living too rich a life in my head because I don't tell him the kind of 'important' information he wants to know, such as about events we've...
Wonderful, to keep fighting this mindset. If you keep replacing all negative thoughts with positive ones, eventually the positive thiughts will make some tracks, and default brain into thinking...
Great idea...boosting seretonin levels (OCD or obsessive compulsive disorder is also another syndrome that can make one fixate on all sorts of things, including things on your erson).   Perhaps, to...
Sorry about ths. Sounds like 'seasonal affective disorder' but, best to have your doctor diagnose you based on your secific issues so you can get best care and feel better soon.   If, SAD, it can...
Yes, I often have that 'out of sight out of mind' mindset with regard to my SO. Not that I really forget him but I just get so busy and can only focus on one thing at a time so often no thought of...
Also, good idea to think of the things or moments when you didn't like the person. Also, if they reject you or decide to call it quits, then don't waste any more time or energy thinking of them, just...
Beat way to get over someone is to keep really busy.  Also, don't 'stay friends' (yet)....and don't email or call them anymore, or try to find out how they are.  Best just to dismiss them from your...
Nippon
Oh my, this is so me (except for line four and eleven.  I realized early in life that most people don't think of me as much as I think they do..also, most of the time I don't really have any...
When your Director (a MD, Ph.D) calls you a 'driver' because you check periodically that he and others are still working on a project so it meets the timeline set.  Also, have difficulty...
I can relate....my ESFJ MIL feels she must know everything and if in passing catches just a word of any personal conversation with my SO or FIL will ask what we are talking all about.  We, being...
Rain
Celebration
Goal
Actually, IMO it is a silly question (unless flirting) because one can't really give a true yes or no answer.  If answered yes, one could be thought of as pining (dreaming an thinking) after their...
No, not that cold....just busy and focused on tasks at hand.....but, after several days away I will miss my SO during some of the quieter moments alone such as when I am laying in bed or during a...
When after a week or two away your SO asks, 'Did you miss me?' and you don't want to hurt him.....instead you ask yourself' 'what kind of question is that?'
When you try to think of excuse yourself from the dinner table when a family member wants to sit and 'chat' after dinner retelling people oriented stories that you've heard a dozen times...
Workday
Money
Black eye
Piping
Updo
Hot stuff
Diamonds
Love
Yum! Sounds like a delicious ritual.....make mine a double-double...?
Sparks
Mirage
180 degrees
Pellets
Slingshot
Smashing
mystery
drinks
scroll
Thick
Pastels
Thumbs
Don't like the fake kind of WoA like when a person ritualisticly always ends a phone conversation with 'Luv ya'.  However, a sweet compliment when I look exceptional or did something amazing, or WoA...
I appreciate my eyeglasses because if I lived before they were invented I would not be able to read.....or write.
Can't comment on an ISTJ marriage...but from my own experience a female 9 and a 6 male makes for an awesome, exciting and superfun ISTJ+ISTJ friendship with lots of interests in common.  We never...
Oh no,  my dry ISTJ humour strikes again......was only kidding about Mr. Bush being the inventor of the internets (plural); was simply alluding to his very old 2004 statement, 'I hear there's...
Speaking of progress...didn't Bush invent the 'internets'....even more fun!
Most people consider me a conservative dresser because I like the simple clean styles, lots of white, gray or black.  I also wear glasses, but must be elegant. Current ones are black rectangle kind...
Steel
Also, I dislike being late, but worse to arrive too early then sit and wait for an event to start. I always try to look busy on my PDA so people won't come up and talk to me. Rude, I know, but I...
When friend asks if you are okay when you are not smiling or talking.  When you enjoy browsing through aisles of storage store Solutions. Also, when you enjoy food shopping more than clothes..."


1770: 'This is quite possibly the single most important thing to my ability to spend extended periods of time with anyone.
In my totally unprofessional opinion, I think there is something to be worked on here for you both.  Firstly, I personally hold to it that if I PROMISE someone I will do something, I will all but...
Agree with a lot of this though want to add an aside; for me I have discovered that alone time doesn't have to be physically alone. I personally need what would more accurately be called Don't...
As an ISTJ I can confirm this. If you tell me 10 times a day you love me, that's nice, but if that's all you do I'll stop believing you in like two or three days. But if you bring me a lunch after...
Varies by person regardless of type.  If he has never talked about it, you should assume 1) He doesn't need it much 2) He does, but you're naturally perceptive of it and therefore do not annoy...
Dating ENFP for 8 months. Didn't read many posts here. My take - they like all others vary individually. Some are wishy-washy, flaky, and fail to follow through. This isn't true of all ENFPs even if...
If I had to wager a guess, you're dealing with an ISTJ who doesn't really have any game but wants to get to the point where they flirt with you. I don't know - I don't personally touch anyone's...
My ENFP girlfriend says I'm one of the sweetest & most understanding people she's ever met and that I get her like no one ever has. She refers to her past relationships as relationships and has...
Great post. The last 2 main paragraphs resonate so much with me that I'm having to fight the urge to send them to my girlfriend - not that she isn't great at recognizing those things already, but...
Plenty of people would describe me as peppy, outgoing, energetic and intense.  That does come out around the right people, in the right situations, etc. and usually it will drain me in the end.
Probably just him. This does sound like ESFJ tendency but EXCLUSIVELY in the case of unhealthy ones. Healthy, well-adjusted ESFJs would absolutely not guilt manipulate you to obtain praise and would...
Me and INFPs tend to miscommunicate.  Seems to stem from the INFP trying to read into what I say (when what I'm saying is almost always a reflection of what I mean and nothing more or less),...
In the case of the ENFP females, I had 2 of 3 also take Cognitive Functions tests. At the time I was discussing this with my then-interest, now-girlfriend, I was very surprised she tested as an ENFP....
Polystyrene Man gave a great answer that would very closely match the one I was coming here to post.
Person with few friends reporting in to confirm as well as deny.  Most of my close friends are ENFP/ESFJ.   I am leaving out a few here and there to be fair (my ISFP roommate, ENTP dad etc.): ...
Dating ENFP for 4 months now, official for a bit over 1 month. It's been really fantastic. Of course it's still early on and all, but she's really wonderful. She's doing a study abroad in Australia...
Not particularly.  I take a lot of things seriously where I feel like many others would genuinely not be bothered. But at the same time, I don't really get into fights in relationships, I never...
This kind of thing is correct!  I don't consider myself in love right now - I've only been dating this current girl for a few months. But I'm totally enamored, and though I've been working on...
I can be a pessimist too, but I don't imagine she's the sort of person for it. *She's* the one pushing for us to make it official before she leaves so she doesn't lose *me* - I was the one...
I will be monitoring this thread... Started a thing with an ENFP a few months ago and she's wonderful - this post is just a thanks to those who have posted, and to keep them coming!  I'm sure it's...
QFT + in response to OP's request for ENFP opinion, I have a good friend who is ENFP and she has said very similar things. If you asked her right now to describe me in 3 words, I'd put money on...
If I had to guess, Si and Fi keep secrets best and Fe and Se keep secrets worst
1) You are no longer attracted and wish to break up. Some version of I don't think this is right for me anymore, I wish I could control the way I feel but it just hasn't been working in my head....
Agreed with INFX and probably type 1 or 4 I'd say.  Sensitivity and a cry-prone reactions to stimulus are things that, as I understand, are not at all common among us ISTJ folk. I also react to...
I take it more seriously than I should right now partly because my last relationship partner of 2.5 years had while we were dating broken a promise she made me and it damaged my ability to trust...
I dated an INTP girl in high school. I thought she was very fascinating but it was certainly my most volatile relationship yet so the advice I'd give each party:  ISTJ 1. Don't try to pick her...
Just so well said.  But, OP, I will still bite by offering myself a context: complex compared to others? I'd say everyone is indeed complex, but if there were a spectrum, I do think I'd be towards...
Just experienced a situation that reminded me of seeing this thread. Here I am to offer two pennies.  I do NOT expect potential mates to read my mind. That is completely unreasonable. I am annoyed...
Pen and print.  Only use pencils for scantron exams and sometimes graphs. Only use cursive for my name or a TA's name, when I'm trying to be fancy.  Solid 99% of the time, pen and print.
I don't get how liking feet has anything to do with any of what you said..? It threw off my ability to follow the rest of your post...
I pee on most of my belongings if that's what you're asking...
1. Are you prone to having a spiritual faith? No  2. How do you react when you see an injustice? Depends on the extent. Calmly and quickly react or just fume with silent resentment when a...
I believe INTP would require much less effort to light on fire
Combatable heh I'm actually not sure whether you're wondering if they're compatible or combative..
Does it affect anything contextually if I mention that I'm 20 so in basically every situation there actually WAS growing and maturation for us both to undergo? I never really suggested anyone to...
Yeah I mean that's just me, I have no interest in most of the thing, for example like anything new or just anything.
Is me an appropriate answer?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gbn_9-BwrVQ
I hate all the stuff and thing
One night I was at a friend's just to sit around and drink a little, and she pulled from her closet an unassembled Target bookshelf in a box. I have a pretty great picture of her drinking a beer...
I've had 3 relationships and a handful of things that never went to the next level, and in any case where I was the one to call it off, I've always indicated there is a possible future, with the...
Are you gonna get glass shards in your mouth to screw in a bulb?  & I considered this and almost added on fire and dripping with arsenic but decided that was TOO ridiculous :P
Extreme =/= masterable, but I'll play extreme.  It would be difficult to screw in a lightbulb if you have no hands and the lightbulb is shattered.
Not a major difference in terms of the dynamics, these responses will more or less still apply. Better than if she re-tested as an ESTJ or something.
Their compliance and understanding of generating possible scenarios and our confusion about the point of this thread is no mistake.  You just want us to say whatever and see how imaginative we do...
It's just mismatched priorities. I think you may have been a little too forward with the question onslaught because it turned the chat into an interview. I'm not saying you're necessarily in the...
An anecdote that I hope gives me some sort of credibility here.. I recently had a thing with an INFP girl - ultimately didn't work out - but at any rate, I met her at a party (I had just walked in...
One of my favorite things about this forum is the people are disproportionately smarter than the average population. It's nice.  I've left in the quote the parts I intend to address.  No, I...
so if someone offered you a compliment about your appearance you would potentially physically assault them..
you should know better than to necro a 2 year old thread :crazy: how'd you even find this
I want to get to know an INTJ female because: 1) Best friend from childhood was an INTJ, we got along really well, he's a guy but we had the same interests as kids and as adults we have great...'"


1809: 'Rant: Self absorbed narcissistic moron.. I wish you will die with a painful death. .
Mood: Amused Reason: I'm going to quit my job next week and my boss doesn't know it yet. * Evil laugh*.. It's nice to be back on this forum though.. meowrrr~~~ >:3
A 16 yrs. old girl confess to me yesterday that she likes me, ohh god I think I like her too but I'm already 29. My heart says go for it, age doesn't matter bla bla bla.. but my mind keep reminding...
Dear Dad,  When you died last two years ago I thought I could be strong enough to step up and take care of mom and my brothers, I didn't even cry during your funeral just to show all of them how...
Rant: I'm sick for 3 days already, and it's getting worse, last night I cant sleep in lying position I have to sleep while sitting.. Now my diaphragm swelling.. Great way to start the year....
I don't get bored easily.
The Gamer :3 strategy games with many different approach of winning the game really hook me alot of times..
I fall in love with an online friend once, she's from Kuching, Malaysia.. I got friendzoned lol, She told me she will only date Chinese guys lol, so i gave up :) but we're still online friends now. I...
I would never cheat.. I'm proud to say I graduated in University without cheating..I prefer failing the test then blame myself for not studying enough than cheating, luckily I only fail once during...
I like hardcore, metalcore, rapcore genre because I can relate to them. old and underrated bands like poisonwell, project wyze, third strike and the old hollywood undead are some of my favorites.
I'm normal since I spend almost 20 hours of my free time playing computer games.HAHA Meowr~~  :kitteh:
My normal sleep is only 2-3 hours a day, then there are times that I don't sleep at all. I know I should be worried about this unhealthy condition but I hate sleeping, so I don't mind really.
I'm easygoing in a sense that I'm always calm and relaxed in person even If someone pissed me off but no matter how calm I am there are still instances I go crazy over little things like If the...
Rant: Too much stress playing rank game in  league of legends today. There are those players who are already in gold division but play like newbies seriously how did you reach gold division if you...
Being alone in the dark is one of my greatest fear, darn I feel unease If I can't see my surroundings, It's like something scary is lurking somewhere and just waiting  to strike me anytime If I let...
I don't believe in soul mates. I'm not that hopeless romantic to believe in such childish idea :laughing: but I do believe that people comes into our life with purpose. :kitteh:
RANT: The hatred inside of me is beginning to appear again..Hating a lot of things lately including people close to me.
Yeah specially during  my highschool years, but now well i don't have any crushes at all.. Too busy playing computer games and playing with my emotionless cat >:D
-Comedy -Psychological movies -Anime
You can persuade me with any factual info but I avoid nonsense debates or arguments most of the time.
I prefer cats over dogs.
1) Ignore her then bored her to death will result in a break up.  2) Cheating means death!!! Forgiveness isn't an option! Dump her then delete any contacts from her.  3) This is kinda hard, my...
 Remember this, if you see someone doing something but at the same time watching you... then he is a cop. - Infernal affairs
Having a cat is better than having a roommate base on my experience. Cats scares away pest like rats and mice and cockroaches.I hate those pest more than anything else.. Budgeting for me isn't really...
Rant: I'm confuse what to feel right now..I hate it when I'm unstable like this.
Dear INFJ EX,  I Truly admire you but shits happens everyday.. I hope you're doing great where ever you are right now.  Sincerely, your ISTJ Ex
Hmmm...Will it work?? i wonder  :kitteh:
Don't mess things up..
Mood: Annoyed Reason: Online games meant to be enjoyed, but recently majority of players talk shit all the time bragging and insulting other players. :frustrating:
You're 95% correct. :kitteh:
Dear ISFJ ex something,  Suddenly I remember you.. I miss you but since it's me who cut all my connections from you, now i don't know how to contact you.. Ohh well, I hope you're doing fine where...
Rave: It's 2:00 a.m in the morning and i'm wide awake as usual..I really hate sleeping :D
Dear Friend,  You told me yesterday that no matter what my reasons are there are some things that i should never do.. Well maybe you're right there really are some things that one should never do....
Dear friend,  How can you fix me if I'm part of the problem??? O.o Goodluck then..  An ISTJ
Mood: Sad and Depress  I was so busy playing computer games for a long time now but suddenly today i'm sad i don't know why, it's like i just don't want to do anything at all.. What's happening to...
It depends, If it's a guy then no way!!! but If it's a girl YES!! ahah but well I really prefer to hug cats more than people:3
It's just recently I'm just too lazy to eat so i just drink water most of the time, I'm glued to playing computer games so i have no time to eat 3x a day but well i just eat in random times if i...
I eat at random times but mostly i skip eating just like i skip sleeping lol.. I'm too addicted playing computer games recently so i seldom eat and sleep but i always drink a lot of water like around...
I have one ISFP friend and she's kinda cool and creative..We talk for hours and never get bored at all and we both hate to cook so we just order foods or eat in a restaurant together.She's cute too...
I don't really have any dreams and i don't remember anything when i woke up... I had a very scary nightmare once when i was in highschool that was like 15 yrs ago after that i just hate sleeping so i...
Dear ISFJ used to be my crush  We argued a lot lately, we have different viewpoints and behaviors but i never gave you up. In fact i find it as a  positive way to know you better but you on the...
RANT: Stupid noob players of league of legends makes me lose important rank games!!! They don't even know how to adjust their roles in game.. Now my elo is soo low:angry:
Welcome >:D Have fun.. All of them are cool except for me.. MEOWR~ :3
Rant:More than 24 hours awake.. My body getting used to this no sleep stuff.. Am i going to die young because of this?? :confused:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZQzsuV8W_0  The city looks soufeff pretty, do you want to burn it with me?   till the skies bleed ashes and the fucking skyline crashes!!~  IDK why but recently i...
How do you view and handle theory?  Well as long as it's interesting for me,I will love to learn or know about it  What do you believe is the biggest difference between ISTJs and INTJs?  Like...
Name: Because i fail in a relationship all the time lol. Falling inlove is the easy part but staying inlove is difficult for me i guess..  Now im confused.HAHA  Avatar: I like animes and Marvel...
RANT: Order is born to punish those who fail.. This law is absolute :( I wonder if it's weakness or showing special favors if you won't punish someone who fail in following orders..  Ohh well...
I can play computer games for 24 hours nonstop.. no sleeping.. no eating.. with only water and bathroom breaks. Does that even count as talents??  or addiction? lol >< meowr~
Mood: Curious  A friend told me today that a woman's love is scarier than her hate..I laughed but now i wonder if it's really is true. :unsure:'"


1811: 'So does this mean I can feel emotional atmospheres?
How can you explain not feeling something?    For me, I can tell I'm missing something.  Usually it takes some processing before I can identify emotions I observed but by then it can be hours or...
All of what RCKT82 wrote, but particularly this.  What you perceive as lack of confidence may actually be lack of challenge.  For ISTJs, this will probably involve work.  I can get very depressed if...
My wife is ISFJ...been together 14 yrs
I don't clean everyday.  Fuck I almost clean never.  I might not even be an ISTJ.  But I'm not sure what else I would be.  Maybe INTJ.
ISTJ:  I have a hard time connecting with people.  Maybe it's because I'm a little confusing. Semi-close acquaintance: You think?!?! ISTJ:  You think I'm confusing? Semi-close acquaintance:...
Wrapped around the axle on nurturing.....
It's very tough to say.  She really loves my son, and is friends with my wife.  Not great friends but sometimes I think she tries really hard to get along with my wife to maintain our friendship. ...
Not anymore....ISFJ.
106386  Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKbk_dQ8Mhg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-wGUlS7hVY
My dad is an ENFJ (according to MBTI test).  He's got good intentions but can be very overbearing and manipulative.  Most of my best romantic relationships have been xNFJs.  Female xNFJs are very...
I'm ISTJ...my mom was ISTJ...her mom was ISTJ....  My dad is an ENFJ.....  Bottom line.....it's a big challenge to get an ISTJ mom to be nurturing.  Hugs in my family were always awkward.  I'm 40...
I can turn into a mess when I write stuff out like that.....
Yep...and sometimes it feels like a contract with little connection at all.  She's told me several times she would leave if she had the financial security to.....but it's been that way for years. ...
That's exactly what it is Niss.  Although there's a level of attraction (from my side), I'm not sure that's exactly all there is to it.  I guess with male/female friendships they can get a little...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6yJ0_TvZDU
So...I have a friend for about 2 yrs....INFJ.  I think we're very close.  Text, email (sometimes throughout the day) and hang out when we can.  Only problem is she does rain check more often than I...
My eyes creep me out....they're ice blue and makes me look like I have no soul.  I keep constant eye contact with people and I'm sure it freaks them out too.  Truth is, I have absolutely nothing to...
Good lord....just say hey, you wanna go grab a beer (eat some sushi, steal cop cars, etc) sometime.  If he says alright, ask for his phone number so you can coordinate a time/place (because ya'll...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5GYOsKLp6o
Seems my INFJ does the catch and release thing a lot with me.  We'll fire emails/text messages back and forth 20 times a day for a week....nothing crude just banter and sometimes deep...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPsMqcmA0K8
If he's a runner, then good luck to you keeping up.  :wink:  I swear, running's like an aphrodisiac or something.
One of the first basslines I learned.  Ian has amazing vox.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btPD5tGtQ5U
I like marathons....on the road and in the bed.  I'm about 50/50 on being intimate and just having a good screwing.....but they're not exclusive either.  It's usually very clear when I'm stressed and...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VT2YYLkIFZ4
I like trying new stuff if it's one on one or with people that are close to me.  I fell in love with surfing like this.  Skydiving is another example.  But you won't see me try something ridiculous...
Did you ever fear irrational things like a shark in the swimming pool?  Because I totally didn't.   http://unearthingthespud.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/shark-in-pool.jpg
I like cheese but not Cheddar.  For burgers and stuff, I usually go with White American (don't read into it).  If we're eating crackers or something then I like smoked Gouda cheese.  Sometimes I go...
Too much irony in this post.  I have this problem....all...the...time.  Nice to meet you, I'm xxxxx. Hi, I'm Garrett. Jarrett? No, Garrett. Derrick? Garrett. Garrick? Sure.
Yea...the whole chain of events there just blew his mind.
The military is sort of an avenue to meet people but.....what I'm expected to do is sort of in conflict with how I would build a relationship.  Also, there's all kinds of rules about who I can talk...
That's exactly it.      That's good advice....I can actually do this well but it requires a lot of work on my part trying to get through the checks to see if there's some way I can connect with...
Well yea...I understand.  The relationship thread is draining.   Maybe I've been guarded for so long that it's a very natural thing that I don't realize.  Either I'm giving off a serious back the...
School, work, church, any type of social gathering....do most ISTJ's get a sense of being there, but not really?  Seems I've never really had an inner circle.  Some people know me better than others,...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RZqPq1-1Tw
That's it.
Character Strength # 1       Judgment Thinking things  through and examining them from all sides are important aspects of who  you are. You do not jump to conclusions, and you rely only on solid ...
This makes a LOT of sense.    I do this all the time.  For instance, if I'm hanging out with someone and they suddenly say they have to leave....I might worry that I said something wrong. ...
Yea...Kyrie is definitely an earworm.
So shadow functions basically means everything is reversed?  So instead of thinking like an ISTJ, I would identify more with an ENFP?  An ENTJ would be like an ISFP?
UP THE IRONS!!!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDMB_0mKMBE
SpiderMoon makes sense...I'm sort of 50/50 on N/S and often test INTJ as well.  Maybe that has something to do with it.    And yes, I'm under a great deal of stress.  Most of this has to do with...
This one inspires me the same way my INFJ friend does.  <3 INFJs.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDMB_0mKMBE
Does a mother ever stop loving her son?    In a romantic sense, it can last forever if two people are bonded or connected in a way that allows it.  Most love likely fades or transitions to...
Is it typical for an ISTJ to over analyzing things people say or what they do?  For instance, if someone says they're going to do something at a particular time because of xxx.....would your mind run...
Oh man...I hate that icon.  I actually dread checking voice mail because it's usually a bunch of people talking that irritate the shit out of me.  What's worse is that when you hit clear, it's the...
4.  Do you think before you open your mouth?'"


1813: 'If i could, I'd sleep, but i find that impossible on a plane.  Other than that, read a book, listen to music, watch a movie, just about anything to pass the time/ distract myself from the boredom....
So I just got a random phone call that's thrown me for a loop. My Ex's best friend called on her behalf to see if I'd be willing to get back in touch, as (friends description) she's been thinking of...
Aaaaand the winner of today's stupid award goes to..   The customer who sent us a text message with full details (number, cvv, expiry, name) of 2 different credit cards.  I cannot fathom the...
text message exchange with my younger brother, over my birthday.  Him: The birthday fairy has been advised by her union rep that lugging 104 birthday wishes constitutes an unsafe work environment...
I've been told eating scrambled eggs in a spicy fruit muffin is weird.  As is having sweet fruit chutney on a hotdog apparently.     I do the same, everyday  lunch is either a pre-packed rice...
We've just started sending text messages to customers when their electricity bill is available online.. One text reply yesterday takes the cake for funniest & wierdest response, it read: I in...
Rave: Finally! After the better part of 6 months I've finally managed to run 5km non-stop without aggravating my calf injury. My goal of the 12km round the bridges in less than an hour by November...
That kind of BS really pisses me off. In those cases, I'd still cancel everything for the aggravation they caused and never use them again.  Had that issue a few years ago with a PC shop that...
Mum did alot of this for all of us kids too (mothers prerogative I guess), more so for my youngest brother from when they lived in Indonesia to now while he's at Uni. In recent times, she's come to...
Banned because I'm drinking Something called Armageddon from a company named Epic...
Ha! so very true. Reminds me of a conversation between myself and workmate recently:  Them: Can you make a report to do pull x which relates to y which connects to z and match z that to a, so I can...
With the exception of price (which only gets looked at if it fits the first two questions), it's because those literally do not matter to me. I don't give a rats arse if something looks good on me or...
1. What kinds of colors do you like? Bright, muted, warm, cool, vibrant, neutrals ? I wouldn't call the colours I wear as vibrant or muted.. they vary alot.  My favourite shirts are a mustard-y...
The weird and wonderful thing that happens when phrases are misheard In my team we instituted a 'my whereabouts' email, to let everyone else know where we we are going to be if out of the office,...
Bahahaha that's brilliant.
Funny joke i was just told..  As a programmer was heading home for the day he calls his wife and asks Darling, do i need to pickup anything on the way home? She answers Can you get a loaf of...
2 close calls in a month at the same roundabout while cycling to work is 2 too many for my liking. Time to find a new route to work & a camera to record the dangerous stuff I see.  Anyone have...
People lie and people steal They misinterpret how you feel And so we doubt and we conceal You're not alone  - Beloved Freak, Garbage
Fluffykins the third Starlord
Banned for balancing a pen between your nose and upper lip
Frustrated :frustrating:  Waiting for whatever is impinged around my shoulder/ neck to settle down, so I can get back to running, cycling and gym workouts.
Yes, I avoid conflict whereever possible. I have an intense dislike for any form of argument. I prefer to state my opinion and reasons for it, when warranted and leave it at that.  Generally no on...
What I answer with, when people ask that half rhetorical question: What do i want for lunch?  Let me help you narrow it down with my questionnaire.. would you like Food? Edible food? Human...
Rave: VICTORY!! The student loan deduction issue I had with the IRD a while back is now resolved & IRD have confirmed that the deductions payroll made in July and August were correct, and the...
Random conversation just now..  Me: Is it raining outside? i can see spotty stuff on the window but can't see if it's raining DS: spotty stuff? Me: fine, water spotty stuff DS: Stuff's...
Rant: Protracted discussions that accomplish nothing. Them: We don't like this report, it's trying to do too much and confusing and we can't find anything. It needs to be simpler. Me: So what do...
1. Be unfair or dismissive. Self-explanatory I think.  2. Persistent, willful ignorance. Especially in the face of a correction or chance to learn. Unwillingness to learn anything new or adopt new...
Doesn't work that way here, IRD are the authorities when it comes to any tax related issue. You have to play middleman as they don't seem capable of talking to ones employer (besides demanding extra...
Family member just bought a new Hp printer. During setup I looked through what I expected to be a user guide. Turns out it was a 2 page trouble shooting guide in half a dozen languages. By my...
Rant: Once again I've received a letter from IRD (tax agency) saying I've underpaid my student loan for July and August. How in hell this happens with a tax calculation system that has been vetted...
I like my sports like triathlons, marathons (to a point), I also really enjoy following the heptathlon and decathlon disciplines. I cycle and run myself, which I find relaxing. The outdoors-y stuff...
Ditto for me this week. As if I didn't have enough to deal with, with co-workers recovering from surgery, others coming down with the flu as well as being majorly understaffed, almost all the...
Rant: Been landed with a completely new task with 3 days notice, while everyone that knows it are on leave. New task must be finished by midday every day to avoid unwanted flow-on effects to other...
Rave: They finally paid the remainder as of yesterday.  Rant: Took me calling them again :dry: 8 months in total
A number of questions were answered one way because it wasn't the other
A few of us at work were emailing around what was playing on our respective mp3 players this Friday 13th and this weird similarity happened with song titles.  Song 1: Johnny Cash - I walk the line...
I've written a couple really short stories - not more than 3 or 4 pages. They were fun to write and are amusing to read, haven't done it for a while though.  More often than not, I can be found...
Warning long rant  Rant: ugh, insurance companies. In October I totaled my bike and logged a claim with the insurance company, with all the details for my claim, as well as the other party.   For...
This week has been a humdinger for dodgy written language at work.. :tongue:  According to my manager, the spelling for correlation has changed to... co-relation   Another co-worker has found a...
Yes, exactly. Chips.   Or to elaborate, hot chips :tongue:
So, a workmate was getting hassled today for buying chips for lunch after saying how she was going to stick to the salad, she'd brought in....
So, I've been 4 months without a bike, 4! after T-boning a car & writing off my Scott that I'd had for 12 years. :sad:  This is the longest I've gone without a bike for 25 years.  Now I'm ~3...
Rant.. broken, broken, broken. gaaaaah!
Rave: An opportunity has arisen at work for a 6 month secondment into an area in IT that I would love.  Rant: I can't justify applying for it, because it would require me to leave a project...
This. Absolutely.
Rant: Process steps & requirements lost in translation between process writer and trainers = issues at my end.  Rave'ish: Spotted issues before they have any impact, now to get process &...
hilarious workmate blunders today..  In regards to an issue we had yesterday with 650-odd customers her: hey where can i find that list of customers that were on yesterdays report? me: uhh, on...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQfQu-hXTVY
Rant: Too damned bad if you don't like the fact I'm being ruthless with my time now. The help I've provided with report fixes, updates, and mentoring for those who'd shown an interest in learning is...
When you're taken off a project after offending the leader with a blunt email about the progress to date :dry:'"


1859: I probably wouldn't mind too much. I'd go, although I usuaully don't have much fun at parties. If I don't enjoy myself at the party I will just start trying to get the driver to leave early. I....
Gale: ISTP
Peeta is an ENFP
(Te)  (Si) you are the thinking type so we roll out (F) so Si-Te-Fi-Ne (ISTJ) or Te-Si-Ne-Fi (ESTJ)
Te  Fi Se  there is a significant amount of Te and least amount Fi  so your functions would be Te-Ni-Se-Fi (ENTJ) or Te-Si-Ne-Fi (ESTJ)
you display Fe   Ti  Fe  Ne  you could be INTP : Ti - Ne - Si - Fe or ENTP : Ne - Ti - Fe - Si
http://s21.postimg.org/8rhlw4civ/Untitled.jpg http://s24.postimg.org/b9168ir6t/Untitled.jpg  ENTJ: Te- Ni- Se- Fi INTJ:Ni - Te - Fi -Se  INTJ:Ni - Te - Fi -Se ESFP: Se - Fi -Te - Ni
INFP and INTP have (Si)   INTP has (Fe)  so you are INTP
you have Ti-Si-Ne-Fe functions,so most likely an ISFJ ISFJ: Dominant: Introverted sensing (Si)  Auxiliary: Extraverted feeling (Fe)  Tertiary: Introverted thinking (Ti)   Inferior:...
she has Fe-Se-Ni-Ti functions , i`m guessing she is ENFJ
i`ll say you have Inferior (Fe) that means your type is INTP or ISTP  INTP: Dominant: Introverted thinking (Ti)   Auxiliary: Extraverted intuition (Ne)  Tertiary: Introverted sensing...
i`ll say you have Inferior (Fe) ,and your other functions are Ti-Ni-Se  that makes you an ISTP type.
Introverted Thinking (Ti) is a function that is primarily used inward.  Extraverted Thinking(Te) deals primarily with understanding and organizing the external world    Introverted Feeling (Fi)...
i think you are INTP INTP: Dominant: Introverted thinking (Ti)  Auxiliary: Extraverted intuition (Ne)  Tertiary: Introverted sensing (Si)   Inferior: Extraverted feeling (Fe)
if that`s  the case ,the only thing left is ENFP or INFP  i think you scored ENFP because you were Extravert    then you got depressed and you became more Introvert thats why you got INFP
i`ll say ISTP or ESTP ISTP: Dominant: Introverted thinking (Ti)  Auxiliary: Extraverted sensing (Se)   Tertiary: Introverted intuition (Ni)  Inferior: Extraverted feeling (Fe)
one of two ESFP or ISFP ESFP: Dominant: Extraverted Sensing (Se)  Auxiliary: Introverted Feeling (Fi)  Tertiary: Extraverted Thinking (Te)  Inferior: Introverted Intuition (Ni)
ENTP: Dominant: Extraverted intuition (Ne)   Auxiliary: Introverted thinking (Ti)   Tertiary: Extraverted feeling (Fe)
INTP: Dominant: Introverted thinking (Ti)  Auxiliary: Extraverted intuition (Ne)   Tertiary: Introverted sensing (Si)  Inferior: Extraverted feeling (Fe)
ESFP: Dominant: Extraverted Sensing (Se)  Auxiliary: Introverted Feeling (Fi)  Tertiary: Extraverted Thinking (Te)   Inferior: Introverted Intuition (Ni)
INFP : Dominant: Introverted feeling (Fi)  Auxiliary: Extraverted intuition (Ne)  Tertiary: Introverted sensing (Si)  Inferior: Extraverted thinking (Te)
almost sure you are INFP   INFP : Dominant: Introverted feeling (Fi)  Auxiliary: Extraverted intuition (Ne)   Tertiary: Introverted sensing (Si)
i`ll say ENTP is your type  ENTP: Dominant: Extraverted intuition (Ne)   Auxiliary: Introverted thinking (Ti)  Tertiary: Extraverted feeling (Fe)
you are ENTP and your friend is ESFJ   ENTP: Dominant: Extraverted intuition (Ne)  Auxiliary: Introverted thinking (Ti)  Tertiary: Extraverted feeling (Fe)
neither i see that you have inferior Ne which means you are ISTJ or ISFJ . you have Extraverted thinking (Te) that narrows it down to ISTJ  ISTJ: Dominant: Introverted sensing (Si)
100% INTP  INTP: Dominant: Introverted thinking (Ti) Auxiliary: Extraverted intuition (Ne) Tertiary: Introverted sensing (Si) Inferior: Extraverted feeling (Fe)  thats Inferior: Extraverted...
i think you are INTP: Dominant: Introverted thinking (Ti)   Auxiliary: Extraverted intuition (Ne)   Tertiary: Introverted sensing (Si)
i say you are an ENFP   Dominant: Extraverted intuition (Ne)   Auxiliary: Introverted feeling (Fi)   Tertiary: Extraverted thinking (Te)
Dominant function According to Jung, people use all four cognitive functions. However, one function is generally used in a more conscious and confident way. This dominant function is supported by...
you are ESTP  Dominant: Extraverted Sensing (Se)   Auxiliary: Introverted Thinking (Ti)  Tertiary: Extraverted Feeling (Fe)  Inferior: Introverted Intuition (Ni)
i think you are an ENTP  Dominant: Extraverted intuition (Ne)   Auxiliary: Introverted thinking (Ti)  Tertiary: Extraverted feeling (Fe)
probably an INFP : Dominant: Introverted feeling (Fi)  Auxiliary: Extraverted intuition (Ne)   Tertiary: Introverted sensing (Si)  Inferior: Extraverted thinking (Te)
you are one of two ENTP or ESTP   if you are ENTP then this is the functions Dominant: Extraverted intuition (Ne)   Auxiliary: Introverted Thinking (Ti)   Tertiary: Extraverted Feeling (Fe)
based on your added discriptions i say you are  an INFP these are the functions   Dominant: Introverted feeling (Fi)      Auxiliary: Extraverted intuition (Ne)        Tertiary: Introverted...
you are INTP type and you have these functions:  Dominant: Introverted thinking (Ti)  Auxiliary: Extraverted intuition (Ne)   Tertiary: Introverted sensing (Si) Inferior: Extraverted feeling (Fe)
you are an ENTP  type and you have : Dominant: Extraverted intuition (Ne) Auxiliary: Introverted thinking (Ti) Tertiary: Extraverted feeling (Fe) Inferior: Introverted sensing (Si)
you are one of these ISTP or INTP  if you are ISTP then you have : Dominant: Introverted thinking (Ti) People with Introverted Thinking want the world to make sense in a logical manner. They form...
if you are INFP that means you have :  Dominant: Introverted feeling (Fi) People with Introverted Feeling tend to be on a quest to figure out who they are and what they want out of life. Ideally,...
you are either an INFP or  ISFP
looks like an ESFJ  maybe this link will help ESFJ personality | 16Personalities
you are  either an ISFP or ESFP
ENTP  Cognitive learning styles  E/I  The first continuum reflects what generically energizes a person. Extraverted types learn best by talking and interacting with others. By interacting with...
(E)Extravert Characteristics    (N)Intuitive Characteristics : Theoretical    (T)Thinking Characteristics : Driven by thought
In Hunter x Hunter Anime universe  ISFJ ,ISFP, ESFP, ESFJ, INFP, ENFJ are the same as Enhancers ESTP , ENFP : Emitters INFJ :Transmuters ESTJ , ISTP ,ENTP ,ENTJ : Manipulators ISTJ, INTP :...
http://s2.postimg.org/yvyunpl1l/Untitled_1.jpg  ISFP personalities tend to have the following characteristics: â€¢ A strong awareness of their environment â€¢ Prefers concrete, practical...
http://s23.postimg.org/l8rxudmdn/Untitled000.jpg
INTP type
INTP type
(I) Introvert :Fewer friends   (F) Feeling :Dislikes conflict  (J) Judging :Organized ,Scheduled  you are either INFJ or ISFJ
(E) Extravert :Talkative  (S) Sensing :Notices details  (F) Feeling :Passionate ,Driven by emotion  (P) Perceiving :Spontaneous  ESFP type"


1869: 'And I think that the only people who might belong in prison are those who break the law. If you can't understand why prison should be exclusive to law-breakers then let me borrow your own quote:...
Trump is a billionaire with an ivy league education and you don't think he has the critical thinking basics to distinguish rhetoric from policy? What measures are you basing this assertion off of?...
Of course not I didn't mean to in any way suggest to the contrary. Though it's true that not everything has to be spelled out by the dictionary, it's still confusing when you openly abandon commonly...
So you want to advocate castration for true culprits of a specific crime without using the legal definition of that crime AND without trying to define the crime yourself? Yeah, forgive us if we're...
Did you just quote a question of mine and then claim that it was inaccurate? No need to answer because the question was rhetorical and meant to express derision; I asked about voter ID laws and...
I'm glad someone brought this up I was kind of annoyed that this wasn't already a feature! A bit of a pain to always have to check the tab periodically to see if anyone replied.
As a person who cites shopping with children as a litmus test for moral character I can only imagine what your litmus test would be for being a successful businessman. Because apparently for...
No I meant exactly what I said; that signing a bipartisan bill is hardly a sign of narcissism.   I had loosely defined bipartisan as a bill that would have received a majority house and senate...
Except that you did respond and you openly accused me of truth twisting without citing any specific comment of mine that you thought was inaccurate. I even tried digging deeper into what you meant...
Do you think that apologizing when you barely even know me (i.e. acting out of prejudice) will put a strain on our future relationship?  Also, do you think it's a bit sexist that your apology is...
I just cleared my cache/ cookies for my browser and didn't see any change. Still missing some ~100ish posts and many thanks. Maybe I needed to wait longer?
Maybe, but you've yet to cite a single example of a public talk where Trump has defended hate groups. If trump ever legitimately said something racist or defended a hate group we'd never hear the end...
I know they're quite abundant... just look at all the people who are so desperate for criticism that they openly conflate legitimate political strategy with a symptom of mental illness.   What...
@PC_admin It's difficult to say because my post count has decreased on several occasions but I reckon I should have around ~125 posts and ~50 thanks received.
And when you're a star they let you do it. ~Trump   As a person who considers shopping with your kid on mothers day to be a legitimate litmus test for moral character I know you'll find this...
Yeah that's kind of the whole point that you're missing here. If bail or other constitutional liberties are being denied to those who harbor polarized political beliefs then freedom of speech is no...
Not able to answer my question, huh? Still, last I check freedom of speech is also sort of in the constitution (a liberty that protects hate speech according to the supreme court) and yet this...
lol when did society decide this? We leave religious beliefs alone so long as no crime is being committed but we don't leave political beliefs alone even when no crime has been committed? Liberal...
I'm sure all the gainfully employed citizens with down syndrome would beg to differ.
I always thought the gay marriage debate had it backwards. It shouldn't be whether or not gays can get married (gays have always been able to get married, even in Australia) but whether government...
Yeah this doesn't make any sense. Employers can't refuse to hire people with down syndrome just because they were born with extra chromosomes but they can discriminate against religious converts...
Not only does my post count keep getting removed by my profile settings keep getting reset as well... I swear this is like the 5th time I've had to click to turn off avatars and signatures.
Yep you got it right. I realize I could be a number of things... and to help sort it all out I want to learn the best way to find out if I'm gay.
Yes but what makes you say this? Sorry but this is really confusing for me because I say that I want our friendship to be 100% platonic and yet for some odd reason you're still presuming my sexuality.
Well this new notion shifts drastically from the notion you stated earlier about discrimination being wrong if it's something you are born into. Still, I don't see how many political beliefs (i.e....
What are you talking about? I'm not defending racism I'm just going off what you said. According to you discrimination is bad if it's because of something you're born into, and just like a person can...
So recently I've been bro crushing pretty hard on a forum member and it's gotten to the point where I really want us to be friends. The problem is that some of the comments he makes sometimes comes...
And again, there's no luck involved with making the distinction if they volunteer that information for you. Still, if you think that political discrimination is wrong because we can't distinguish who...
They could always tell me... would it be okay to discriminate then? And either way I must digress... how do you know who was born into a political community and who joined after reaching adulthood?
Distinction for what? If it's only bad to discriminate when it has to do with factors that a person is born into then by definition that would exclude religious converts.
Great. So according to this it would be okay to discriminate against religious converts... after all it was their choice to convert and their choice to accept those beliefs.
True, but surely this alone wouldn't be a good enough reason to get rid of political parties altogether, especially when they exist in virtually every country where citizens can vote.    If the...
You don't think that sadism and lacking remorse might be indicators of a mental illness?  Regardless, you keep changing the parameters of your proposal. First you make a distinction between a...
Yeah that would be a fair argument if people couldn't choose their religious beliefs. Being forced to favor a political or religious belief just because you're afraid of losing your job or PayPal...
You say that as if going shopping with your son is suppose to be some sort of litmus test for moral character. Do you know that Trump didn't take his son shopping the night before in preparation for...
Historically many groups throughout the world have received unfair or preferential treatment from schools, businesses, employers, governments or other such institutions, typically based on a wide...
Yep same here. I tried so hard to make it to 15 posts and now I'm down to 5 again.. can't join chat, PM, report posts or publicly complain about my oppression in the appropriate venue.
Sorry for taking claims of castration seriously enough to question people's meaning; god forbid I don't want to tag along with those who openly condemn and pass judgement on people who haven't...
Where do guys live where pedophilia is illegal? I know that in America pedophilia is certainly NOT a crime.  peÂ·doÂ·philÂ·iÂ·a noun sexual feelings directed toward children.  Ever feel like...
Well that escalated quickly. First we just wanted to castrate violent criminals but now we want to castrate people who haven't committed any crime at all.
So the death penalty is too severe due to the chance that they might be wrongfully convicted but you still think castration is okay?    If the life of the victims can be equally destroyed then is...
I know this might be a shocker for some people but subjecting people to abuse is NOT an effective method to prevent that person from committing abuse. Furthermore, what ever happened to all those...
Even if guilt could be magically guaranteed and if rape could be magically redefined to omit gray areas then I still say no. It's been said several times now that the penal system should focus on...
First of all, I'd be curious as to what specific part of my post you'd consider to be truth bending -- because everything I said about voter ID laws and Trump's political opponents advocating for...
For the most part, yes, although to be fair a distinction might be made between making up a story and incorporating the use of non-falsifiable speculation.   No, this is a false equivalency;...
And we have a winner. Trump critics are so distressed by twitter feeds that they can't even wait for Obama's fiscal year to end before passing judgement on Trump's performance. Because... how on...
Yes and at the time I thought it was a brilliant strategy, which is yet another reason why I like Trump. In case the context was missed, this most sensational tweet that you're quick to list as a...
If it isn't a legitimate example of Trump defending racism then yes. Every instance I've ever read which alleges that Trump defended racism has always required redefining the term. For a recent...
Nah. If we're to continue all this talk about genital mutilation then the closest to the female equivalent of castration would be female circumcision. If some women can't control themselves around...
Well that escalated quickly. No longer can a person cite constitutional freedoms without being accused of defending the rapists.  Again, all evidence suggests that the policies that people like...'"


1892: 'Totally clueless on this whole subject. Amazing that I ever got married.
The hate fake is absolutely spot on. There is really nothing worse in my book. Do not put on airs and a fake smile.  It doesn't work with us.  At all.
e.e. cummings, for this poem in particular:    the Cambridge ladies who live in furnished souls    are unbeautiful and have comfortable minds    (also, with the church's protestant blessings  ...
Yes, but it did not end well.
Its hard for me to accept rejection. Being fired, defriended in real life, not being accepted for who I am.
Reading, birdwatching, photographing birds, watching some TV programs, posting on internet forums.
I don't like Mother's Day.
I don't really want to have friends at work. I want to have polite, professional, working relationships with them, and that is all.   I have had some comments over the past two years - such as You...
Its rarely used.  No special categories of people. Most apt to apply to people in authority or who think they are.
I also have this sense of duty and I think it is linked to having some self respect or pride in doing a job as well as possible. I also think loyalty is a praiseworthy quality.   I suppose certain...
I agree that you just have to ask straight out. ISTJ does value an honest, straightforward approach.  If she wasn't interested in you, believe me, she wouldn't even be near you, much less you...
If I know I can get someone to easily lose their temper, I might do something to push their buttons, just because its so easy.  But I am not sure if that qualifies as passive aggressive or just...
Co-worker walks by ISTJ desk cubicle. ISTJ hunched over stack of work.  Co-worker backs up and says --I didn't see you there.  ISTJ:- I'm trying to hide -- maybe I should crawl under the desk,...
Yes.  Although I can be very critical of others, I mostly keep my mouth shut.
SiFan: I am sure you are right.  I just will only add I hope to never have any relations the rest of my life knowingly with INFJ.  I am sorry, that is my feeling, that understanding must be...
Post deleted
Oh no, I never expect to hear from her.
I hold a bachelor's degree in Fine Art - studio art, painting and drawing.  I did well enough my senior year to get on the Dean's list and I always got good grades in art.  Unfortunately I am a...
It was not exactly just a website it was Second Life.  I had to hear about it constantly for several years, and that was the only reason I said I didn't want to hear anymore about it. Instead of...
rezo:  It took place in December, 2014.  It was cold, calculated, and meant to destroy my Christmas holiday as well. No holes barred, she knew me well enough to dig the knife in my back really well....
I have been on the receiving end of an INFJ doorslam and will never understand it until the day I die.  I am not psychotic, not irresponsible, and was a very loyal friend.  I considered this INFJ as...
The lists are in my head.  When I am in good health and doing well, I don't need anything else. I am efficiency personified, running like a well oiled machine.    I think the drawback is that...
It depends on the excuse for the lateness, but it better be a good one!  People who are habitually late for dinner/movies/whatever with me will not last in the long run. I can excuse it once or...
Today, a roast leg of lamb.  Turned out perfect.
I don't care about birthdays/anniversaries. I also don't keep lists. I barely know my immediate family members' birthdays.   I don't like the feeling of being obligated by others to do something...
What angers me most? Disloyalty and betrayal by someone who I thought was a friend. To a lesser degree, someone who does not respect my boundaries, which have been clearly communicated to them. ...
Ordinarily withdrawn and distant, under extreme stress I become even more so. It is more and more that I don't want to leave the house. I may talk with friends, but my heart isn't in it. I just...
You nailed it, ISTJ loves practical help, otherwise please just go away. I think the idea of shopping or cooking for ISTJ is a good one, as long as it isn't overdone or done in some way where ISTJ...
I appreciated reading your post Sela.  I have had two periods in my life with extremely high stress. Losing my job, and getting a divorce. Its hard, very, very hard. I don't know about you, but the...
Find out what she is interested in. ISTJ has always got a bunch of hobbies/interests that they are passionate about. To approach through friends would be a good idea, I think. Do not show up...
If there is only one piece of advice I can give it would be to listen to the ISTJ very closely.  If the ISTJ says something you don't understand, or something that sounds judgmental or condemning,...
Chanteuse, the advantage you had was he was your brother, and in your family.  Therefore, I think you would be unlikely to make the mistake I am describing.   I hope you don't think I am being...
Yes, the guy seems like an ISTJ.  The major problem I have encounter in relationship with INFJ (long term friendship with one) is that INJF knows they can read most people like a book - that...
I lost my job in 2010 and did the following: ate too much, started drinking too much alcohol, and then started spending money on my hobbies, that I really didn't have. At the same time I had a steel...
Confusion.  The end of a 20 year friendship.
Yes, but this was a 20 year friendship... nevertheless, it was the deal breaker, but this INFJ didn't even clue me in until 3 years later!
Indeed, I had read Ligotti's Conspiracy Against the Human Race, and re-read it, and re-read it again, before I ever saw True Detective.  It was so amazing to see that someone else had pretty much...
Very much so. We think a lot alike.
Oh, and to the previous list, I have now been called controlling - that's a new one. If having reasonable boundaries that I would rather not discuss certain subjects is control then guilty as...
You are in the public restroom in a stall by yourself and you hear someone else come in. You wait until they are finished, washed up and left the room before you come out.
I have never been called boring.  I  have been called other things. I have been called quiet, not a nice person, homely, restrictive of another person's conversation, maybe a few other things I have...
I think you are right. There is some huge and basic misunderstanding that is under the surface and that I really am unaware of.  I think that my personality type - ISTJ tends to hold onto...
It is sad. I think the Second Life thing was just the thing that brought out some of the problems, and the problems may have been there years earlier, but under the surface.  I am a good listener,...
Dear INFJ: We have known each other for over 15 years.  Our interests have changed and we have changed. Its inevitable. I know you would rather it not be that way.  I do not share some of your...
visionaryspirit: Yes, it seems to center around a computer game. This lady has evidently made this virtual world almost her entire interest in life. She evidently only wants friends who like it too,...
I always had a problem with math.  From the fourth grade on. Algebra was a nightmare. I almost didn't graduate high school because of it.
Aizar: I appreciate your post. I don't get it either. What's an MMO? I don't know that many internet abbreviations. I only saw Second Life once, and its a place where you have an avatar that I...
visonaryspirit:  Trust is a big plus in a friendship with me as well. And I do trust this person. For some reason, my apology of two years ago seems to have been not enough. I am almost positive it...
Yes, but I am talking about 2 years here on the Second Life thing.   I mean, 2 years since I said I didn't want to listen to a one way description of something I have zero interest in.  I don't...
Self acceptance is something I have worked on my entire life.  Its very difficult when you don't get any affirmation in that direction from others.   My only advice would be - to an ISTJ be as...'"


1901: 'direct and to the point; no bs or sugarcoating
Kiefer Sutherland, Neil Patrick Harris, Jim Parsons
I'm more of a tea person (green tea or bubble tea), but when I drink coffee it's usually a cappuccino with a bit of sugar or a Vienna coffee.
moral: don't go crazy with hot tobasco when eating any spicy chipotle flavoured food
pulling out a phone and texting
yeh it is. LOL
I'm at the University of Sydney doing my commerce degree, this semester I've got:  International Business Strategy Strategic Management Cross Cultural Management The Business Environment
I studied Taekwondo for almost 3 years, then Shaolin Kung Fu (Southern style) for 2.5 years. Haven't studied martial arts since my senior years of high school, but would love to do some training...
i'm short sighted and wear glasses (Armani ftw!!). i can't stand the idea of putting an object (contact lenses) in/on my eyes.
I don't like Apple products.
white/sparkling wine vodka w/orange juice;cranberry juice malibu w/pineapple juice
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWNXuQVlLIQ  Dash Berlin feat. Jonathan Mendelsohn - Better Half Of Me (ASOT 517 World Premiere)
Russell Peters
Dave Chappelle Chris Rock Arj Barker
same here.
mine was lego
not enough!!! these days i go to bed a 2/3 am   it takes me 30min to 1hr to fall asleep
168ish cm, which is about 5'5.5-5'6 ...i'm asian nuff said....
I love history. It was my favourite subject in high school and I pretty much topped my class from year 7-12
First Person Shooter --> quick. fun. simple
That pretty much sums it up.
yes because swearing is embedded into the Australian culture ;P a lot/regularly
religious lobby groups gives me the shits
i'm a master procrastinator
we're not boring, we're totally awesome
Bachelor of Commerce @ University of Sydney majoring in International Business & Finance
PC..i pretty much despise Apple products
Electronic dance music, specifically: - UK Hardcore/Happy Hardcore - Progressive/Vocal Trance - Hands Up - Euro/German Hard Trance - UK Hard Dance  i also listen to pop and R&B, but i'm not...
that's correct, i'm a southpaw fighter
Miranda Kerr
i'm right handed, but i'm a lefty when it comes to fighting
night owl.
history; business subjects; social sciences/humanities subjects; languages
international businessmen/CEO international DJ
cute girls with british accent
lego and football
I feel good cos I'm awesome!! :P
Spring in Sydney is bea-uti-ful :happy:  spring > summer > autumn > winter
Type 3 wing 2
CHRIS ROCK Dave Chappelle Russell Peters Arj Barker
Type 3 wing 2
go for it!!!
As an Australian, we generally don't tip unless we get good or extraordinary service.
same; a couple of my recurring dreams are based on me rescuing someone or something  one of my recent dreams involved me rescuing my family (but i got no idea who they are LOL) who were kidnapped...
i'm almost 19; did the test last december
yeah we can be, but it's more like once in a blue moon kind of thing
*raises hand*  i think it's the fact that we're meticulous & perfectionists LOL. i can't be bothered to edit or check if i'm posting up late or am in a rush.
according to the Political Compass quiz:  i'm a Social Libertarian/Authoritarian
apparently, my friends find it hard to read me when playing poker ;P
my fave comedians: Chris Rock & Dave Chappelle'"


1903: 'I'll accept casual hugs from relatives or friends I don't see often throughout the year.  Now if we're talking about real hugs...  Only from my significant other. That's really the only instance...
I'm sick of it. I wish I could save them all. I know I could, if only I knew before.
Mood: Mellow Reason: Such a slow day, haha, and free to do whatever.
Douchebag huh?  I guess I'd define it as someone who manipulates and persuades others for their own selfish reasons, which tend to be immoral, rather than the opposite. Inconsiderate, arrogant,...
Why do you look so surprised? Surely you knew this was coming.
People with dark souls have nothing but dark dreams.  People with really dark souls do nothing but dream. Haruki Murakami
Repulsive.
Haha, I know exactly what you're talking about.  As PJay said, I think it would have more to do with your Enneagram type as well.  I'd hardly call it black and white, or simple for that matter. ...
I don't have time to write everything right now, I'll edit this post later.  For now I'll list the following: Honesty, space, faithfulness, and understanding. Sure those seem basic, but I'll expand...
Well this is awkward. Finding out that the person I've been looking for was this close to me the entire time. Wow. Too late already, but it's bothering me so much. Shouldn't have lost to my stupid...
This guy ceases to amaze me.  So much talk about respect, honor, etc., though he lacks pretty much every single one of them.  Also he didn't even quote Zack Fair correctly in his signature, so...
The amount of disrespect from OP towards the people who are actually trying (don't understand why, it won't work) to help him out is ridiculous.  OP, it seems you already have your mind made up. ...
Stella by Kashiwa Daisuke. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHjHQoxq9O036 minutes of just...I'm not sure how to describe it.
I don't think that was the best thing to say...  and I have to very much disagree with you.
Yeah, of course, that's a given.  I don't know how it is, so it's really up to you whether or not you wanna go for it.   Be careful though.
I've had experiences with this as well. I don't think it's ridiculous as long something's actually there...  Though, as Word Dispenser said, it doesn't work out for most people.  It really just...
I'm glad this thread exists. Usually I keep these all written in a digital notebook of mine, but I think it's better for me to put them here from now on. Don't know why, but, yeah.  Well, it's...
Scott Pilgrim (comics). Someone had taken a huge part of my life and turned it into a fictional story. Very relatable, although the ending was much happier than my own, haha.   As for real...
I'm territorial about the people I are about. That's about it.
...They'd wonder why you're doing it and be completely still, because they don't understand why you'd want to hug them in the first place.  At least, for me.
I'm sick of all the injustice in this world. I hate people who take advantage of others. I hate when people don't learn from their mistakes. I hate not being able to make a difference. Open your...
I've got perfect vision, but I do have circle lenses just for looks.
Medium rare. It's the only way to go.  The best cut? Any.
I don't believe I'm normal for many reasons. Then again, it all comes to perspective.  What is normal?  Eh. I don't think normal people think the way I do, or feel the way I do about most...
Not being up to my own standards (which continue to grow).
Don't f*** with me.
Hm. Drawing, guitar (acoustic fingerstyle/solo guitar arrangements, I rarely use any of my electric guitars anymore), exercise (training for martial arts), longboarding, video games, cooking,...
I was confused as to which I felt more. I was supposed to post this thread in the proper section (which I did after), and I read about the various cognitive functions. Concluded I'm ISTJ. Thank you...
Ah, right. I'll look into that, thanks.  Read through each of them and came to the conclusion that I'm an ISTJ.  Guess I should edit my info.
From what I've read these two types seem to never get along...Though, I'm not sure which I am. MBTI says INFJ, but timeless' test says ISTJ.  These are my results.   Your Preferences: ...
Whoops. Wasn't looking at my tabs and realized I posted this in the wrong section. x_x
EDIT: Wrong section. x_x  From what I've read these two types seem to never get along...  Though, I'm not sure which I am. MBTI says INFJ, but timeless' test says ISTJ.  These are my results. ...
I'm actually quite curious about this as well...I'm tested as an INFJ, though taking timeless' test, I'm an ISTJ.  I believe I might be borderline NF/ST, if that's even possible...I do find it hard...
Blah, I think it's better we let it die.  Though if you want your fun, it's understandable. xD  He could do better though, as Peg said.
Wrong once again, and the opposite as well. I tricked them for years to keep a girl who I loved safe.  Eh.  Nowhere near as interesting as I thought this would be.  Seeya.
Haha, your description of me is the exact opposite. You've lost. I've given all I've had to give, and continue to give, no matter what, because I care about others more than my own life. My ego is as...
Favorite fictional characters...  Gutts from Berserk. Scott Pilgrim (Think of the books, not the movie - we have a lot in common). Wander from Shadow of the Colossus.
Welcome skyebird!  I'm new as well, haha. You should definitely go take the MBTI as well as timeless' 16 type test and find out which type you are! The Enneagram test is something else you might be...
A game thread eh? Haha, cool, cool.  I'm a big PC gamer, though I do game on consoles for the convenience of my friends (Sony/Nintendo, I gave up on Microsoft a long time ago).  I play a bit of...
I've met people like you before, and they're never what they claim to be.  Rather than coming here to help people you seem more interested in showing off your clairvoyance, and supernatural...
Pff, who cares what the other guy thinks? All that matters is what I want.
1.) Is there something that you've always wanted to do or have been  interested in?  Broadly, specifically, a journey, creation, vocation,  etc?  I've always wanted to make differences in people's...
Yup. Just be really careful about it and if they're a close friend of yours, it should be okay. Always keep perspective in mind.  No problem, anytime. You as well!
Ah. This. Okay, now I know what you mean, and hopefully I can be of some help!  I've faced this many times, and from my own experience, it really depends on who you're talking to. If it's someone...
I've always felt the same way, albeit, probably for different reasons. I've had some messed up stuff happen to me at a pretty young age (then again who hasn't, haha), and everything wrong with the...
Hm...So trying to be more assertive without causing any trouble. Typically in these types of situations I try to be as objective as possible, and phrase my words very carefully as not to cause any...
I suppose my dark side is quite...berserk. Unrelenting, hateful, manipulative, extremely violent. I don't like being in this state at all but I can't help it at times. If I witness any kind of...
Here's mine. First line is how I write now. The second line is my natural handwriting. 82874
I'm an INFJ, and also an atheist.
1. Before you came to this 'ere site - Were you happy with your life?   Did you think you were happy, but on reflection, probably weren't?  Where would you be now if you hadn't discovered MBTI?  ...'"


1931: 'Don't watch Final Destination then. :shocked:  Its not a movie for someone who fears train tracks, thats for sure.
Heights terrify me nowadays even though they didn't when I was little. It's more a fear of falling than the heights themselves though.
1. Do you like to wear a cap? It varies. If I'm going to be out in the sun for a long time, I like to have a hat to keep the sun out of my eyes. Otherwise, I don't wear a cap.   2. What brands of...
So I was randomly searching the ISTJ facebook group and recognized two PerC members right off the bat(nosilla and Spiny). Thanks ISTJ photo thread! :laughing:
I like them all, but this one really connected with me on a deep ISTJ level.  :wink::laughing:
I take a 30-45 minute walk during the day and run about an hour shortly after dusk. Every other day I do roughly 80 crunches and 30 pushups. It important though to start out small and work your way...
Yep, I'd say these two are pretty accurate. I heard the second one while at freshman orientation for college and within a few minutes of talking, she asked me out. It caught me off guard completely...
To replace the human population with Justin Bieber. Okay then......
Dream, Dread, and Passion.
For my first college semester(15 credits):  1. Criminology 101 2. Psychology 101 3. Popular Music in America 4. Quantitative Reasoning(Math 101 essentially) 5. Interpersonal and Group...
I broke a wrist back when I was 10, but other than that, I've remained pretty lucky regarding injuries.
Thanks for your input. She has a facebook so I'll give it a shot.
Ohhhhhhh.........my sarcasm detecter needs recharging. :blushed: :laughing:
For clothes, I like Old Navy(seems like a pretty popular ISTJ brand), Target, Pac Sun, and for sports clothes Modells.  For groceries, I get my foods from Safeway(better variety) and other house...
Extroverted Intuition(Ne). It's our(ISTJ) inferior function that causes us to speculate multiple different possibilities when we're under stress.
Current mood: confused  I've recently obtained an old friends phone number from a friend of mine and want to get back in touch with her again. She and I were best buddies back in elementary school...
Very true, I guess it depends on where you live. The west coast is much cooler than the east coast right now(95+ highs in VA each day). I know where I'm moving in the future. :happy:
I just bought a nice striped hoody yesterday for 15$. I must look like a genius buying fall/winter clothes when its 100 degrees outside. :crazy:
As long as my genes and health allows me to. I'd like to think I can make it to at least 85 years old if not 90.
I get my daily habits(routine) and perfectionist personality from my ISFJ father even though his OCDness far exceeds my own. His decisions are Fe based and are much more based on how things...
Double post :/
I really love cities. :happy:  20211
Be nice to the awkward, crazy girl that has a crush on you and get to know her. In 8 years, you're going to meet her again and she'll be incredibly nice and super cute ^.^  Don't step on the...
The city that best fits you is Boston. Now I have to work on my accent :wink:.                                                                               ...
1. Would you ever consider going bungee jumping/skydiving?   Absolutely not. Heights flat out terrify me more than anything else.    2. Would you ever consider getting plastic surgery? (if yes,...
Haha wow. Never knew that, lol!  EDIT: I decided to change it. Felt kinda akward with two people having the same avatar.
1. Why do you always look so mad? Are you mad? (asked by your friend who's not that close to you)  Mad? Nope, just happens naturally when I'm thinking.   2. Lets hang out. What do you wanna...
....you'd return the hug looking like this......  http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_wyr5qzDnBwc/S9VtGuLibPI/AAAAAAAAAHc/0-OGhKjHroA/s1600/how-to-give-a-great-man-to-man-hug.jpg
Sorry, I should've been more specific. I constantly have the urge to control the lives of others, but I don't usually try to control them. I'm trying to control my inner ISTJ protective instincts,...
What are your religious beliefs?  Roman Catholic   What is your political party?  Mid-left wing Democrat   Do you have any siblings?
1. Staying up late during the summer(3-4am). Want to be in bed by 1 or 1:30 at the latest.  2.  Having the urge to control the lives of others(primarily loved ones).  3. Being antisocial at...
No, not really. Came across it while dialing through channels and decided to watch it a little bit since nothing else good was on at the time.
Watching the show Blues Clues out of boredom right now for the first time in years. I feel like a little kid again! :crazy::happy:
I became friends with a very nice INFP this past year and I've found her to be great company. She can be such an enigma sometimes and I think she views me the same way. Despite our differences, she...
I have a few home-based hobbies like reading and writing and a few outdoors activities such as soccer coaching and backpacking, but generally I do everything at some point. I'm sure you have some...
1. I'm 5'9  2. I'd rather be an inch or two taller so I don't feel so short compared to my 6'0+ guy friends who like to joke with me about my height. Don't need to be 6'1+ but would like to sprout...
Very observant. Perhaps the computer light makes my eyes look brighter than they actually are. I'm not entirely sure.
I don't have a scanner to put baby/child pics on my computer but this is a picture of modern me and me when I was 5. Woohoo child pics! :laughing:  17666
What brought you to PerC?  I took a personality test last summer to finish off a psychology class and learned I was an ISTJ. I  then searched Google to learn more about ISTJs and came across the...
LOL I can relate to this. I called the library the bow-wail. Have no idea why lol.
A few of my pet peeves include:  - the smacking of chewing gum - indecisiveness - rude behavior - loud and/or aggressive noises and sounds - law-breaking
Oh noes! I've become an ENFP!  You are emotional  You are dependable, popular, and observant. Deep and thoughtful, you are prone to moodiness. In fact, your emotions tend to influence...
1. I put a rubber band around my head and pulled it back to see how far it would stretch. Unfortunately, my grip slipped and it left a huge red welt across my entire forehead. The next day, my 2nd...
Justice  Diligence Tranquility Resilience Devolution
INFJ :happy:
My mood is yeehaw right now because I just learned my girlfriend's mom is an ISTJ. Us ISTJs are all one step closer to unifying and taking over the world. :crazy::wink:
1 ravoili or lasagna? lasagna  2 camping out or slumber party?slumber party  3 hamburgers or hot dogs? hamburgers  4 music or movies? music a slight edge  6 comedy or horror? horror  7 summer or...
During my choir spring show tonight, I had my friends put their arms  around me during the senior song. I thought I'd be fine, but suddenly I  was overwhelmed with emotion and started crying. WHATS...
EDIT: wrong thread
This is flat out hilarious, IMHO.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTxkxG3DF4k'"


1983: 'http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-9QjARWd5a84/T3OXHJJbe1I/AAAAAAAAA34/OVtLNvwpMvI/s190/nod-of-approval.gif  Me too.  Once I'm done, I'm done.  We be cold as ice!
I used to shave my legs in college when I was playing hoops.  It only took once for the trainer to not use any pre-wrap when taping my ankles.  After that, I shaved my legs until I was done playing....
Watched an episode of Person of Interest......this song is now stuck in my head:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=iR_ofi7myRM
Sexual 




 50%   Social 





 54%
What is all this talk about getting a text out of the blue from an attractive female being creepy?  Is this real life?  If women basically throw themselves at you guys, you turn them down? (when...
Highlight the wall of text, right click, and choose Less words, please!  It helps me read posts I'd normally just groan and skip over.
Walls of text and no cliffs?!  Shake your head no more!  If you use Chrome, let me aware you on a TLDR browser plugin:  Stremor's TLDR plugin :: powered by Liquid Helium ...
There are so many feels in this thread now.....  I don't even....  I...  I...uh....
Being an ISTJ has nothing to do with you being socially awkward and not confident.  All it means is you have certain preferences.  It will not prevent you from being colorful, social, or cold...
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-57Jj1VGg88s/Tx7lQ5jZJHI/AAAAAAAAAYc/AZ-xdDHkTsA/s1600/bert20stare.gif
Easy there, Gotye.  After I breakup with a lady friend, I cut call contact, and all items are removed*.  I don't even really dwell too much about the relationship either.....because when I decided...
Serenity.
Squeeing?  What is this sorcery?  This pretty much sums up what was going through my head while reading that.....   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDgq-K2oYLo
Personally, I prefer limited contact, and a random try-to-be-funny/random actually-is-funny text doesn't even register on the radar for me, especially if I'm busy, which I usually am.  If you...
I never wanted to be a superhero as a kid.  I knew deep down, there was no Santa Claus, no Easter Bunny, and no superheroes.
It actually does........not to a T of course, but it's pretty close.
I'm that there elephant.
http://chzgifs.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/inp1.gif  1) Sure, why not? 2) It would have to be within driving distance.   3) ISTJ meetup would be interesting.  I wonder if everybody would just be...
From a male's perspective, female beauty is subjective, but some aspects are also objective, imo.  A better understanding of what women find attractive in a man, and what men find attractive in a...
These are the facts of life.  hhnnnnnnngg.
You are weird.  This is not normal human activity.
You are entitled to your opinion.    IMO, I think @rawr_sheila has a pretty good grasp on male/female dynamics.  I concur with just about everything she typed based on the many experiences I have...
http://thechive.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/yesitis2.gif  u200bYou keep giving me excuses to use my favorite gifs.
Seems to me you already have your mind made up.  Which leaves me asking myself.....
Crappie running down there yet?  They're starting to up here.
4x6, I'd be painted impressed.....
I love alcohol.  I'm a large human being, so I'm a bit annoyed at how much it takes for me to get a buzz.  Nothing better than a good whiskey on the rocks.  That being said, I don't drink...
If it makes you feel any better, I've only had two speeding tickets....both of which were in zones.  $120 doesn't even begin to scratch the surface.
Stalker is such a harsh word.  Internets sleuthing is mo betta.
Qadosh  I love you.
http://dahambone.com/pics/wut.gif
That's exactly what it means.  I get what I need out of friendships from my male friends.  Any females who are close to me.....I consider them a girlfriend and intimate relations are involved.  It's...
No details are necessary.  Really.  (srs)  Was making sure the last one didn't morph from ISTJ to ISTP to ESTJ.  Haven't been around for a while.
Proof yet again that men and women can't be best friends without one of them wanting to sex the other.  You both have families?  You both have already emotionally cheated, which is bad enough.  ...
Aware me.  New guy?
Or the major difference is what you define as a friend in the opposite sex and what he defines as a friend in the opposite sex are two completely different things.  Every friend I've had who...
Being trustworthy.  You break my trust, we're done.....forever.
I'm not friends with any of my exes.  Once we're done, we're done.  Edit:  I'm not saying I'm nasty with them if I happen to bump into them.  I'm friendly, but I don't seek out contact, or make an...
Which division?
Boobs, face, butt, legs.  In that order.
It does apply.  Going to the gym is always so very interesting to me.  Every day I go, I get a smirk on my face because of some of the things I pick up on.  I always notice one of two things with...
umad?  I'm pretty sure the guy knew what was on his mind, he just didn't find it relevant to discuss/complain about a motorcycle not starting to his lady friend.  Must a guy share all of his woes...
http://dahambone.com/pics/his-her-diary-same-say-motocycle.png
Take it to the next level.  What does that even mean?!  Marriage?  If so, can somebody please explain to me why any American male would ever want to get married?
RANT:  Just paid $1000 to fix a pin hole leak in my transfer case.  I'm so annoyed because the leak is caused by poor design of the pump housing.  Had it been right in the first place, I would not...
Are you ok?  You look upset.  Are you ok?  You're not saying much.  Nothing is ever good enough for you.  You need to get out more.  Hey, how are you doing?  You never call.
CutiePie - I'll tell you this....personally, I don't spend a lot of time with the opposite sex unless there are romantic feelings involved.  That being said, if my date went in for the kiss, I...
Unchanged.  Still laughing at the .gif.
I don't always drink coffee, but when I do, I prefer Dunkin' Donuts Original.  With no creamer and no sugar...  I know.....I know....  http://dahambone.com/pics/watchout.png
Dafuq?  Water is life.  I drink 2-3 gallons a day.  You'd hate me.    Instead of pouring the water in a cup, I'd drink voraciously straight from the gallon jug right in front of you, just to piss...'"


1987: Welcome to the forum.   If you look above the text box when you are typing a post there is a button you can click to add a video to your post.
Congratulations, my esteemed colleague. I hope you're wearing your best top hat on this auspicious occasion.
This will not end well for you.
How many times did you take the test before you were selected?
I refuse to join your cult, but I will take a slice of pizza.
Where I'm Calling From by Raymond Carver
Borderlands 2 on PS4 (Borderlands: Handsome Collection)
Hello, SoraJea. I'm sure plenty of people verify their MBTI type multiple times.
Hello, Kristie. Welcome to the forum.
I usually read novels. I am not drawn to any specific genres. I tend to read general fiction. One of my favourite books is Catch-22. I am not too familiar with contemporary fiction. I enjoy reading...
Hello Dave, welcome to the forum.   In regards to your question, there is a sub forum dedicated to speculating on the types of fictional characters and real people, but that is usually limited to a...
Here are some of my favourites:  Seinfeld The Walking Dead The Simpsons Breaking Bad Trailer Park Boys Arrested Development Married with Children Prison Break MASH
Welcome to the forum, uterusbearer.
I usually read while sitting in my computer chair. Sometimes I read on the couch.
Hello, Shannon. Welcome to forum.
I'm sending my answer your way.
Popcorn
I sleep on my side. Usually, I start off on my right side for a while and then turn over a few times until I fall asleep.
Welcome to the forum, TML. I am a fellow Canadian.
The Imitation Game
Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor. I've been playing it for a while. I should be finished up soon. Lately, I've been having fun branding the orcs. I have a fair amount of Sauron's army under my control....
Hello, Lithenai. Welcome to the forums.
one - thumb two - forefinger three - middle finger four - ring finger five - pinky finger
Welcome to the forums, Grace. Enjoy your stay.  I don't think there are any guidelines for an intro topic. You seemed to have covered the basics.
The Dark Tower VII by Stephen King
Welcome to the forums, Captain.
Jack Reacher
It's that obvious, eh?
If I travel somewhere/stay at somebody's house, I bring everything plus an itemized list so I don't forget anything.
I'm always late.
We don't need any damn rules.
1. ISTJ  2. Atheist  3. My parents aren't religious and they never brought up religion when I was growing up.
I think we should host the party at my place.
Are you telling me that INFJs are trained assassins? :ninja:
I'm not sure if I've ever had anybody say I'm boring to my face, but I'm sure people have had that thought about me. I know I am boring, but I don't need somebody telling me that to my face. I don't...
Do I just name the last movie I watched? I watched High Plains Drifter last night.
Well, that may be true, but I like my chances of staying unmarried.
I don't see myself ever getting married.
I'm an ISTJ. I don't have an interest in smoking weed, but I don't mind if other people want to legalize it.
Welcome to the forum, someone12345678.   To answer your question: no, I do not have any specific role models that I think of when I am making decisions.
Welcome to the Island.
The Great Shark Hunt by Hunter S. Thompson
I usually read fiction and I don't skip ahead to the end. Occasionally, I will check how long the chapter is, but I don't read anything further ahead. I read in smaller chunks over a longer period of...
It's time for a dance contest.
I don't care if we're late.
ISTJ. I don't have a religion and I wasn't brought up in any kind of religion.
I've never taken a legitimate IQ test, but I do have a mild interest in take one someday.
Hugs for everybody!
I scored a 33.
I bleached my hair blonde when I was 14. That was 12 years ago and I still regret it, hah."


2015: 'I was actually in a relationship with an INFP and I liked it. Also get along quite well with ENFPs.   I do get you have some experience with some ISTJ, but that does not mean all of us are like...
Red Orchestra and I played Rising Storm 2 Vietnam last week.
We get things done this way. Fun comes after and you get to have your fun too. And Happy29 will provide us with some good food. :proud:
Always need some good food. Besides it's a meeting with a party after it.
Seems like we will have a great party then thanks to the both of you. :wink:
Maybe that is the way it goes with ESFPs, but not here. The pack will have to discuss on a good leader and then we can have fun. Since fun is your weakness (and perhaps that of other ESFPs too),...
You know, it's important. Business first, then there is time for fun like a rap battle (But I'm not a rapper).
If others want one, then we go for one. But since we are talking about our subforum with black as it's colour, it could also just be a relaxed, casual meeting where we just go over pros and cons of...
Exactly, that is why we need to talk about it instead of having a big war game. One strategy could lead to a big waste of resources and then we are further away from our initial goal.
There isn't.
In the style of, not a game mode. xD    It is just all out warfare, all the time.
That's cute, but I meant it more in the style of Warhammer 40k instead of team deathmatches and FFAs. xD
I like ESTJs. I do not see them as a loud version of myself, although goals could overlap.   Hehe, nothing wrong with being serious. Jokes have a time and a place.    A pack leader, so is this...
You could lose some resources in the meanwhile that you may need later on and that would not be a great idea.
You know, the leader should be the one who is most capable, not one who wins some contest/battle.
You know how I imagine that?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1dAs0aWas8  In all seriousness, if we ever need a leader, I think we would all sit around a table and actually discuss it. xD
I think packs would fit. The ones who we do trust will get our full trust. It is just the issue of who we let in the pack. :P
I don't know. I assume modern times since you brought it up while I suggested you stay here to admire the subforum colour. xD
It makes sense, but now it raises another question. Just like with our colour black, are we the wolves or men in that question? :P
https://m.popkey.co/acc842/XRvMx.gif  Or you could just stay with here with us and enjoy the subforum colour with us.
No, no it's not. We just keep black as our color. After all, money is money regardless of it's colour.
Funny to see ESTJ in there, did not expect that.  Actualized type: ISTJ (who you are) Introverted (I) 65.63% Extroverted (E) 34.38% Sensing (S) 58.82% Intuitive (N) 41.18% Thinking (T) 52.63%...
Depends on who it is.
Now I wonder if I should tell things about my infp girlfriend and me [emoji13]   Verstuurd vanaf mijn Nexus 5 met Tapatalk
Sleep through it (although for 14 hours...) or talk with INTP about games or something. Answering the what if questions from the others wouldn't be that bad unless it goes on for 3 hours. :crazy:...
You know, that would save people some time if they did that. It will make it easier for some, but people do not like being blunt or confess something (like feelings for someone).
I got Social Introvert:   You spend a lot of time by yourselfâ€”and you're completely okay with that. You are happy with the small group of friends that you have and you avoid large crowds like the...
That's sweet of you to say, Beatriz.
413074
You could try Professor Layton if you want a puzzle game. I don't know about a good strategy game for 3ds, haven't really followed the 3ds.
According to your answers, your dominant Tendency is Upholder.  Upholders respond readily to both outer and inner expectations: they meet deadlines and keep New Yearâ€™s resolutions without much...
I thought the invasion ended...
Because it's quite varied and you always manage to make it look great (I bet it tastes great too). So yeah, please keep posting the delicious things you make!
Always amazing to see what you made, Doktorin. :proud:
395266
In due time. I still have yet to meet an ESFJ...
Like ChelC mentioned, thinking of a really good friend as family and then finding out he/she turned his/her back on you. I had that happen and it felt like he put a knife in my back. We treat friends...
I think it's better to invest into a good PC nowadays. Nintendo decided to not follow with that same time console release schedule and now we have Nintendo consoles coming out at a weird time.
I definitely changed for the better. When I was young I was way less organised. I always voiced how I thought about things, even if that led to arguments with teacher (like asking why I needed to...
RIP Mr Iwata, he will be missed.   I think city builders like Simcity and Anno are liked among ISTJ's cause you can plan things out that have the outcome you want. You want a city with a lot of...
Smite is really your typical MOBA, but with a third person view. The company behind it messed up Tribes and I am not really keen on how they decided to balance things out. You could give it a go if...
I like peanutbutter and red chili paste on a spring roll. Just love it. Can't think of something else at the moment, but I will let you all know if something comes up.
I am the youngest of three, got a handicapped brother and a sister. Neither my brother or myself were the favorite as my sister somehow got the most attention, always got help when she asked for it...
I also play War Thunder from time to time. I tend to mostly play tanks now though and I cannot play realistic battles (I really want to one day). From all of the free to play games, I have to say...
Deathmint I don't know why we love it. I like it cause it was such a big event for the world. Everyone had an impact in that war, negative or positive. Also the technology took a leap during that...
As said above, she should be honest and genuine. I prefer if she would take on the extroverted part of the relationship. She should also have the time to break that ISTJ wall to get to know him...
How could I forget Xcom... I even own Xcom. :dry:  That reminds me, I actually still need to finish that game.   I love WW2 games. The setting, the weapons and technology, just love it. I wish we...
If you like turn based strategy and have a Gameboy Advance or DS, you can give Advance Wars a try. On PC there are a few turn based 4x strategy games like Endless Space and Endless Legend. I also...
You what?!
Whenever I have problems/personal issues I tend to either bottle it up or talk about it with my brother. It has to be someone I can trust so that they won't tell everyone about it. You might still...'"


2083: Thanks for assuaging my fears!   Guess ive seen my ISTJ dad chase away enough friends to think it might happen to me too.    Curious, any of you guys feel this way?
Good idea. The good news is that they do know i like my space. But i'm just worried because, being my first experience, i wouldn't know when i need to recharge. I tend to get grumpy, i've noticed.
Fellow ISTJ's, i have an odd question.   In dec, i'll be traveling with 2 friends of mine (they're a couple) for a total of 16 days. During which, our accommodations will be apartments so there's...
A little late to the party. But here's mine. We dated for a while.   Dislikes:   Stubbornness, is a completely opposite way we are. We are stubborn about how there's usually a 'best way' to do...
Yes, i'm going to have to agree with you on this, having been on the receiving end before.  Though, if they're talking to you, it's always a good sign.
Workplace.   The first one had numerous (if not all) characteristics of INTPs, and members' analysis of her behavior confirmed my assessment. The second one was pretty similar to the first.
Unwittingly.
Don't worry, i'm not condemning all INTPs, or even any INTPs.   I'm just feeling a little ranty. And sad, about getting rejected again.
One year after getting my heart broken by an INTP, and i find myself dating another INTP.   I wish this one had a happier ending, but i just got the 'i don't think things will work out in the long...
So, do INFJs jump straight into dating?   Or do they prefer the whole 'let's be friends first' song and dance?   Though i can't say for sure if attraction is there at this point.
I know it will help when talking to try to get straight to the point.   And personally, if i found someone annoying, i'll avoid them. I won't tell them they were annoying.   Source: Dated an ENFP.
Heh, you really do know how to talk to ISTJ's. This is exactly what i'm looking for. Thanks a million! And good luck with your istj.
Yes, silly me. That would've been an important detail to include.   No, i don't work with her. We met at a casual social event via a mutual friends, and they thought we might be compatible with...
So recently i developed a crush on an INFJ.   But word on the street is that she's not looking for a relationship, and has submitted herself (looking forward to?) a life of singlehood due to some...
I need help with an INTP.   Ok, i know this is a lost cause, and i'm prepared for the worse, but previously i was seeing an INTP, but i got too emotionally demanding and she called it off.   Now...
Thanks for the replies.   I just can't seem to find a way to have a second chance, without outright telling her but doing that would just put more pressure on her and defeat the whole purpose.  ...
I know this is a silly question, and i'm stupid for even asking.   But do you get second chances with an INTP?   I was previously dating one, and she decided to end things because she didn't...
How they're so damn hard to get over.
Rant: Hate how i always need things to be either black or white. Especially when it comes to relationships. Was dating this INTP lady for a while, and my need for clear definitions of our...
It matters to me, because that lady broke my heart once when she ended things, then once again when i saw how quickly she'd moved on. Guess i just hate being insignificant.      angelcat thanks...
I'm pretty sure that's the case here too.   But doesn't mean it can't piss me off. ;)   Hence the decision to post in this thread.
I hate how fast INTPs move on.   I'd recently ended a 'relationship' with one, and i seem to have lifted right out of her life.   It's like all the feelings we had, memories we shared, and good...
When even your thread title seems cheerful.   Contrast this to the utilitarian ISTJ...   http://personalitycafe.com/istj-forum-duty-fulfillers/18542-you-know-youre-istj-when.html  When guys...
Just chiming in to say, 300+ pages in the INTP relationship thread vs. 19 pages in the ENFP relationship thread.   Clearly, relationships with ENFP's are less complicated. Keep up the good work...
I troll people i like and trust, people whom i know won't take offense.   I usually have a very serious and stoic face, so everything i say sounds serious. Only close friends would know i was...
I'm interested to know the answer too!
Well, in this case she hasn't mentioned wanting to end things so far. And we've been seeing each other since then. So i'm really hoping it's just that she needs space.   And you're asking an ISTJ...
Thanks,  Iamtp and  AijA for the advice.   I'm talking about ~4 texts and 1 unanswered phone call over a span of a week and a half. Usually, i can take a hint pretty well, but we've been dating...
If an INTP has decided to ignore me, she won't agree to go out with me right?   I'm asking because last week it really felt like i was being ignored by her intentionally. Calls go unanswered, texts...
I need help!!  So i've been seeing this INTP for a while now, and got her to admit she has feelings for me.   But she just told me that she 'is convinced our relationship won't work out', 'has...
Though i'm not an INTP, but i do notice they have a thing about contact. The INTP i've been dating has never touched me, and her default reaction to me touching her is to shrug it off, and then i'll...
Hey all, just an update about my situation.   To recap:  - Dating an INTP for about 6 months now.  - Been going well, though she seems to been acting really withdrawn lately - On dates she's...
Need help again with my INTP.   How will i know if an INTP is withdrawing because she needs space vs. withdrawing because she no longer wants to be part of this (dating) relationship?   I've been...
For me it's more of stress and helplessness. Indirectly, a loss of control. Never in public though. And only if i allow myself. So i suppose 'gracefulness' depends on how strongly i wish to feel it. ...
He will - find some ways to 'run into' you and maybe make a funny quip or two.  - look at you when you're not looking - observe what you like and find an appropriate (ie, not creepy) opportunity...
Also, if i recognize the face but can't place it in the right context, it'll bug me the whole day.
Oh? Would that help? I did sorta hint to her that i missed having her do that, but i guess i forgot hinting to INTPs are pointless. I'll do a more direct approach next time.   I hope that wasn't...
Thanks,  Mschievious, for those reassuring words and well wishes!  She did admit a couple of weeks back that she had feelings for me. Though her behavior after having done that makes me wonder.  ...
Have you tried directing your Pness elsewhere?   Sometimes it's the J that's the problem. My Pness seems to fit in everywhere.   Sure, some J's are less accommodating than others, but it's...
Well, outbursts aren't necessarily bad, it helps clear the air. While being stubborn and judgemental are seldom a good thing.   Update about my situation, i brought it up the other day, but she...
Yes! Very much so.   I assumed it was an ISTJ thing that we would connect the dots of our memory and lead to recollecting.   Sometimes it takes me longer, but i do sometimes wonder where i've...
Well, i haven't had the chance, though i plan to. In the most offhanded, by-the-way tone i can muster. Though at this point i have at least steeled myself for the worst possibility, so i won't break...
Thanks guys.   I doubt it was something i did. Last i saw her, i had just sent her home from work, and gave a her kiss goodnight, as usual. We did have a pretty awkward and quiet trip home though,...
I've been dating an INTP, and i have a major complaint:   Their ability to rationalize their way out of a relationship, and then withdrawing with nary a word.   Some background (cliff notes) - ...
Thanks for taking the time to respond to my question! Really appreciate it. And sorry for putting you on the spot.   Detachment, eh? Well, easier said than done, but i will try my best. As for...
Thanks for that! Though you switched pronouns halfway through your response. You meant that she's the one who 'stuck herself in a vulnerable situation' right?  How will i know when she's done...
Half full.   Because we always have backup plans, and backup plans in case our backup plans fail.
I think ladies have it better. Even introverted guys will somehow find the courage to initiate if they're interested.   I've never known an introverted lady to initiate anything in the very early...
Once a week sounds fine to me, 'too eager' would be everyday. I think pressure stems from content of the message than frequency though.  Question for INTPs: Is it normal for an INTP to withdraw...
Well, i don't know how often you initiate contact, but for me, i text her (my INTP) every other day. Sometimes we manage to back and forth till she sleeps (but very long intervals between messages),..."


2084: 'More like calling close to 10 times from 1 am to 2am, telling me it's your loss, taking a break from 2 am to 3 am, texting me at 3 am to tell me he expected more and then calling me a couple...
So actually let me continue my story. He gave me a REAL explanation now.  Long story short: He expected me to either pay for everything or for him to pay for everything. Yes, all this chivalry BS....
I've been MIA with my new job and everything, but I'm back for a bit of a shitty rant.  To preface, and I'm sure most of you can connect to, I'm really introverted. As a result, it can be hard for...
You'd think INFJs with their Fe would be full of empathy :laughing:
Rant: When you go on the INFJ forum asking a question to understand your INFJ friend, get a reply that you can't understand, reply with something to be cordial/hopefully get some clarification, and...
My oh my. Sorry to have offended you. To be honest, I couldn't quite parse what you were trying to say so I tried my best to respond. No need to get your panties in a bunch. I won't bother you...
I think the interesting thing is that the INFJ friend does this all the time. She asks you if you want to do something even though she doesn't want to do anything. I think it's mind-boggling that she...
This is not a relationship question, but more of a why is my INFJ friend like this? question.  About a year ago my INFJ friend went on a spring break trip with her boyfriend and a friend from our...
Honestly I would too, except I also don't want to come off as that clingy friend.
I'd like to preface this by saying that I tend to get jealous and a little possessive.  From my experiences with FWBs (read: relationships that aren't relationships...), I tend to get a little...
I 100% identify with this. I sometimes feel like just calling them out on it, but you know... :laughing:
I think I used to be the same as you when I first started college (no matter how difficult the concept, I'd rather look for help online or just try to figure it out on my own). As I went through...
Maybe this is a me thing, but when my friends and I set a plan to do something at X PM and said friends come to pick me up, I expect them to let me know that they're coming --- and not be completely...
Go on vacation forever. :laughing:
Wonderful advice. Every time I've been flaked out all I'm left with is a bunch of negative emotions and feeling of just wanting to yell at the other person for being such a flake. I've never really...
Rant: I feel like this is the millionth time I've ranted about this very issue, but flakes... I hate them to my very core. I've been talking to this one person for a while now and we finally agreed...
I majored in Applied Math and Computer Science in college... and while I liked math going into it, by the end I kind of got sick of it/much preferred Computer Science over math. I'm good at certain...
Something my friend pointed out to me the other day - I'm somehow really good at remembering faces. Like if I've met you even once and there was something even just minor, but still somewhat...
I only know of one ESTJ and she loves reading. But as an ISTJ, I hate reading... haha. I would much prefer watching TV or playing video games.
Dear ESTP,  Y'all are so different from me, yet somehow I connect with y'all in ways that I would've never imagined. Thanks for bringing the fun into my life. Wish I could meet more of you~ ...
Gender: male Age: 17-27 Intelligence: superior Openness: conservative MBTI personality profile: ISTP Closest alternative we found: ISFP  I wouldn't consider myself a conservative... went to a...
I only give compliments when I 100% feel like they're warranted. For example, some people may give empty compliments or may only half believe what they're saying. I feel like I'm lying to to them...
I love my ESFJ mom to bits and pieces, but sometimes she gets on my last nerve. I'm 22 turning 23 and sometimes she just nags and nags and nags me to do this and to do that, telling me to do things...
If someone came to you and asked you to make a decision about something, what would your thought process be?  Think about it briefly (or perhaps long and hard depending on what the decision is) and...
Rant: Went on a date with a supposed ENTJ and he just would not shut up about all the issues he had with people at his school. Just kept going on and on and on about the same damn topic for 15...
Actualized type: ISTJ (who you are) Introverted (I) 69.7% Extroverted (E) 30.3% Sensing (S) 75% Intuitive (N) 25% Thinking (T) 63.64% Feeling (F) 36.36% Judging (J) 62.86% Perceiving (P) 37.14%...
As a 22, almost 23 year old, I've never been in a relationship. Gotten close more than my fair share, but never hit the nail on the head for real. It's always had to do with the wrong person, wrong...
I have a close friend that's an ESTP and when he likes a girl, he'll stick with her unless something really bad causes him to want to break up with her. I hung out with him a lot during the summer...
This is interesting. When I was a kid I definitely felt this way. I just couldn't be bothered with some kids my age because they were just so immature. I fit in quite well with adults or kids a...
An INTJ that wrecked me emotionally (okay, I'm being a little dramatic here).  We were kind of seeing each other over the summer but we knew that it wouldn't last purely because we'd end up in...
I tend to be wary of tests that have 2-choice multiple choice... But I have gotten ISFJ several times before so this isn't horribly inaccruate, I guess.  50% ISFJ 22% ISTJ 8% ESFJ 5% ESTJ 4%...
I have one ENFP friend who is incredibly outspoken. If he believes that something is right or wrong, he will go to great lengths to make sure that whatever's right will stay and whatever's wrong will...
Me: ISTJ  Mom: ESFJ Dad: INTJ  Dunno about my grandparents though.
There tends to be a stereotype of ISTJs that they're workaholics and neat freaks. As of late I've been a pretty bad procrastinator (maybe should work on that, heh...) and my room is the opposite of...
As an ISTJ I somehow find myself needing to be cool in front of others. Like I don't have a shit kind of vibe sometimes. Not sure if other ISTJs feel the same way.
Transfer over to my Ivy League ;) I'm sure you'd have a great time heheh
Not really saying, but thinking: Why were you so damn late?
How about ISTJ's? :)   (side note: one of my best friends in college is ESTP and we get along so, so well, weirdly enough)
One of my past roommates is an ISFJ. We understood each other's needs for alone and quiet time and we both got our shit done when we needed to. But what differed was that she is an extremely caring...
This has been sort of bothering me for some time now. A lot of ISTJs (or at least from the threads I've read on this and other forums) seem to be not clingy at all - rather, they hate clinginess. I'm...
You find it really hard to compliment others (in a fake way like some people do, or even when you feel like it's true).
...when you see someone you kinda know on the street and you actively avoid any interaction whatsoever.
ENFP's... I have three great friends that are ENFP's, but there are just some things they do...  Two of them say some of the most random (yet oddly funny) crap that make them seem dumb even though...
This. Haha.
For the single ISTJer's out there (and the successful taken ones), where do go to meet people for more long-term oriented relationships? The bar? Between friend groups? School? Work?  (Also please...
This. I pretend like I'm completely not into the person/am annoyed at them. If they talk to me, then I pretend to act really chill when I'm screaming on the inside.
Hey y'all!  I wanted to ask fellow ISTJer's something of a relationship question.  2 weeks ago, I was using a hook-up app (open the spoiler below if you really want to know) and I happened to...'"


2246: 'Agree with the other answers to this posted above. I definitely notice a lot more affection from my non ISTJ partner when we have been physically separated for more than a few days. I on the other...
Most definitely. Would also also highly recommend Mr. Nobody.
Echoing some of the earlier thoughts posted I agree that life is too short to spend a significant chunk of it doing something that makes you unhappy. Especially when there are emotionally better...
I enjoy doing it because it is also one of my primary love languages plus it makes him happy. If it wasn't my primary love language I probably would still do it, just not as frequently. I'm not...
Asking them about things they are passionate about even though you would never initiate a conversation about that subject if it were anyone else.  Taking the initiative to do nice things for them....
I believe in organised chaos. And cleanliness. To clarify, I believe in neatness only where it improves the efficiency of its purpose enough to justify the cost of keeping it neat.   Definitely...
Black ballpoint pens and cursive. Pencil leaves behind residue on this lefty's hand.
This is something that I sometimes contemplate too. To try to inject drive into their lives would almost seem like overstepping my boundaries and being overbearing. Trying to get them to be something...
I sometimes pretend to be more friendly or sociable than I feel. I guess also being cordial to people I can't stand if you can call that pretending, I view it more as being polite.
I have never been /extremely/ attracted to somemone but generally when I am attracted to someone I act normal, possibly laugh or smile a bit more but that's about it. I have also been known to...
I haven't read the rest of this thread but would just like to blare the typo horn on question 16) Self-care an personal comfort are far more important to me than most people.  Tut tut.  In...
Soothing...   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDnyy0Sgsh0
Haven't read the previous posts so apologies in advance if there is any duplication.  I don't mind the light colour-scheme but strongly dislike the textured background colour which is playing havoc...
I haven't really explored the site enough to comment on navigational issues with finding things.  I do have comments regarding the colour scheme however. I don't mind the light colour-scheme but...
Ideas:   - Scrapbooky sort of thing ie with photos of memorable times spent together - Handmade card - Bake something for him - The standard Valentine's Day gift of a box of chocolates
Wasn't planning on doing anything for Valentine's day. But after some not-as-subtle-as-he-thought questioning by the boyfriend I guess I will end up making something for him. Pretty sure I know what...
Thanks for pointing that out, I wasn't aware that you couldn't physically post a message less than 10 characters. Interesting though considering how it doesn't really stop people from posting short...
When they are very good at following rules to a tee such as obeying the minimum 10 character post rule by putting 10char at the end of the post.  I personally don't see the point in doing that as...
This thread may also be of interest to you: http://personalitycafe.com/istj-forum-duty-fulfillers/23138-how-did-you-meet-your-so.html
You haven't given a lot of information about her. Generally I try to give presents that align with their interests/hobbies. I personally cherish handmade gifts the most. I'm not really sure if MBTI...
^ Ouch.  In other news, Elysia has gained a romantic interest for the first time where the feeling is mutual and things are progressing extremely slowly (to the point where at times I pondered...
I actually don't mind revival of necro threads as long as something informative/useful gets posted as even if the original poster doesn't have the issue anymore it could be useful information for...
Length of time: Varies depending on how much quality time I spend with the person in optimal settings. I show my true self when I deem them to be a friend worth keeping around. In my personal...
Do you let people see you cry?:  Immediate family - Yes. Though it is usually caused by arguments so when the tears start I wrap up the argument and usually migrate to somewhere where I can be...
Well since it has already risen from the grave so to speak:  - Having a shared sense of humour - Taking things slowly / not rushing into a relationship
One of the last things I posted on Facebook:  I can hear a sound only audible to young people - What about you?  Note: It is an irritating sound.
I've noticed this about someone who I think is an ISFP. Whenever I make a negative statement about something he is usually quick to defend it by offering an alternative viewpoint. I view it as a...
Have had the oooh bit replaying in my head, guess it doesn't help that I've been singing it on and off too. The studio version isn't available on youtube.  ...
It is a human display of emotion that isn't fully controllable. There are probably people who can start and stop crying on demand but those are generally fake tears. Crying is usually uncontrollable...
If I was crying in front of someone, it'd feel awkward because I'd much rather cry alone. I don't want people to see me crying because I don't want people to feel sad or uncomfortable because of it....
The only time I've ever seen a man cry is when his girlfriend was also there so at the time I mentally delegated the responsibility to comfort him to his girlfriend and I just pretended he wasn't...
I've had this playing on repeat for the last few hours.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZfIOBUCOvA  (this song may have already been posted on this thread already)
I just imagined the last two posts being said in a robotic tone like Amy's off The Big Bang Theory :crazy: . I like the calm rational/logical mentality.
My Excel Table + Random statistical measures (for fun)  ElysiaCorgiGirlSelaDeamoMBTI EnthusiastOut0fAmmo1987 0144455323362841 0224160611211510 0317293020280622...
I'm an example of nature (uncanny likeness to father in the ways we are wired / how we think) which has been mellowed out via nurture (influence of mother).  Interesting article:  Snappy...
How to understand him better --> Ask him questions to learn more about him but also make it clear that it's alright to not answer if he feels uncomfortable with certain questions. Though in saying...
Type One: 44 Type Two: 24 Type Three: 17 Type Four: 2 Type Five: 46 Type Six: 22 Type Seven: 0 Type Eight: 19 Type Nine: 36
Talk to him and be frank about your thoughts on the situation. Maybe he is unaware that in your mind he seems to be distancing himself or maybe he really is purposely distancing himself. The answer...
The person who has asked me that question the most is a guy. Though granted he is the only guy in the list of people who have ever asked me that question (only get asked it about once a year or less...
1. Why do you always look so mad? Are you mad? (asked by your friend who's not that close to you)  I've never been asked that before. Similar to CorgiGirl, I've only ever been asked are you...
This better quality image of likeness will self destruct in the near future :crazy:     Oooh do you have the sheet music for Bach Cello Suite No1 Prelude in G Major? That is one of my favourite...
The tone of your vocals reminds me of the old-style singers who had awesome voices :happy:    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLriEdFDkFM  The chorus of this song is too high for me hence my...
Never heard that song before either. Chorus is catchy though, was singing along by the end of the video. I liked your happy swaying :crazy:    I'd wanted to join my high school choir but I ended...
If it was me and there was no way I could see it working out, I'd say it straight that no, I didn't like you that way. I may try to soften the blow depending on the situation/context.   I'm not...
I never ask people how are you as a greeting or as a conversational phrase because I usually don't want to know the answer nor do I care about the answer as it is normally fine or good which I...
My solution is to close door and lock. Then ignore bangings on door. :crazy: Nah, I'm generally left alone if my door is closed.
You were blind to me, now I'm blind to you   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEozZV04UwU
I normally sleep like C and more like A when I'm feeling cold. Sometimes I fall asleep like D but always wake up on my side. Also pretty sure I have posted something similar to this on another ISTJ...
If you haven't already, perhaps search up some threads in the INFJ forum or seek advice there on how to best deal with the aftermath. Some threads that I searched up, not sure how many of them are...
For people who pique my interest or who I want to find out more about what kind of person they are, I make assumptions from things that I observe about them as well what they say and how they act...'"


2559: 'On paper, I know that. Several people have said the same thing, and reinforcement is probably what I'm looking for. Thank you. I've never felt pain like this before.
I've been dating an INTJ male for over three years. We've been living together for one. Over the past year, I've noticed things becoming stale and unexciting. I put in effort for a long time and...
Instead of describing myself as cold-hearted, I think I'm more cool-headed.   But people take it the wrong way. I've been described as soulless once and as an ice queen many times.
Well when I was first getting to know my [future] boyfriend, first of all he was in charge (college fencing club, he was a former member turned coach) and it's common for me to eye new authorities...
- Do you know any? I've been dating one for two years, a month and eleven days and living with him for three-ish months. - Do you like them? I'm pretty sure I do. - What do you think about them?...
I've always wadded it.
If I over-think something concerning my relationship with my bf it doesn't take much for the tears to well up-- especially when I'm talking to him about it. It's usually when we're laying in bed that...
The only time I've ever experienced a panic attack, I was coming off of shrooms and received some bad news.
My INTJ boyfriend talks aloud to himself all the time when he's working on something (e.g. a jigsaw puzzle or software code for work). It doesn't bother me, but I know he works in a cubicle and I...
In a flash, my first thought was Narnia.  It may seem childish to some, but if I could be transported to Narnia along with my love to live out our days in Owl Wood or perhaps southwards along...
My answers to a similar thread in the ISTP forum will have to do, I'm too lazy to retype the gist.
I'll take a stab at Emotional Venting.
I carry this pretty much everywhere I go (mine's red). I also have a swiss army knife, but it usually stays at home unless I'm going somewhere I know I'll need it.
Hiking is great. I do it anytime I get an opportunity. My first date with my squeeze was amazing, we went to a place called Dismal Falls. It was hands down the most exciting and challenging trail...
1. Why do you always look so mad? Are you mad? (asked by your friend who's not that close to you) That's just my face, and no.  2. Lets hang out. What do you wanna do? (asked by your best friend)...
1. Do you like kids? Why? I like very few children. In general, they are too loud and too silly. I also find that too many of them have push-over parents who never lay down the law, which makes a...
I don't usually enjoy discussing philosophy, mainly because I can't get my thoughts straight on many of the topics. I took a philosophy class a couple of semesters ago and writing papers for it drove...
I drifted in and out of gifted/honors/ap classes. The intelligence is there, the motivation is not. I never really had to try very hard, so I never did. I could write the best paper in class during...
Well I like one in particular enough to date him.   I appreciate his intelligence and am learning to appreciate his methods (the intuitive aspect). And sometimes his [unintentionally?]...
At the risk of sounding rude, if you identify as and ISFJ and we don't know this hairdresser's type, why is this in the ISTJ forum?
1. What's your partner's (spouse/girlfriend/boyfriend/fiancee) MBTI type? I am an ISTx (I voted ISTP) dating an INTJ. 2. How's your relationship with them? Do you enjoy it? It's going pretty well....
Grammar: C-
Damn those halfbreds.
Skimming, ftw.
I've had so many opportunities to try like Jack Daniels and stuff, but I always chicken out; but I could damn near sip SoCo. It's quite fruity (peachy). It was actually a bartender's [successful]...
Would totally do it. One of my favorite things about really tripping is the surprising change in familiar sensory data. It's awesome.  For those playing at home: Try taking a shot of Southern...
I think you might be missing something in your practice of Stoicism if it doesn't bring you tranquility and joy. According to Seneca, what Stoics seek to discover is, how the mind may always pursue...
I bow before our benevolent Google overlords.  Search engine/web browser (omni bar, ftw): Chrome and Chrome Canary Build
My immediate reaction upon reading the title question: Ha!
I really have a bit of all the genres listed in this poll in my library. What I listen to on a given day really depends on my mood. Overall I can tolerate almost anything and can find something to...
Although there was never a relationship beyond friendship, the first guy I ever loved was three years younger than me. I could do it. I'm dating someone 6 years older than me, so why not a few years...
1) Your Favorite Color: Purple- mysterious, regal, rare 2) Your Favorite Animal: Tiger- strong, solitary, beautiful  3) If you went to sleep and when you finally woke up, you were in a white room...
Not at all. It's completely normal to seek advice from other people on almost any topic, including how to bring up a topic that has proven to be sensitive. Try finding a corner of the internet where...
I'd like to point to the tread title, Need to talk to INTJ bf about our relationship - any advice? I feel like I'm spelling it out: She knows she needs to talk to him. She's planning on talking to...
Tom Clancy: Any of the Jack Ryan books. Lots of CIA and military action and intrigue. Really long books, but such well written stories. The Chronicles of Narnia by CS Lewis: Lifetime faves of mine....
*Momentary derail:   Wait-- YOU'RE BACK?
Pride and Prejudice is in my top ten for both movie sand books, but I'm not convinced Elizabeth is an ISTJ. It's been ages since I've had an opportunity to read recreationally, so I'm sure I'm a bit...
They don't call it social lubricant for nothing.
I did go to prom. I went because I thought it might be fun and I wanted to look pretty and dress up.  I did not enjoy it.
It doesn't even have to be a breakup per se. I had this friend, whom I could possibly have called my best friend. We were partners in crime (sometimes literally), confidants, and really compatible. I...
I'm dating an INTJ, so we're both pretty introverted. We knew each other for two years beforehand (he was in a dead relationship for all but two weeks of that time-- they were both miserable). After...
I don't pick up accents at all, but I pretty quickly absorb mannerisms and phrases pretty quickly-- but only of people I care about.
Does anyone else around here dislike celebrating or even acknowledging their own birthday, for reasons that have nothing to do with getting older?  My birthday is this weekend and I'm really...
These are my babykins, Barnes and Noble: 12444 Obviously they're dogs, and they're pekingese-lab mixes.  Barnsie was more difficult to type, but I think he must be an ESFP. He loves attention and...
I know it's not, I was just being snarky to Peter for writing off ISTJs as so one dimensional.
Personally, I like clearly defined boundaries and I behave properly within those confines. Acting relationship-y outside of an established relationship seems weird to me. Maybe it's his way of...
I'm like a Klingon in my commitment to honor and living honorably. My word is my bond and you can bet your life on my promise.  Clarification: The above statement is only valid if I explicitly or...
I'm left handed, and as far as I can tell from my behavior and a few online assessments, things are pretty evenly distributed between my hemispheres.
I took the test Friday and I don't remember all of my scores, but I do remember that overall my brain was described as masculine. However, I did get 10 out of 10 on the eyes portion, of which I was...
How do you sleep?  I tend to start out on my left side, then I switch to my right after a bit, and eventually back to my left. That's as far as I can remember, anyway. Occasionally I sleep on my...'"


2580: 'Hello all, I'm a senior in college and working on my senior research project that focuses on personality assessment. My research is structured around a survey that includes both the MBTI and the...
Geometry was always my preference as well...my friends nevere seemed to understand how I could like it more at all. :mellow:
Totally understandable, Sela. Good luck with all those classes! Mine started today too. So far I've had Introductory Biblical Hebrew, History & Systems of Psychology, and Studies in Pauline...
I'm going to have to go with J as my favorite. It's certainly the most obvious of my personality. A lot of my friends who try to type me before I tell them I'm an ISTJ may say something like ESTJ,...
Every day I become more and more aware that introverts need extroverts, but extroverts need introverts just as much. For example, tonight was the first bit of my university's Welcome Week with the...
Oh man, I take heat for this all the time. When I ask someone to pass me my purse in the car or something they always act like I've asked them to pick up a ton of bricks. To fit everything I need...
Username: The firedancer is a symbol for Dave Matthews Band and of course 42 is the answer to life, the universe, and everything. :wink:  Avatar: I'd always related to Hermione and then I saw this...
Story of my life. :frustrating:
Same goes for me, I have a really strange memory for small things like that and I use it as a study aid too. For example, I will try to connect things I hear in lecture or read about on my own to...
I have a friend who I believe is also an ISTJ, or at least IXTJ, and he is exactly like this. He pinches pennies like crazy until he's set his mind on something he really wants. However, he doesn't...
That's me 100%. That sense of delayed gratification that drives me to be proactive. Since last minute problems and changes are not something I want to have sneak up on me I get as much as I can done...
I was thinking of that very movie when I posted! That as the Fox and the Hound...they killed me as a kid and still do, every time.:sad:
Sela, I'm really sorry to hear about your cat. We all have our own way of dealing with grief, and I hope you'll find what works best for you. I really like your paw print idea...hang in there.   ...
I probably overanalyze to a degree if I'm trying to read any type of reaction like this from someone I'm just getting to know. I notice this in hindsight, it's not usually a fully conscious act. For...
Couldn't have said it better myself. There's a major differece in a guy being a complete sucker over a girl and being a gentleman that she'll actually respect. Maybe some girls take advantage of guys...
Like others have mentioned make some good female friends, no expectations at first necessarily, even if you're hopeful with someone, and then go from there. Be confident but not cocky (not generally...
ISTJ/Type 1 Comparison   It was almost scary how much I fit in both parts. As far as the differences listed go I can see bits of myself in both, it just depends on the day and the situation really....
1w2 as well. There was a link to a comparison of type 1s and ISTJs on one of the threads here once, I'll try and repost it here later, when I'm on my computer, and not my phone...:cool: It was really...
I would only feel comfortable doing something like that if it was the first feel weeks of summer break or something like that, but then it would be expected. I try to take an evening for recharging...
1.) I would say an ISTJ becomes unhealthy they allow the things we're prone to hold them back in life or hurt others. Some of these things would be like being so afraid to show any emotion that you...
There does seem to be some correlation, yes, most of my friends who have a lot of OCD traits are at least XSTJs...and many of them left-handed...hmm...but that's beside the point. :wink:  Of the...
I was first chair clarinet in middle school, and would surely be useless now, but loved it while I played. I didn't play in high school because of the ridiculous requirements from marching band that...
If it's something very specific that I know wasn't my fault then I deal with it accordingly. However, with anything that deals with emotions, relationships, etc. then I usually overanalyze and worry...
Wow, that is me...completely. Just too add a little (though you pretty much took the words out of my mouth), others truly wanting to spend time with me is when I really feel loved and I think this...
Mhmm...I guess since we're not ACTUALLY robots we have to rebel against that mindset somehow. ;)
I've always felt most comfortable with academics. I may not be the one speaking up in a group of people I'm unfamiliar with but I have no trouble talking in class. Once when my friend was trying to...
I get like this if I am already on edge about something that took place. Until I feel I have enough evidence that nothing is wrong I can be pretty on edge. For example, if someone I'm close to is...
Agreed. True intelligence requires incorporating theory AND fact to grasp knowledge in deeper ways.
I played D&D for the first time at my university this past year and absolutely loved it. I was the newcomer among several veterans and it seemed like they enjoyed teaching me as much as I liked...
Bleh...sorry, double posted, and probably overlooking a delete option completely. =
Caius did a really good job explaining the basic levels I seem to have as well. In high school I had most of my classes with the same people and knew all of them very well but would hardly have...
First, thanks for the positive feedback! To answer your question about daydreaming and imagination I have always found it easy to use these things as well as logic (as a more definitive...
I can have periods of time like this when chaos seems to take over my life. I do pretty well dealing with things up until a certain point and then it's like I hit a wall. I see this issue in terms of...
One of my ISTJ friends is a newsaholic, and my ESTJ father is. However, I personally don't keep up with it as much. I'm not uninterested in it, but I usually end up focusing on other things. I like...
I'm left-handed and an S, without a doubt. I assume this was taken because of handedness and the prominent hemisphere being used typically being opposites (left-handed people typically being...
I am pretty anti-conflict. I hate arguing and try to avoid it. However, when someone I know very well is acting out of character in a negative way or won't let an issue drop I speak up and can be...
I see the points you're making, and I would come closer to agreeing about Penny than about Sheldon. I see his arrogance as immaturity and simply feeling like he has gathered enough evidence (S) to...
Hmm...why type Sheldon as a P and Penny first as a J? They seem to me to be textbook examples of the opposite.
When you move into a new apartment and reorganize everything 314159 times with your ISXJ roommate...until it's perfect down to the last junk drawer. :wink:
I've always been pretty good with math and things but I care too little about money to enjoy accounting and am usually pretty bored with it in general. Surprisingly, I've always enjoyed studying more...
Every story I read, heard, or watched usually became my favorite for a while, haha. I really like Nancy Drew books, Dr. Seuss, Great illustrated Classics of all kinds, and just whatever else I could...
I was certainly born into the Nickelodeon generation...but when it was younger and at its best. ;) Rugrats was a must watch, but I was certainly a Power Rangers girl, too. Most of the shows that came...
Hmm, off the top of my head:  Beauty and the Beast (Belle was the smart book-lover, hehe) The Lion King Mulan Aladdin  Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory (Gene Wilder rendition) My Girl...
Hahah, I'm loving it too. Definitely a dog person myself but this picture is the story of my life! In fact, my sister found this picture the other day and goes this is you!! :crazy:
I think this is the key point here. While a relationship can seem logical on some levels we can never nail down all of the components involved in loving another person. It can be frustrating and even...
We're all irrational at times...and yeah, as a woman I have no trouble saying that a lot of the time our moments of it are more obvious. It's just the frequency of these events that seems to be the...
That's definitely an important point to note...when those feelings are negative things can get very intense. I certainly have issues with anger and resentment but I never feel comfortable expressing...
Yeah, it may be a coincidence, but that's pretty cool. It's crazy how different planners can be, making people with a different style hard for other strong J types to make plans with. I can see why...
Haha, I do this as well. During a semester at school I always stay ahead, but let's say two weeks before something is due I will try to plan out when to work on it. However, I may set out a few hours...
You've got some really good points there. I tend to test fairly closely between T and F, whereas I alwaysss test hardcore J over P. I don't think I come off as cold towards many, because, as you...'"


2597: 'Poverty is a fact of life.  Sometimes it's the result of one's bad choices, other times it's the result of uncontrollable circumstances.
For me it depends on the type of authority.  There are two criteria that strongly influence my relationship with authority.  The first is whether the authorities have earned their power or whether...
Same for me.
I actually work at a bank and it seems like a lot of the tellers are college students rather then college graduates.  I also noticed a lot of people getting interviewed for a teller position.  It's...
Wouldn't it be Lucifer?  :proud:
Is hell as bad as the theists make it out to be?  Or is it more like as described in this youtube clip?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biSTNmBqK4k
@SolonsWarning  Congratulations for proving my point in regards to the meaningless of a low unemployment rate.     @MisterPerfect  You really should read an economics textbook.
Only the ones who are wealthy enough.  If you're poor or can't get affordable health insurance outside of your employer, guess what,  you're stuck working past retirement age.    Even if you're...
Why am I a callous person?  It's wrong to say wars are terrible?  Even if a war is necessary, it's still hell, especially for those who are on the front line.    As I said many times, wars are...
Unemployment figures can be skewed.  For instance, if someone is unemployed and has given up looking for a job, that person is no longer counted as unemployed.  Also, a person who only works 1 hour a...
If war is so good for the economy why would anyone have wanted WW2 to end?  Since Germany and Japan were already beaten, the U.S. could have gone on to fight the USSR to keep the war economy going....
Hopefully it won't be a Keynesian textbook.
5.  Again, it's not about liking the job.  It's about whether the job is actually productive or not.  Would you pay someone to protect your house again unicorns?  This is technically a job (he's...
1.  Besides a zombie invasion, you could also depopulate by forced sterilization and abortions.  Would you consider those methods to be good for the economy?  2.  Well, a zombie invasion might make...
Wouldn't vampires also rot as both zombies and vampires are technically corpses?  As far as needing brains, I thought zombies only eat brains because their zombie master tells them to do that.
I thought zombies don't age.  I mean, how could they when they're already dead?  The problems with vampires is being unable to go out in sunlight.
I read your summary, I just don't agree with it.  Wars only destroy the standard of living, they never improve it.  Can you point to one war that actually improved a country's standard of living...
Absolutely not!  How would destruction and carnage improve an economy?  If anything it would plunge the economy into a deep depression.  Wars destroy an economy, literally and figuratively. ...
Seeing as how you can't go for even one post without the insults, I'll stop and let you talk to yourself in your echo chamber.  Farewell.
See the above edited post, if you're interested.:rolleyes:
But do you think that was a fair criticism?      Actually you said neither in that specific post.  Reread your post again.    Pathetic.  You lobbing insults at me makes you childish, not...
Didn't Obama's supporters want universal healthcare instead of what the ACA offered with health exchanges?  Is it fair to criticize the ACA as Obama's attempt to socialize healthcare?    I'm...
I'm absolutely opposed to euthanizing a healthy animal.  Others have already given you a number of good suggestions as to places that will take care of him.  If you absolutely can't take care of him...
You should really do away with the insults.  They make you look all the less credible.  Nor should you make such petty assumptions about me.  If insults and hyperbole is all you have, you've already...
You're the one who thinks we can easily identify the terrorists from the peaceful ones.  Bear in mind no country is obligated to take in immigrants.  A lot of liberals found this out the hard way...
Let's do this as soon as the government can find telepaths to discern between the radicals and peaceful ones who are immune to being radicalized. Oh that's right, telepathy isn't real. Are you really...
The executive order bans immigration from seven nations.  It doesn't ban all Muslims (Unless you think all Muslims reside in these seven nations and all residents of these nations are all Muslims)....
Dismissing opposing views as stupid simply because they don't fit your narrative strikes me more as petulant than tolerant.  It's like person A saying I'm easy to get along with so long as I always...
Have you watched footage of Trump back in the 1980s and 1990s?    His criticism of the U.S. government's failure to make good trade deals is the same as it was decades ago.  It's no surprise I...
You think tolerant individuals freely insult people who have a differing opinion than their own?  You have very low standards then if you think this.      Or could it possibly be that people who...
I think you're forgetting that unlike the situation with Clinton and the DNC, Trump was nominated in spite of the RNC's preference to nominate a guy like Jeb or Cruz.  Even if the RNC's emails were...
Blatantly insulting people's intelligence is hardly a quality of being tolerant.  Yes, you can think I'm stupid but that doesn't make me stupid or proves you have a correct opinion.  Do you...
For someone who professes to be smart and tolerant you're failing to demonstrate either quality.  You're acting like an impudent child, not like a tolerant liberal.
I think it would depend mostly on the circumstances of how Germany would've won the war in the first place.  Are you assuming the U.S. never got involved in the European theater via lend lease or...
Are you this snarky because your candidate lost?  The concept of the left being tolerant must be lost on you.
Why ask a question if your mind is totally closed-off to any thought that is different than your own?  Or are you just trying to pass off your smugness as intellectual superiority?    If you wanted...
Speaking as an ISTJ who is very private about my feelings, my advice would be to help them get back into their daily routine and projects.  I find grieving to be a very individualistic process, and...
I think it really depends on the person.  A number of famous actors for instance were introverts.  Ultimately, if you have thick skin and can wear a mask so to speak, I would say yes.  If you find it...
Besides the unusual circumstances she was in, I find it somewhat difficult to type Elsa in part because the movie focused much more on Anna's POV than Elsa's.    With that said, I'm skeptical that...
I don't think there is anything wrong with choosing not to reproduce.  (I'm also someone who has no interest in being a parent).  However, your reasoning strikes me as a bit nihilistic.  Setting...
Yes, some of this does sound familiar to me.  When I get angry I become very impatient and I prefer to be alone until I had a chance to cool down and regain my composure.  As for acting like there...
Have you tried going through a temporary employment agency?  Doing temporary work would allow you tryout a variety of jobs without any expectation of a long-term commitment.  If you find a temporary...
I would say leadership style, amount of leadership experience and personality are greater factors than gender in regards to whether a person is a good or bad boss.  Currently I have both a male and...
Hello.  Not all degrees have the same value in terms of improving your market value as a job applicant, so accumulating degrees may not be worth your time/money.  I assume you want to work in the...
It's been a while since I did anything with FASFA, but doesn't FASFA ask you whether you can be claimed on your parents' tax returns?  If your parents are paying your living expenses you're still...
I'll be brutally honest with you. Majoring in a STEM field will help you repay your college debt by providing you with marketable skills that are in demand by private sector employers. Excluding...
Scholarships and grants are probably your best bet for getting money to attend college.    As for housing, you could save a lot of money if you could live at home with your parents or other...
Are you asking if it is possible or is it practical to do this?  You would have to check with the school(s) to see if it's possible.  Hypothetically, if you have the money, I don't see why they...
I think this is something you would have to check with each school on a individual basis.  Even if it is possible at a particular school, you may run into a myriad of obstacles such as classes not...
You probably can, seeing as it's your money and time you're spending.  I've never heard of anyone actually doing it.  If you really want to pursue multiple studies in college I suggest doing a double...'"


2617: 'One crucial quality - on top of the list tied with religion - is a strong capability for empathy. Ideally, sympathy would follow. Apart from that: Kind, caring, good with kids, lighthearted, humble,...
Good read. Especially the last part to which I can definitely relate.    Inappropriate choice of words. I didn't at all intend to call myself dead weight - simply refer to the fact that...
Thank you for your insight. You're right that I'm somewhat reliant on external validation. Luckily, I'm light-years of ahead of how I used to be in that area.  I've pretty much abandoned the idea...
Thank you all for your replies. Merely articulating this thread was therapeutic to me.    Thank you for sharing the detailed story. I can definitely relate to your ISTJ friend, although it seems...
Hi there! Long time no see. I've got something on my mind.  To give a brief intro to my background, Ix92ve had to deal with loneliness for a large part of my childhood, teens and early adulthood....
You need to define creative. If you say computer programming is hardly creative (by the broad definition of creating something new and valuable), you either speak from ignorance or have a very narrow...
Depends how you define computer programming. In its most condensed form, you're a mere code monkey that basically writes what you're told to. If you're simply implementing a design that's been...
I think this is a general problem, so I was thinking about posting it in a more general forum category, but I believe that the odds of understanding are larger with my fellow ISTJs :happy:  Please...
You're bored. If you're looking to confuse people, you're being successful. If you're looking for any input besides the obvious, I'm afraid you won't find it here.
I agree with @Super-Yoshi that creativity takes practice.   The most important part is starting and pushing yourself through it, cause it will not necessarily feel fruitful or comfortable - at...
Nope, experience tells me I can conquer anything if I put my mind to it. In the right mindset I'll learn a lot at a quite fast rate, but unfortunately, I only get into this mindset right before...
Actually just had a conversation about this very subject with my mother the other day. She's an ISTJ as well. You are very right that it's important, and sadly, it doesn't get the attention it...
Man, you remind me of the good ol' days, where I was an active member of gaming communities. My guess is that you aren't far off.
I don't know whether you're trolling or not, but you deserve bashing regardlessly.  You start out by saying The intention of this thread is not to offend anyone... and you proceed with a listing...
For quite some time now, my favorite's been Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. It's an awesome movie all over.
When browsing the other forums on PerC. The prejudice of others is something you can't control. If you can't control it, you shouldn't let it bother you, but labelling always has an effect - if even...
No, immature people do.
That's a limited view on ethos, and attributing the significance of ethos to sensing makes little sense. In rhetorics, ethos is an attribute determined by the audience, not the speaker. Aristotele...
Running/exercising improves my mood significantly, and being in a good mood naturally makes me more approachable and talkative. Endorphins may be the reason.
Answering from a personal perspective.  It's better to be confident because it makes hurdles in life seem much more approachable. Knowing things have worked out in the past strengthens my belief...
Thank you for your input!  Oh, I probably should've been more elaborate in my last point. I'd like to add that I'm very much the get-into-action kind of person, and spending too much time...
Hio!  I've scored ISTJ in most of the tests I've taken, but I'm a little unsure about the J/P, as I don't fit the ISTJ stereotype on several aspects. Besides, from the tests it looks like my...
Such a cheesy analogy.  Oprah WinfreycouldbeatupMichael Jacksonany time.Ikind ofwonderhowfarthisgoes :-)
When I'm at work, I usually become very focused on whatever task at hand. I talk less and care less about the world around me. If interrupted by humour or irrelevant chatting at this point, I can't...
I would say that :wink:   On topic: I'm genuinely sorry that I daydream at work when I'm with all you wonderful people. I just really feel the need to snap out of reality and place my head in the...
I hate nothing about myself. All I see is weaknesses that I either accept or can overcome through effort.  Hate is a very strong word - no one should ever hate themselves.
Largely agree with @Out0fAmmo. Personality type, of course, has nothing to do with it :wink:  It depends on the context. If you genuinely want my input - and not just my view to reinforce your own...
Whether it makes sense to write in a less correct manner really depends on the purpose of your message. For example, if you wish to communicate academically, you have to meet the academic standard....
My Danish grammar is excellent, my English less so. Always had a sense for spelling and language in general. I follow a few rules in Danish that've been shoved down my throat during primary school,...
My humour is very situational. Classical jokes rarely get me laughing for real. What cracks me up the most are mostly misunderstood situations in which the partakers didn't see it coming. Not really...
I mean that people put too much attention on the emotional part, getting a kick from the music and the environment itself. There's nothing wrong with worship, emotions and music in its essence, but...
You mention that you enjoy worship. So do I, but it's not the main emphasis in the place I go to. The main danger of many pentecostal churches is emotionalism - that part of the church service...
What do you see? A young gentleman.  Would you want to be friends with this person (aka yourself)? Yeah, if I had great taste. If I'm the 3rd person, I sure have great taste and can thus derive a...
This can really be solved in two easy steps:    Buy an amplifier and a nice set of stereo speakers.  Blast the building listening to Justin Bieber (or, perhaps, just your favorite music).  ...
Dafuq. If your only issue is of a minor detail as such shown in the picture, you really have nothing to complain about - and the problem isn't your nose, as many others have said.  I have seen lots...
I don't know of any such site, and you haven't listed many requirements. I presume putting your entries into categories would be nice - am I right?  On that basis I'd recommend Microsoft Excel if...
Persian: Can you read my reply again?  No matter how hard you want it to stop, posting how bad a person he is is not going to help an investigation. Are you aiming to help the victim or target the...
I understand this is a quite serious issue - and I believe what you're saying - but you haven't given much information. I sincerely hope you have more information on him and/or some kind of proof for...
As for software development, I need a clear idea of the end result, or I'll never get started. If I have an idea, I first make sure that it's realistic to fulfill. Once all of that is in place, I...
I am in no position to give professional, psychological advice, but I can speak a bit from experience.  Throughout school I have often been an odd one out. While not completely incapable of social...
You mention that you fear strangers will make fun of you. Maybe they will, maybe they won't. The truth is that some people will be demeaning to you - regardless of your position, your attitude, your...
It's half full.  Pessimism generally pisses me off, because it never contributes to a situation in a positive way. I'm all about the benefit of attitude and actions, and pessimism is not...
I'd be impressed if she did, because with my unapprochability, it takes determination. I would probably accept, but it also depends on the person and the situation.
Worked for 3 years as a technical consultant and currently studying for a BSc in Software Development.  I have always had a strong flair for technical constructions and a good analytical approach...
That every relationship should be long-term effective is the ideal condition, and of course it is not always possible. However, it is not impossible to start every relationship with this intend and...
I think I've answered this in some thread a long time ago, but I believe my opinion hasn't changed one bit. I still believe both are a bad thing and the potential loss far outweighs the momentary...
In fact, I tend to get easily distracted as well - if the information I'm reading doesn't interest me. If I can't spot the actual relevance of the stuff I'm reading, it always takes effort to stick...
I'm not in a relationship, but I'm generally against using the phrase I love you too early. Love is so much more than just being in love and in a relationship with someone - it's caring naturally...
Haha, I see what you mean. I find it unnecessary to ask for a lot of irrelevant details when there's one thing I need to know, but at the same time I do realize that this isn't well received for some...
I don't believe it's either right to completely give up on what works for yourself or live your life for your own good completely.  In my case, I think what will bring me contentment is once I...'"


2767: 'Thread derailment: successful. smh
As a 2, you don't speak for me and planetanarchy didn't demonize anyone.
Well? :tongue:
So I saw a thread that said this:    And what followed was a lot of people saying they had similar, negative experiences with ISTJs in relationships. I'm pretty good at failing relationships, but...
I'm ISTJ and I feel your pain. I wouldn't want to marry me either.
The same thing Freddie Gray did -- run.
Draumande Romvesen You can also report/flag his blog to whatever company hosts it. Every company has Terms of Service that all users must agree to in order to use their site. This creates a legal...
Based on your OP, it sounded like you want to have kids to avoid having an awkward conversation with third parties or being 'demonized' by your parents. To me, that isn't a serious/good reason to...
So someone you're texting does't want to make a baby with you. Is that... bad?
This:
This line made me think of this :happy:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19ZxJVnM5Gs  How'd the speech go Gossip Goat?
Maybe because the planning side in us makes us more conservative/pessimistic? I think stone100674's last paragraph says a lot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwS6Qn7hCcA
planetanarchy check out justcritic's sig :th_blush:  296266
planetanarchy This ^
Welcome.   I learned the hard way that lurkers are no joke.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ReBCuS4q4E  :tongue:
This really is the best way to handle these feelings but it doesn't come naturally to me either. I think whenever you're doing public speaking, try to remember the following.  1. You Are Your Own...
planetanarchy :tongue:
Anti-smoking it, pro-decriminalizing it.
Results I got from a masculinity/feminity test I found on this forum http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/485330-mbti-type-gender-roles-test.html  52.5 / 100 masculine points 62.281 / 100...
Like planetanarchy said, don't wait, do charm. What exactly are you going to ask in the song?
52.5 / 100 masculine points 62.281 / 100 feminine points 51.667 / 100 androgynous points  So I guess I'm the middle of the road between male, female, and neutral? :laughing:
planetanarchy
I picked history because it was the only subject that interested me enough not to fail/drop out. My future career hates my adolescent student self. :laughing:
Tee hee <3  http://media.tumblr.com/ab765c3b42d50fca27139223f71c2398/tumblr_inline_mgsgm43RJW1rw34ot.gif
I'll pay the Center for Disease Control or the National Institute of Health to do a study on me and the results will be published in a peer-reviewed scientific journal. ;)
Welcome.  I'm curious, what is a cis male... as opposed to a male?
True.
Welcome.   Gravity Falls >>>  :happy:
Seconded.
Thanks. :happy:
Well, I'm kind of a typing system n00b but from what I gather ISTJ is more about your cognitive aspect and enneagram is about your inner/emotional world, so it's hard for me to respond to your...
Thanks for the welcome, comrades. :happy:  baby blue me, what question is that?
You set the boundary, so stick with it. Be firm but clear that the door to her is open as long as she respects your boundaries, your wife, your marriage, and your wife's family. If you want her...
Hi everyone, I need to get my post count to 15 so I can post a URL in another thread so here I am. :tongue:
Welcome. :happy:'"


2773: 'I don't think anything about her is an ISTJ. Not a one.  She may show traits that people misconstrue as being ISTJ, but that's just because of whatever stresses she's under at those times.
I can identify with having a strange attraction to things far against my moral code.  What I know is that even those I sometimes like those things in my entertainment, I have no interest in those...
OMG YES. FREAKIN +1 on that jcal  I feel like I'm way WAY WAY more accepting of the possibility that I'm wrong or can't see something from a certain point of view than most are and yet I get called...
Well, it's often non-ISTJ women starting those threads.  I guess ISTJ women are generally less problematic for non-ISTJ guys?
Yeah, what I meant by really obvious is at least 100 times more obvious than saying good friend and brother  In fact, that's the opposite. If he objected at a time AFTER you said good friend or...
It's not just an issue for you, it's an issue I think many ISTJs have. And the reason we have it is just because of how our minds work. There is NOTHING wrong with needing more time to process...
If I'm reading this right, you are saying that you ARE open to having a relationship further than just great friends? In that case, even if you don't feel like you can directly say I want to have a...
I don't really know. Probably just around each other too much too soon? She was possibly just distracted(though I wouldn't put it this way) with life stuff since the whole trip was about helping her...
He definitely thinks of you as more than a friend and definitely quite likely as a love interest. I wouldn't say 100% for sure until he ACTUALLY says this though. If anything, I IMAGINE he's very...
I ABSOLUTELY agree with not forcing yourself to rush and making people wait. If they don't have the patience to let you gather your thoughts they might not be worth the time it takes to talk to them...
That is a gross exaggeration. Any human can understand any other human if both sides put in the work to do it. If they don't then yeah, they won't understand.   Saying an ISTX would never...
If he wasn't just having a bad day, explaining that clearly, like No I actually really want to know how you're doing and I'm prepared to listen to what you have to say seriously and won't get bored...
I don't think love language is so completely related to MBTI types in that way. Like I said, I actually like physical affection. Though I do agree with too much surface level instances of it being...
I wouldn't call that being a pseudo-ISTJ, just an INTJ with those particular qualities.
I definitely identify with having musical taste all over the place and even getting introduced to stuff through other forms of media, but overall I think my taste is a little more 4 if we're going...
A good reset, reboot, reevaluation is refreshing.
Well, it certainly went.  No problems or anything, but not much conversation outside of language questions of basic stuff. I feel like I really shouldn't have driven her from the viewpoint of...
I see, yeah I had a really hard time understanding exactly what the thread was about.  About the song, it's funny because the song is just about Hokkaido Japan as a place and has entire verses of...
Chuckle produced in record time even out of context. I believe the data shows this humor to be what could be classified as highly effective. Experience noted, enjoyed, filed. Thank you.
I dunno, I'm not into it at all.  I feel like Si tends to create artistic taste in ISTJ's that is completely relative to their experience growing up rather than anything else. I've never met an...
Too late, I already did and she said ok and not only that but she has to go today instead of Saturday which I'm perfectly fine with but yeah! :shocked:
Yeah, thanks. I helped her out today to get a look at the area she's thinking of moving to and although all i did was drive her there and back is was a pretty good day and I got super happy about it...
I just meant like, if their personality just constantly and unintentionally conflicts with mine often. Although, if it was intentional that would obviously be a red flag too lol  I see, thanks for...
islandlight  That sounds like the kind of reason I might give when I'M trying to lie my way out of something. Definitely seems like a bad sign to me.    To be honest, I'm not 100% sure yet, but...
Yeah, being an ISTJ, as much as that excited part is super loud right now, the more rational part isn't convinced yet. I talked with my roommate about it and we reached the conclusion that I need to...
I definitely concur on Ne for ISTJ's being a negative thing almost completely in my experience. I use it, for sure, but it always comes out naturally only when I'm really stressed out and can't...
I can't give any advice, unfortunately, but I can say that I also have difficulty getting a long with the ESTJ's I've met, so you're not alone in that. I'm actually interested to hear any...
So, I am sort of getting to know a girl one my own terms for the first time ever. By which I mean, I'm the one inviting her out, and I met her on my own rather than through friends who already knew...
Yeah I felt the exact same way reading that, niss  Thankfully it ended well lol
Curry is the ultimate in food delivery methods.
That is the worst thing about being the quiet one, when people decide to take that as being good manners or like self-control, or whatever other thing they want to reward you for when all you want is...
1. Please define empathy. From the Mirriam-Webster:  The action of understanding, being aware of, being sensitive to, and vicariously experiencing the feelings, thoughts, and experience of another...
I am sorry this is off-topic but your avatar is driving me INSANE right now. I looked at it for like 3 seconds and now it's become one of those unscratchable mental itches.
Nothing. It's pretty much just a normal day for me.  Maybe at the very most I'd like to have a nice dinner with a SO, but other than that I don't really want any kind of celebration and even when I...
If he can change at all it's going to take a very long time. I think he originally said 4 years on his own for really good reason. You will NOT be able to rush him to mature, and some aspects of...
OMG YES that ft. inconsistency absolutely KILLS ME. You said it in much more detail, but yeah, all of that that you said. lol
If it wasn't a breakup I'd actually appreciate such detail, but since it is, I agree it's probably too much. Especially if the ISTJ is in love with you
It does seem strange that a bunch of people have been banned all at once
I have literally only felt real, effortless(as in I wasn't specifically trying to understand or specifically trying to relate or empathize) empathy probably twice in my life.  Once was the...
You spend several hours maybe even spread over multiple days tagging all of your music. Adding album covers, fixing genre listings, improperly named tags etc.
If he's like me, he might be running away because he literally can't process anything anymore and just needs to shut off to regain energy to even be able to think or talk.     I get angry when...
Weekend   Thanks, for real. I think I knew that, but I've been resisting because in some ways, even though i'm afraid of mediocrity, another part is afraid of becoming something more, which is what...
I mean, there's some other people i talk to outside of this close circle that I definitely have deep talks with but it's like, to me, their problems are still their problems, not mine. So while...
How do I even do this? I mean, I'm living with what I would consider to be very supportive people even by most people's standards. At least I think so.     Again, I think I have this already but...
This is something I've definitely had an issue with for a long time now too. Not really sure how to deal with it either
I'm 3 years late to my own thread. Sorry, I think I just panicked and needed to say something, and it's kind of happening again. I forgot I even made this thread.     See, I feel like I am very...
No, Japanese can be spoken genderless unless you specifically point it out.
I mostly watch anime, read manga, play games(specifically character action games like DMC, MGR, Bayonetta, etc.). I haven't done it since I was a kid but I've always liked mountain biking and camping...
Personally I kind of hate that I am an ISTJ. Living with an ENTP I see the power of Ne Ti and with INFJ the power of Ni Fe and I just hate how selfish it makes me feel. I don't have self-discipline...
I have an INFP friend. She has been pretty strongly affected by her life experiences so she gets angry or upset somewhat easily and often with me(I think). I want to be her friend, and I know she...'"


2781: 'Wirt: ISTJ Greg: ENFP Beatrice: INTJ The Woodsman: ??? The Beast: ???
Have many of your lawyer peers gone into politics?
Making others mad at me by accident and by result alienating myself. Disappointing those who depend on me.  Oh, and scorpions. Most definitely scorpions.
http://youtu.be/6mfndf1fQe8  The History Channel used to have a show called History Rocks, where they had short montages of famous events from the late 1900s to period music. I thought it was an...
I think sweatshops have positive effects on the people working in them and the countries they're located in.  As awful as their conditions are, their almost always better than those of the local...
I don't have depression, so I can't answer for sure, but what he says to do is probably what's best. Just having someone there, to have the occasional conversation with or back me up, definitively...
Hi there, everyone. This really isn't my first time posting on Personality Cafe, but it's the first time I've posted in a few years. Since then I've lurked here some, but have put off actually...
High School Model United Nations Student Council Track
Nobody's taxes would get done.:tongue:
I usually use a pencil for little things, but for the more important thing I use pens. I am an avid collector of fancy pens.:tongue:  As for style, I always print. I grew up in the technology age...
In 8th grade, we had to do a huge project on the civil war and present it. We were given lessons, books, and any help from the teacher we needed. This went on for six weeks. On the day of...
Most Favorite: Math Least Favorite: English
I'm a huge politics junkie, or just news in general. I spend a great deal of time debating on the internet. I also like to study history in my time, mostly the 20th century.
Favorite: Cleaning the bathroom. The bathroom seem like a cozy, well lit room to me. It gets done fast. I also like the smell of the cleaning materials.  Least Favorite: Dusting. There's so much to...
I'm not actual frugal, but I am very financially responsible. I do not get into credit card debt, and a make sure I have money before I buy small items. If I do have extra money I tend to spend it,...
I've only has one take the test, but I'll take a shot at all three of them.  ESFP (Took the test.) INTJ ISTP
It's mainly male, but I think it's just the genre of music I listen to.
I like them both. They send of a vibe of responsibility, which is enough for me.
1. Do you remember the first impression when you first met them? (If you havenâ€™t met one : Would you want to meet one and Do you think you can get along with them?) Yes. They seem to be caring and...
This posses an interesting question. Do ISTJs often get pushed into leadership positions? To the onlooker, an ISTJ would look like a great leader. Responsible, loyal, hard working. But when someone...
I am stubborn. I can budge on things I don't care to budge on. (Which is a lot.) But if I don't want to do something, I won't do it.
I get along with leaders fine. I respect and need a hierarchy. The world wouldn't work without one.  Also, leaders tell me what I need to do. I tend to wander aimlessly without being told what to do....
I made an account, but it bored be. Most of the stuff I got was random or worthless. Also, porn stars stared following me. I deleted it.
I have heard that ISTJs are drawn to the military. I never thought about going because of the fact I might, uhh... die. I plan on going into banking. I don't know what position yet.
I can not pick up subtle hints. I just can't. I can read emotions about as well as a brick. Just tell me if there's a problem. Because eye movements aren't getting me anywhere.
I have a deep voice. Some people have actually mistaken me for an adult. I would not say I find voice a factor in attraction, but as I said in another thread, I don't like extremes.
I don't usually give out money. But if I started doing it regularly, even if the beggar is an a-hole, I would feel guilty not doing it.
I hope your relationship has improved.
No. I almost always follow the rules, and hardly ever disciplined outside of my home environment, because I do it on my own. So when I do, (About once a year, seriously.) I don't know how to handle...
I'm not one to open up, but I do have feelings. I am just one to feel VERY unconferable about letting others know what they are. He may want to know this is actually going somewhere, so sometime in...
Do glasses count as physical? I'm attracted to people who would fall under the meganekko* category, which covers some physical and personality features. I'm also not a fan of extremes. Not too fat,...
I sometimes get paranoid, but I don't care enough to find out what people are saying.
Every time I've broken a rule big enough to remember it was an accident. I WAS IN THE BATHROOM. DON'T PUNISH ME WITH THE REST OF MY TABLE. I CAN'T TALK IN CLASS WHEN I WAS IN THE FRIGGIN BATHROOM. My...
I don't think many ISTJs are partiers. I for one dislike them. They rely too much on socializing.
I'm not very good at art. If you follow stereotypes, the ISTJ would be horrible at art. But I think you are right when you say any type can be an artist. Most people don't fit the 16 molds exactly.
I have two friends. One is an INTJ, and one is an ESFP. Ever since I was younger, I hadn't liked making friends. The last time I made one was in 4th grade. Since then, I've been to introverted to try.
Skeptical ISTJ is skeptical.
Maybe it's an outside variable? Are her friends involved? She could be embarrassed to go out with you. (No offense intended.) I don't have enough information to make a good guess, but it's posable.
I like politics the best. But politics won't get me anywhere in the future. So I also study economics. I don't understand it as well as politics, but it's pretty cool.
First of all, She'll probably get over it. So it's not like you ruined her future. Find a way to convince yourself that it's okay. Announcing that you have feelings for someone on your blog isn't the...
I don't feel like I'm 'with' everyone else my age. I was always more mature. When they go home, they worry about Facebook. When I go home, I worry abut the political stability in 3rd world nations. I...
How far ahead do you set your clocks? I don't.  Which do you prefer digital, analog, or other   Analog  Military or Standard? Standard  Do you always have a watch/clock on you?
9:00. The hand pointing to the 12 looks slightly longer than the other. Also, the second hand is halfway between the 15 and 30 mark, but a bit over. I'd say 20 seconds to 25 seconds. There is no way...
That weird. Out of all the things I've been called, an over-analyzer has been the most brought up.
I wear pretty much any color as long as it isn't conspicuous. (No bright reds, yellows, light greens, ect.)
Alone, which I am in about 90% of my free time, I like to use the internet and watch TV. (Thank God for Hulu.) When it snows, I sit inside and watch it while drinking a hot drink. Oh, also I like...
Yes. But, also, I don't like others knowing what I think and how I feel.
It's mandatory to take two arts classes, and I dislike them.  I'm given repetitive work I don't learn anything from.  I go to a US public school, so I know I'm falling behind European and East...
I'm very good at it. The only time I have cried in public since I was 6 was at my grandmother's funeral, and then I only shed a few tears. I don't like it, though. But I don't like showing emotion...
Hello. I hope you have fun.'"


2783: 'Words have little meaning without actions.
I was curious how many members had two parents of the same MBTI type and what that was like for them growing up.
It seems like I am always posting this reference but it really explains this thoroughly...  Effective dominant Extraverted Intuitive types are comfortable glossing over facts and details as they...
There is a nice article here that describes the effect the inferior function has on a person. Much of what you posted is alluded to in the section on how inferior Si manifests in ENTP's and ENFP's. ...
The functions are what separates the Istp from the Istj, how can they not be considered?
Focusing on precision, details, etc. makes me want to scream, even though I'm good at that.   You're not an ISTJ...
Allowing someone other than myself to drive... and I hate driving.
Wow I should have read the thread date. Still the above is nice to keep in mind.
There is a problem here. In Socionics, you have to switch the j and the p for the introverted types. So an ISTJ in MBTI would be an SLI-ISTp.   Socionics Types: SLI-ISTp  That would make the...
Quotes from Dominant Te types regarding how inferior Fi affects them:  ESTJ: â€œI bounce from task to task with no results. I have internal arguments with myself, but I canâ€™t come to any conclusion.â€...
A ISTJ wants to be on time for an event because being punctual is one of their personal values (Fi). They will then create a procedure or system to follow to ensure that they will arrive on time...
The Te/Fi axis attitude is, What do you (I) want (Fi) and how can we (I) get it (Te)?  Introverted Feeling (Fi) is a function that deals with the personx92s own individual feelings and beliefs. Fi...
I dislike driving.
For me Ne is paralyzing. I have found in my case that too many possibilities is a bad thing.
I am probably to solitary to have an ideal partner. I am content with solitude. 5w6 SP
This always has and still does sound irrational to me.
Understanding the dominant and inferior function can help you find out what your type is.   Your inferior function will produce certain manifestations when you are under stress.  ISXJ have...
I do this all the time. I hate waiting for someone when we agreed beforehand to leave at a certain time.  :angry:
Chess ranks #1 in my favorite games list.
Playing a computer turn based strategy game with an ENTP friend is irritating. We have never finished one game! He always wants to start over and try different combinations and strategies. :angry:
5w6, 2nd of 3.
What are traits and things that make you feel more comfortable around someone?  I like being around other people who have it together and are not a walking train wreck. To be honest,...
I have found it helpful when typing to refer to the inferior function which manifests during stress.   ISTJs have inferior Ne which leads to the following behaviors:  â€¢ Loss of control over facts...
1. What kinds of colors do you like? Bright, muted, warm, cool, vibrant, neutrals ?  I wear all colors. The colors depend on the style (casual, semi-formal, formal etc.).  2. What about patterns?...
5 - 1 - 3 : Exacting, Methodical and Organized  314265
I would like to suggest that the thread Type Five Compatibility be stickied in the Type 5 sub forum. This thread is stickied in all the other enneagram sub forums.
Portrait of an ISTJ  This is the page that got me in to MBTI and how I found out I was an ISTJ. I don't know about others but nearly everything fits.  A few excerpts:   ISTJs are quiet and...
Tested as an ENFP. I typed her as an ENFJ. No question an ENFX.
I enjoy creating digital art. I am more technical than creative though.   I post some of my work online: GBREAL (Gregory Betsey) - DeviantArt
Link: Socionics - the16types.info - MBTI: Form of the Inferior Function  I believe understanding how the dominant and inferior functions manifest is very helpful/important when trying to type...
ISTJ have inferior Ne which manifests in particular ways. The link below shows how each inferior function manifests.   Socionics - the16types.info - MBTI: Form of the Inferior Function  This can...
They have never seen it.
This is the key for me and one of my reservations about the whole idea.    Based on my interactions with this INFP, the differences between the way we view things are as clear as night and day.  ...
... you are listing your interests in your personalitycafe profile and then when you've finished your list you go back and re-list them in alphabetical order... :dry:  P.S. I just did this today....
I, a ISTJ artist was thinking about creating a piece of artwork to give to a INFP friend of mine. Would a INFP like this sort of thing?
I don't relate to Si being impressionistic. Like Morphyous stated when looking an object I am more inclined to focus on the individual details.
You can't be serious... :dry:
I would choose to be what I am: ISTJ.
I forgot(!) to include:  Psychology  MBTI Enneagram Oldhams Personality Styles
Chess Digital Art  Music Production  Research  History
You can't get any more ISTJ than a checklist. :happy:
Interestingly, I don't know any confirmed Ni dominant or auxiliary users. However, there are several Ne users I know well.'"


2792: 'The Brothers Karamazov and Notes from the Underground are my favorites when it comes to fiction. Philosophically, The Sickness unto Death is currently making a strong case for my favorite but...
Rave: FWS got me work with the history department at my school, which in turn has given me access to a ton of primary documents of debates within Latin American Roman Catholicism.  Interestingly...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWGZdYNpaSo
1. The Beatles 2. Paul McCartney and Wings  3. George Harrison 4. Green Day 5. The Band 6. Electric Light Orchestra  7. Coldplay 8. Billy Joel 9. Queen 10. El Gran Combo
I've had this album stuck in my head.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmGLenbaSbg&list=UUxcE1Ua2fpPMlwaFT1iBj8A
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfTrthOpKCA
Rant: According to my English teacher, minorities shouldn't be Republicans because of racism.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjI7VeIA7ZI
But the story of these years deserves to be told, if only for the spectacle it affords us of a democracy passing from introspection to what looks very like nervous breakdown. - George Dangerfield...
Sidetracker and internet researcher.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bylj_hZPv-8
Good. Very good.   My contribution to the thread: You doubt you're an ISTJ when your conversations seem to have no logical progression.
I was summoned?      Interesting, very interesting.
This one is a riot.  81636
Never think you're special, because you're not. There is always someone slightly better than you and you are always replaceable. -My APUSH teacher when asked why he was retiring a year early.
79262
Yep. Although, in my family I usually hear it to mean crackers.
Yes.
What gave you that clue? I thought I was hiding it pretty well.
Sure thing. Please allow three to five years for processing your order. We will then forget about your order for a decade or so before shipping it to you. Please allows six to seven years for...
I'll provide the ammo if I can take over.
God bless you then.
People say I flirt but I don't understand why they think that.
Rant: A student walked through school wearing a communist beret.   Rave: Annoyed him by shouting Viva Franco.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XxYwWg7F8I
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2i9iTYe6tEk
Scored a 17.
This is not enough. You must stand trial for your offenses.
Popcorn, peanuts, crackerjack.
Olympics
Eh. Me and my older brother had a machete fight. Don't worry, only minor cuts and bleeding.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_qS-vzS-P0
Military Service
Hamburgers
^I support the army. I consider state soldiers as heroes who need to be paid more to defend the nation.   Measures need to be taken to prepare for a cold war with China.
Sugar Fields
I tried to use a planner once for school, but I ended up burning it.
Florida
Federalist Industrialist Mercantilism
The superpowers often behave like two heavily armed blind men feeling their way around a room, each believing himself in mortal peril from the other, whom he assumes to have perfect vision... Of...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mS9U75YC-jA
What is YOLO?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&v=vZ9myHhpS9s&feature=fvwp
D-Day - June 6, 1944 - the United States Army
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUOPvtVZwo8&feature=related
Try it. It is mostly small stuff but some of it is interesting. For example, in school, we are told that we declared war on Spain on the 21st of April. That is what is on the paper, only that this...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kuv1Mt6kMOU  Please ignore the writing at the top.
Torture is more than acceptable for the state.
Depends. Physically or philosphically?   Of course I do! It is Saturday as of June 4th.   i Know right. So long as meaning conveyed than grammar no need.   I would tell you but I seem to...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEQDllvuy1I'"


2802: 'I don't like arguing with people because it seems pointless to me. I try to solve the issue as soon as possible and just move on and not waste any time. I also HATE postponing things when it comes to...
If you haven't watched Deadwood yet, hahaha.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBMsXcSTi4s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJzNUydlQ4I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E84VqqCPI7w
Upholder.   Proud of myself.
Thank you for your response as always ma'am.   I will definitely contribute more to conversations, and ask for her input about things and opinions regarding current events for example. We both have...
Thank you for your informative response!   I will definitely heed your advice and I will try to come up with some interesting and good questions and I will try to hold an interesting conversation...
I would really appreciate anything. Also, I forgot to add that I offered to have coffee at Starbucks on campus after class. We will meet, but I don't know what to say.
Hello there,  This is my first time posting in the ENFP Forum, but I'd like to ask all of you for your advice and feedback.   I'm an ISTJ male. I'm 20 years old, attending college and... that's...
Hello there and welcome. I know this might sound as random or unusual, but did you spell-check your post before posting it? I noticed a lot of randomness in your posts, and you use a lot of...
I really don't know, but I think I have a weird sense of humor, or a dark one. I remember when I went to the movies to watch Jurassic, and there was a scene where a fat person was running, and the...
Thanks... I guess.
Not really a fond of taking selfies, and I do not have a lot of pictures of myself, but here are a couple of pictures:   In the car, awkwardly taking a picture of myself:   376018  And here's a...
This.  No comment.
^ This. Lol.
Exactly. You should hold your self responsible and take other factors into account, and not be so selfish. And assessment is critical as my fellow colleague have stated.
Well the sign states STOP, there is no other text stating SLOW DOWN IF NO CARS ARE COMING. Therefore by law, you're required to make a full stop. You should do so even if you're in the middle of...
* Random careless driver who does not follow the law comes to a stop sign, doesn't stop but slow down and drive off...*  Me: *whilst being furious in my car* IT SAYS STOP NOT SLOW DOWN YOU...
Well said brother.
As the poster above have mentioned, I'm also anti-smoking marijuana and in general as well. I also am against legalizing marijuana, and I think things are better off just the way they are right now,...
Well, I skimmed your post and my advice is do what you want to do in life. Life is short, and you just have to do what you enjoy doing in life. Do you want to live the rest of your life miserable...
To me, he respects time and does not make any bullshit excuses just to NOT be on time. I find this as a normal and well behavior.  But that's just me....
I can never tolerate people who are late. It just shows that they're irresponsible and rude.   Man, if know you're going to be late, for let's say a morning meeting, then wake up early and judge...
Well.... If for example, you send me a message in Facebook, asking me for my opinion or about a song or whatever, and I've read the message and did not respond, then there are two explanations for...
I'm an ISTJ, but most of what the ESTJ's implied in this thread, seems to applicable to me as well.   I dislike people who are emotional most of the time. I do not have a problem with them,...
If I were you, I would just say Screw you guys, I'm going home.  Seriously though, just don't give it too much attention. These type of people aren't worth taking them seriously, it's like...
Well.... I try to appear calm and confident and try NOT to break down in front of anyone. But if something really saddens me, like a close family member passes away, I'm initially shocked, and I'll...
I'm serious most of the time. It's just me, I mean... my friends, siblings, colleagues often see me too serious. I sometimes don't notice how serious I am to be honest, when they say that I'm too...
Never drank, never will.   I prefer staying sober so I do not make a mistake that I will regret for the rest of my life. Being drunk is just bad and it misrepresents you, and your family. That's...
Yes, I was being serious Hisham. You're right, we all have different senses of humor, and what you see acceptable might not be so much to me. That's why I like this forums and that's why I...
Yeah, I already did read the first paragraph of your post, but I stopped there. I know you didn't mean it, and it was all for attention, I'm just giving my honest opinion of your thread overall. I...
Can't believe you actually wrote that as the title of your thread. Even if you aren't going to kill your parents and you were just joking about it, just speaks about your attitude, especially...
My recent interesting, vague, dream was me being in uniform, employed as a Law Enforcement Officer.  I don't know where was I, but I was on foot and it was daylight. I confronted a suspicious...
ISTJ - Law Enforcement Officer.   My goal in life is to ensure law, order and stability. I follow all the rules, and I expect everyone else to stay in line and follow the rules as well. I believe...
Roger that.  Thank you.
Trying to get 15 posts or above to PM a fellow member on this forums. I'm trying to familiarize myself by navigating through this forums.
I'm doing good so far. I will try my best to keep my day wonderful and meaningful.
I'm thinking of how to make society a safer and stable place. I want law and order, and I can't tolerate chaos or mayhem for whatever reason. Rules are rules, I follow them and all others should...
Congratulations.
Hello sir,  I was just speaking out of experience from being on other forums where there weren't much advertisements. Oh, and if it's illegal then it's illegal, no way around that,. We can't...
I'm new to this forums, but I can't disagree with my fellow ISTJ colleague 007phantom. You're totally right in your posts, and I'm in the same situation as you are. I'm trying to PM you something,...
Welcome.
Thank you for welcoming me on this forums.   Have a good day sir.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Hello personalitycafe community:  I'm a newly registered user on this forum, and this forum caught my attention because of the valuable information presented. I'm an ISTJ personality type male, and...'"


2957: 'Loyalty is a better word, yes. That doesn't require me to feel anything. Sentimentality would mean I have to feel something and again, I'm usually detached, so no.     I can totally get behind...
What does it look like when you bring out that Fi side of ISTJs?  Anyway, I'm not particularly sentimental, no. It's very rare that I get feelings like that. I'm detached by default and I don't...
Why is it so short, do you not try to keep up the convo?  But yes, if he initiates everyday with you and not typically with others that does definitely mean something.
Haha you've said everything I could have said about ESTPs vs myself. :p
:laughing:  Btw I was busy with life, that was part of why I disappeared.   Wow, 3 years of trying to find type, ok, that's serious. Glad if my suggestion helped. :)   What you write about Fe...
Is that inferior Se?  I don't relate to this, I have fine focus always. I do sometimes get stuck in my head but easily get out of it whenever needed.
Simplicity: yes and no. Yes, in terms of not overcomplicating things by speculation or overworrying things with whatif's but simply seeing what needs to be done and achieving that. No, in terms of...
Actually I hear from everyone that their ISTJs friends/family members/etc procrastinate on some stuff.   Is xNFP an uncommon type for an ISTJ to be friends with? I noticed I do have trouble...
Oh I don't know if you again downplayed the intuition when going through the Ni descriptions as here you sound like weak sensing again.   I don't think I can give more input here as your...
No worries. I don't see why you would agree with strong Fe if you underline things like showing care through actions and don't underline things like compromising in the Fe way and make others feel...
OK, this and the other posts you've made now show low Ne, I agree with Kitty23.  I would say you're either an ISFP who's a bit too in their head and possibly an enneagram 4 to account for the...
Hm this is weird to me. You are basically saying you are good at finding an interesting topic, generate ideas, create a parody of it, all of it real quick and nice, so this sounds like your strength;...
OK, I'll be curious to see where that gets you.  I think you didn't see this question of mine - how well do you understand Ne? Do you only have trouble with understanding Ni?
Ah, sure, I'm much better off writing than speaking. At least, if I have to speak about my thoughts at length, I'll have to go into my head a lot to pull my thoughts together and put them into words...
What sort of cool? I do care about some cool things in a material sense. I don't seek popularity however if that's what's meant by it.
Yeah it would be weird to just declare I'm so cool and interesting!. I can handle compliments by just saying an automatic thanks and adding an equally automatic smile. But I can't say I feel very...
I wouldn't know how to answer that, that's not something I focus on by default. For example, if you were asking me what cool achievements I've done so far, I'd be able to answer that but not this...
Sounds Fi > Fe because you look at people as individuals over the group harmony. You would be strong in both Fi and Fe but preferring Fi. Not sure why Kitty23 thinks this is aux Fe. Everywhere I read...
:laughing:     I see inferior Ti was already discussed... But I was more thinking about inferior Te. Do you relate to this? How Te Acts in all 4 Positions - Funky MBTI in Fiction
Haha that sounds funny about the video game. I don't have anything going on in my head when in general moving incl. driving. I just constantly scan like you but I don't perceive that as being in my...
Well, how did you see this in your twenties?     That's cool.
Nah, I would see through it. It happened before that someone tried to use excessive flattery on me or they just wanted me to do things and they themselves hardly bothered. I don't let myself be taken...
oblivion7 Not to worry, you haven't faded into oblivion :D So, I'd like to hear more on how you treat logic/logical facts and reasoning, Ti, Te, to see if that's more likely your inferior or Se...
OK, how does Se see the pond?     Yeah, it's pretty concrete and logical. When I say concrete, I mean literal; it's somewhat abstract in the sense of being an overall framework in the mind and...
Looking at the test Kitty23 linked out of curiosity..  Question 14 seems Ti with Ne, rather than just Ti, with the word games and riddles part. (14. I am energized by wit, word games, puzzles,...
Hmm well if you aren't even comfortable in your body that's a strong cue for Intuition.
OK you asked, what I will recall is a specific picture of the object but I often don't know where I saw it or if I even saw it. (Sometimes I do know where I saw it.) It does look very realistic...
How I see it; if she doesn't care about you, if you are not the first for her too, then she's not the one for you. For me that's part of the criteria; I won't take anything seriously until there is...
Sounds cool. What is parasite psychology? Did she have to pay for the initial college correspondence courses that the parents didn't know about?
With the attitude you have here, I don't find it likely this will work out again with you two. My POV, anyway.
Lol uh, my idea is most decidedly *not* watching netflix until things break down. That's not at all what I meant by learning about relationships and people. I meant active learning from experience....
My current suggestion is try on Fi-dom for a while and see if that works... if it does, great, if not, you'll still have learned something about yourself. And continue investigating then.  I say...
Wouldn't know if this is enneagram or...?     Doesn't sound like this is typical for you though if taking into account all the other (N-ish) statements about you.
Np :)  No, enneagram and MBTI don't have such a direct connection.  You could certainly be an ambiverted INFP sx-first too, you could look at MBTI Step II too if you want more help with...
If you only thought of it because you forced yourself, I don't think that really counts.     What makes you think it's an introverted perception?  And was this forced too... For your typing,...
OK I don't really have questions left at this moment. Thanks for all the help to everyone; and of course if anyone still has any comments, I'm glad to hear them.
Lol, is it typical of my type, how?
Well, all I can say at this point is, with you definitely sounding like IxFx, investigate Fi vs Fe.     Hmm that sounds like some Si/Te problem actually for the latter one. The former sounds...
You must be mixing me up with someone else. I never typed as ISTP. I do have a typing thread but ISTP was not specifically discussed as an option.  Now, to be quite honest, I don't like how you...
I don't see those as specific enough to functions. Any individual may care about these things.
Np :)     Do you relate specifically to Fi and Ne?  I'm pretty sure you are sx-first though.
You mean in a test or you mean this is the type you picked in Socionics?
I myself do have a problem with the idea of marriage as a forced symbol of things. I don't at all have a problem with the practical side of it or with the commitment.     Cool :)
Ah, so they type themselves ISTJ in MBTI and ISTj in Socionics?
OK so if this helps you somehow.. I don't mind. I've been typed ISTJ and I find it working.  I find the following questions too speculative or just plain random or pointless because nothing will be...
ENFP?  You seem real random and that is before I even read your answers. And a lot of Feeling values.  Sx-dom for your instinct, no question.
Oh heh :)  I'm not too used to seeing or hearing about people similar to me, this forum is cool.     That sounds good too.
You sound S to me from this. Strong Ni would be not this poor at connecting similar ideas, let alone strong Ne. Fi vaguely makes sense too. I'll stick to the ISFP typing.
Hm, what I see is, I observe the whole scene in one, with a sort of structure imposed over, then after orienting myself via that (very very quickly), I look at the objects inside it, a cursory glance...
OK. What is your point? This was already quoted in the thread btw.'"


2986: 'Hello all,  For the longest time, I've always identified with ISTJ. I'd say I'm 85% sure of that. Recently, I was reminded that a lot more people are extroverts than they would like to admit. On...
What if he's an INTJ who is stuck in an Ni-Fi DomTert loop? That would explain the lack of Te. Plus, I don't personally see him as using much Fe, but moreso Fi.
I personally have never seen Harry Potter. How would you describe an INTJ 4w5, possibly stuck in a DomTert loop? How would they act, think, what would be their motivations, etc?
I suppose I will, but I'd like to get some feedback first so I can decide for myself whether this combination is plausible for this character. I know that if I reveal who the character is from the...
There's a certain TV show character that I have been trying to type and no matter what I guessed or what other people guessed, it never seemed right. I am purposely not mentioning who the character...
There's a certain TV show character that I have been trying to type and no matter what I guessed or what other people guessed, it never seemed right. This character is definitely a 4w5, that's a no...
I would've thought he was Fi-dom. Anyone care to prove me wrong?
5w4-9w8-3w4 so/sp :)
Sx/So
ISTJ 6w5[-1w9-4w5-]
Hey, guys!  So, I have a short list of enneagram tritypes for you here, all of which are real types of people I know. I have already figured out the MBTI of some of these, but would like a second,...
Hey, guys!  So, I have a short list of enneagram tritypes for you here, all of which are real types of people I know. I have already figured out the MBTI of some of these, but would like a second,...
1  The duty of youth is to challenge corruption. -Kurt Cobain
I also know a depressed INFJ and another who's just pretty sad. Also a depressed INTJ. I am an ISFJ and am also sad more often than the average person. The only ENTP I know is probably that happiest...
1w2 sp/sx
1w2 sx/so
That's definitely understandable. I hope you figure out your type soon. I personally think enneagram is a great way to understand yourself more and learn from your less favorable traits.
3w2 Sx/So
1w2 Sx/Sp
9w8 Sx/So
5w6 Sp/So
2w3 Sx/Sp
I'd go with 4 (more likely to be -N--), 5 (More likely to be -NT-), or 7 (More likely to be ---P). These are more likely to be an ISFJ's wing, if anything, but I'd say they're pretty unlikely as a...
*Looks back at the description because I did not see that question coming* XD  I actually don't see much of myself in her. Keep in mind though that MBTI leaves A LOT of room for variety within one...
I definitely identify more with my enneagram, 6w5. I tend to break a lot of the ISFJ stereotypes because I behave less like an ISFJ than I think like them. My 6w5 tendencies control most of me.
I don't know about other ISFJs (I'm only aware of one other, my mother), but I am a very stoic ISFJ. It's something that is always pointed out by others when the conversation of stoicism comes up. I...
I'm not so great at identifying functions, and I apologize for my lack of insight, but I do believe that you have a strong Si function. I hope that helps.
If anything, I'd say the second one is more likely to be an ENFJ, although I could also see her as an ENTJ. Your first friend seems more of an IxxJ to me. (You could figure out the rest, you know...
2w1 Sx/Sp
5w4 So/Sx
1w9 So/Sp
1w9 So/Sx
Thanks for not cooperating with typing his possible type after he didn't cooperate with mine, although I figure it wasn't FOR me. But nice job.  Umm.. 3w2 So/Sx
6w7 So/Sp
2w3 Sx/So
I don't know, your avatar pic looks very self-assured. I also went through the types in my head and tried to picture your avatar as each of them. I could imagine it as each of them, at least a little...
6
Least likely 6w7
And what if someone is an so/sp 6? What then?
I am an ISFJ and I got Baboon.  Aah, the lighter side of the animal kingdom. It takes brains to be quick witted and amusing and the baboon has plenty of them. But, these are also affectionate...
1. End up in prison      Any type. 2. End up killed in the battle for mastery      Probably an Eight. 3. Psychologically buckle after years of abuse, potentially after imprisonment and/or...
My mother said something along the lines of Why would you do this??? while hysterically crying. That still haunts me.  I am and ISFJ, 6w5 and I believe that she is also an ISFJ, and I think she...
As a 614, I couldn't have said it better myself, and thank you for the tritype appreciation.
Who would flirt with an INTP? Conversations with you guys are too much work for it to be worth it. :P
I actually see you as an ENFP.. I could be wrong though.
I found you to be an INFP even before I got to question #4. So, pretty sure about that.
To be honest, you sound like an ISFP to me, and your functions can correlate to that as well. I'm not sure why you don't see yourself as fitting that type. Maybe try reading up on that type from...
I'd say INFJ.
Maybe he does, but a certain someone I see above me has a slight problem focusing on reality, am I right?
I didn't know INFPs had it in them to criticize...'"


3046: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCdoXtp7qsI
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXiusuNzX8c
6w5
I have been stuck in a rut for awhile with this looming over me, I am in school for 3D Graphic Modeling and Animation, but I don't feel like I am cut out for it. My brain is not that ''Creative'' and...
I guess this rant will be about myself. I have been in college now for about 4 years working on my 3D Modeling and animation degree. I enjoy the classes and want to do it for a living, but one thing...
Dexter or House MD.
Another more recent picture. I was at a medieval fair. 80463
The real question should be, what is IN the container, like poison?
My emotions usually show for an unknown reason and it weirds me out. Like say, I will erhm ''Cry'' sometimes for no reason, but then I won't cry when everyone else would be.... Emotions y I no...
This way of thinking is associated with the Temporal Lobe, which is home to our sense of consciousness.  You donâ€™t have to write things down! Your ability to recall events  and information from your...
Pepper Jack
Here I was thinking my life was complicated...
I would say I give them more of my attention than anyone else. Which usually results in conversation or weird staring/look away moments. If I spark a conversation with said person and they turn out...
Character Strength # 1       Judgment Thinking things  through and examining them from all sides are important aspects of who  you are. You do not jump to conclusions, and you rely only on solid ...
When I had my Break-up I analyzed EVERYTHING. From conversations,body movement,feelings,environment,tone of voice,time spent together throughout the day,activities we did. That drove me crazy for...
I do this and then some because of my 6w5ness, I drive myself crazy at times trying to form situations and trying to assume what they are going to do to ''Prepare'' myself.
I just act like an ass/VERY cynical and people think it is funny... *Shrugs*
Your Scores        3Expressing Regret  6Accept Responsibility  4Make Restitution  7Genuinely Repent  0Request Forgiveness                                         Genuinely Repent  ...
Leo Sun Sign - Zodiac Signs - Astrology.com
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aF9AJm0RFc
I guess I could chime in on this (Obviously not a female or maybe after reading my reasons I might be held to the standards of one.), seem interesting and I feel my 'emotions'' could be displayed for...
I get plastered with emotional distress ALL the time from people. I swear I should be a therapist or something. Everyone comes to me with their broken and displaced lives and I just sit there blankly...
https://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/302334_4524601520155_483292689_n.jpg My 2 friends and I, I am in the middle.
I remember always wanting to be a police officer when I was a kid, now I see police/people in power as a threat. They follow immoral orders just for the sake of keep their job or staying high on the...
I guess this is going to be a comparison on why I like each genre and songs to go with that fit the respected genre. Each one has a special place in my cold heart and I am happy I am one of the...
For me, sit me down and TELL me what you are going to do/change about yourself and where you think you went wrong. Be serious and detailed. Things like this are hard to deal with and do take time if...
I usually learn best by having something shown to me EVERY Step-By-Step, then doing it myself with the person who did the example next to me if I have to ask him 3000 questions. It might take me...
Exactly how CataclysmSolace, described it, I also tend to very sarcastic and try to tear down their hold over me and turn it on them and make them look weak in comparison for attacking me.
ISTJ, 5w6.
Why do you want to know/care? Seems intrusive.
Just try to be direct and clear, also, do not FORCE us into the conversation like, ''You NEED to sit down and talk to me.'' That feels pressuring and is annoying. Also, like others have said get to...
The joy of going to class at 5:30 pm and having one of your class mates try to be a dictator in a class that revolves around a group project. I am sorry other student, but I am not going to sit back...
You technically were ranting in sentences placed in a bullet format.
Cognitive Process Level of Development (Preference, Skill and Frequency of Use)   extraverted Sensing (Se)  ********************  (20) limited use   introverted Sensing (Si)
There's an evolutionary imperative why we give a crap about our family  and friends.  And there's an evolutionary imperative why we don't give a  crap about anybody else.  If we loved all people...
*Ahem* I might sound harsh saying this, but, I understand everyone has issues and whatnot. This is a Type forum not a therapy session, if you need help for something like this I would suggest calling...
Can you send a link to it, the picture is too small to read anything, even when enhanced.
I have noticed recently that my views on many things have changed.  1) My trust of the American government has gone to well bellow 0%, all I can think of is them doing sneaky things in the...
Sexual  




  46%    Social  




  42%
*Emotional Mode On* My Ex I loved VERY much and I had a very good understanding of her and it crushed me when she left me for someone else/cheated. In all honesty It doesn't matter how much you knew...
My girlfriend is an INTJ and she just now actually presented me with this.   ''Let's just say that we're different because I'm more willing to take  emotional and physical risks than you are....
Depends on the person and how it ended, I had a break up a year ago, Monday. I still feel the hurt and what not at times. I did drop ALL contact when it officially ended though.
So you are still pining after this girl for about 3 years basically?
Cautious   http://mgsrvr.com/d9c465ec54c1c86df2ce11501edc5010.gif    Cautious, calculating, contemplative, and  careful. This person likes for things to make sense and to...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgx3sp_hTJw
I am VERY nostalgic, sometimes it's good other times it leads to past pain coming back.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHvojSdiVG8
Since Thanksgiving is upon us, how do you guys handle the people?  - Do you just nod an agree with everyone just to get them off your back?  - Do you enjoy seeing the extended family?  - Does...
Citizens from 20 states have filed to secede from the United States - Dallas downtown | Examiner.com
Congressional Reform Act of 2012 | Petition2Congress  Just trying to get this around, hopefully it will do something. Might as well give it a shot if you care, if not, please don't complain.'"


3104: 'Metasentient  This was something I never got past in therapy. I agree with you and I can honest to god see this mindset manifested in my actions, however, I don't see the other way. I guess that in...
I need to do this, so here it goes.  Since last november, I've seen myself increasingly distant from everyone and unmotivated. I used to have a regular scheduled at the gym and was pretty happy...
I have to admit that I haven't done this in a good while.  I feel lonely and tired. I just need to talk for a bit. I kind of want to complain, I need to complain about something, about anything!...
Yeah, this typing is ages old.  Enneagram, however, is 3w4 - 6w5 - 9w1.
Is this still going?  Anyway, a small description:  First and foremost, I'm fixated in learning new things and focusing on optimization of processes. I'm easy going, laid back and accepting - I'm...
I have had this dream once where I dreamt I was in a car with Bart Simpson and Mr. Burns.  I was in the backseat, but somehow, no one was driving, as the car was remote controlled. It (the...
After one week, I feel like things are much more bearable now!  (Of course, this still is a WIP, but it's nice nevertheless)  I'm being much more capable at putting my self defeating behavior...
WinterFox and spylass  Both replies are great and new to me! I've never stopped to think that maybe I could look for solutions instead of focusing solely on the problem. That is something to keep...
Alright, let me just start this with one very important statement: I do not intend my following words to sound too grave. This is more of a Help me get through this weirdness and move on sort of...
As a pharmacist, the following really annoys me:  Oh, it's natural, so it doesn't have any side effects or cause any harm  (Fucking tornadoes are natural, too.)
Wow, it's been a while since I last posted here.  Okay. I've beaten Dark Souls, a game that I've been trying to beat for the last two or three months. I'm proud of myself. I'm considering to return...
(Before even answering my questions, I'd like to bring forth the possible suggestion that the ways a enneatype deceive themselves are likely to be related to the given type defense mechanism....
I'm so restless I want to roll around the house doing cartwheels for no reason at all.  I also want to resume meditation, fix my love life and get called to work for the the job I've applied for...
I get your point. Being out there doesn't mean being always vulnerable. But I feel that being out there makes me have to be more exposing of who I am, and that may compromise the parts I'm not so...
It's nice to know I'm not the only one. :proud:  Yesterday I saw BrenÃ© Brown's Vulnerability TED speech. I was moved, but uncertain, you know? It makes perfect sense, but it all comes to the leap...
I'm a risk adverse boring person that hides his wounds and vulnerabilities to avoid standing out and being hurt.  Hiding my wounds and vulnerabilities doesn't help them get healed. Hiding myself...
And, uh, what happens when you're a 639?
Male 6w7 (Or possibly 9w1) 6w7 - 3w4 - 9w1 : The Mediator So/Sp ISTJ White, Green and Bordeaux Penguins, Squirrels, Wolves, Ants and Hen.
It kind of depends on the setting we're in.  I'd pick a map, a knife and a bottle.
CSM,  So you're becoming the Enhance image zoom CSI dude? Neat!  --  Ever since I've started working, I haven't had the time to delve inside and see how I'm actually doing. I don't know if I...
I'm trying to give some sort of reply, but gosh, this is very hard to answer.  The closest I got to the example was that my value is Cooperativeness, but in truth, I'm not willfully cooperative,...
Let's have no plans for this!
Conspiracy theorists should stop looking too hard.
9w1, because some indolence and optimism are nice.
Rant: Screwing up a lot at work. I don't like being new to something, but it's part of the process of learning something new.  Rant..ave? (Kind of both, mixed, you know?): Nothing brings down my...
Type 6: I don't know what's coming for me. Better keep on the lookout.
Rave: I'm faring surprisingly well at a drugstore. Many responsabilities, sure, but it's quite fun.  It kind of makes me want to give the middle finger to those that thought that I was only fit to...
Why hasn't anyone thought of this stupid joke for this thread?  P.S.: I will reply proper tomorrow.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcOVu1K0jg8  If this band's songs aren't Sx, I don't know what it is.
Rave: I'm a certified pharmacist!  Rave: Got a job! It's not the dream job by any chance, but it's a great chance to learn a lot.  Rave: I feel like recently, I'm being surrounded by a cover of...
http://dailypositivequotes.com/quotes-images/be-the-type-of-person-you-want-to-meet.jpg
Sp/so here.  I do want to know the people that people around me know, but only to those very close to me. I feel that, since I'm very interested in the social environment, I want to know the social...
I also get told this basically all the time.  There's something I agree: Think, if you had a business of your own, would you want someone to be reliable and be there or someone that is kind of...
This game.  I saw a video and got a friend to join me. The coop missions need 5 players to start. My friend is an sniper addict, but I only enjoy support classes, normally medic. This last game,...
Rant: Too many fucking snipers in shooter games. Make a game where every other class contribute to a team and people will still only play sniper. What the fuck?! Are you actually planning on...
I guess I did blew it. Thanks for the advices, though.
Yes, but let me get something off my chest first: The more I explain myself the less sense I make.   So let me do a last attempt before jumping off a cliff.  I get the point of manliness and all...
Not really, you can have feels and be manly.  I just have feels and don't act like a proper man, most of the time. :tongue:
I have you seen you disagreeing with others in some threads. That's some scary shit, Inguz! You're all fierceness and then, all of sudden you're cool again. You're the counterphobic poster boy for...
That was the hyphotesis I was going with. I mean, out of all sixes on these forums, I respect/fear both Out0fAmmo and Inguz. It's not like they're out there to attack me or anything, but I would...
What is your Myers Briggs type? ISTJ  Which are the Myers Briggs types you are most attracted to ?  ENFP, ESFP and INFP Which are the Myers Briggs types you are least attracted to? INFJ, ISTP, INTP
Thanks for the advice. I try not to live too much inside it, but I've been learning by the day.  I've been meaning to ask you: You seem to be very comfortable with your manhood and overall...
Being a type 6, I wouldn't enjoy dating myself, if I was a girl.  Too much reactivity, questioning and sudden changes in thought almost all the time. I think that, at least, I'm very open and...
I have managed to use more exclamation points today than I ever did in my entire life together. I really feel weird by using them.  TEXT EXCITEMENT! (See? It hurts.)
I'm a phobic six. :P  I found that description funny because I remember being called out on my endless security measures and I was like Well, *starts long speech about why the world is so...
Wow, guilty as charged. :laughing:
Isn't that anecdotal evidence?  Perhaps people you met were Soc first or seconds, along with the fact that they were six. That could throw your perception a bit off.
IPIEC  Introverted(4) Pratical (3) Individualist (2) Emotional (2) Civilized (5)
I'm afraid of making mistakes even when it's perfectly fine to make them.  (I'm on the process of overcoming it, though :wink:)
Dogs, definitely.'"


3150: 'Here are my results.    Sexual 
|| 18%   Social
Same here.  Additionally, to my way of thinking I don't see detachment as a negative trait.
How interested am I in exercising the introspection necessary to assess where I rate these aspects of my persona?    ....... Extremely interested.  ....... Very interested.  ....... Somewhat...
To borrow a Sela-ism, get out of my head.  I could have written that.  Even my wife, who knows me better than any other, has mostly given up on trying to figure out what I'll like.  I've got a series...
You're much more likely to be stuck with 1000 geezers.  Cruises are much more popular with the elderly set than young families.  That's not to say that there won't be children underfoot, but they...
Speaking of avatars, I can't look at yours without thinking of a pic I posted in the image thread long ago.  http://imagemacros.files.wordpress.com/2009/06/blackbear.jpg
I think most ISTJ's don't feel comfortable with praise that seems unwarranted.  Being thanked or praised for doing everyday things would fall into that category, as would being praised for performing...
I think this is pretty standard for ISTJ humor.  We make wisecracks and observational comments in reaction to what is happening, often in a deadpan manner.  And our humor can be so dry that you need...
Cold, ruthless logic.  If a logical case can't be made for why they should do it, then I probably have no business trying to convince them anyway.
I have a master travel list on my PDA.  It includes anything I might want to bring on any potential trip, and any key task I may need to complete before leaving.  Before a trip I can go through the...
You are starting from the erroneous assumption that to be a jack-of-all-trades means being a master of none.  It is quite possible (and quite common) to be a jack-of-all-trades and master of some.  ...
What's not to love? :cool:  http://bestofcalvinandhobbes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/calvin-und-hobbes-swifty-kick-in-the-butt.png
Thanks!
Sounds like a good plan for me as well.  Too many posts to catch up with after this length of absence.
My career in business (and the natural humility that tends to come with age) has taught me to present myself in a way that is less likely to be seen as arrogant.  I can still come across that way to...
But those aren't the only two choices.
Back on topic...  When approached by another while occupied: Leave me alone. (said in head)  When around people that blather on: Please shut up. (said in head) Get to the point. (said in...
What guy wouldn't want to be George Clooney? :cool:
Since there are usually no discernible answers to such discussions, we usually won't care to travel too far down the path.  Why bother with a lengthy philosophical quandary if we can't come to some...
An ISTJ view of what constitutes living life to the fullest may be quite different from that of some other types.  I find many activities to be rewarding that others might find boring or tedious. ...
So we did: Your Driving habits  This was my post in that thread:  Ix92m with niss as well. I tend to the be the guy on the road that wimpy drivers think of as x93aggressivex94, although I think of it...
I notice those details also, but I am constantly revising my conversation to keep what I say as succinct and to-the-point as possible.  My presumption is that nobody else is really interested in...
My inner turmoil sounds remarkably similar to a dial tone.
Glad to see that I most closely identify with levels 2, 3 and 4.     While I have found this to be the case, particularly as I've gotten older, it is still a constant battle to accept that I...
Yeah, we ISTJs can't even fake being bad boys.
You can see him lift his arm so that it is his forearm that actually hits the sign, not his face.  I don't find it in the least funny, even less so because it is fake.    I wouldn't find it funny...
I played plenty of sports for fun as a kid, and organized baseball up through high school.  I was always pretty capable at the various sports.  Nowadays there aren't many opportunities for playing...
ICBYDKWTASF*
Catching up, and I can't believe I actually read the past 15 pages of this thread.
Changing my oil was a bitch.
I've never been able to understand why people would get a tattoo.  I've never had the slightest inclination to get one and generally don't like seeing them on others.  To each their own, of course,...
My job history:  Lawn mower Department store employee Assistant in Engineering Dept. computer support lab Misc. telemarketing and direct sales positions (short-lived) Manager of a gas-mart...
You've basically been taking money out of their pocket.  Tips are an expected part of a server's income in the U.S.  As others have mentioned, they are paid a much lower set hourly rate as a result. ...
Based on the vernacular that review must have been written by either Qadosh or Out0fAmmo.
And asking an ISTJ to talk with a male friend about his feelings is like asking us to stick our tongue in a spinning fan.  And that's with even our closest friends.  Somebody who is much more of a...
This reminds me of when I was a kid and we used to get Flintstones vitamins.  They seemed like candy to us kids, so we were always stealing them out of the cabinet when our mom wasn't looking. ...
Fall is my favorite season (followed by spring), and summer is my least favorite.  The fall air is crisp and clear, the leaves change, and rainfall is relatively infrequent.  I'm no big fan of...
Speaking of mullets...  The classic photo: http://i903.photobucket.com/albums/ac234/wizardfooting/Redneck_MulletFamilyPortrait.jpg  And the follow-up shot:...
Excuse my ISTJ-ness, but there is no referenced link to a source or peer-reviewed study, so I'm not sure that we can accept that red is truly perceived that way.  Research has shown that my dog is...
^^^ That's good advice right there.[/QUOTE] So transparent.  :tongue:
And I bet they didn't ignore any future notes.  In fact, if this girl's parents had followed through on all the empty threats they likely made over the years, she wouldn't be such an entitled pain...
CorgiGirl you are going to drive yourself crazy over this girl.  You need to learn to just ignore the annoying stuff she will continue to do all year long, or you will end up obsessing over it.  Just...
I think those new smileys are creeping everybody out.  Even the cheerful ones look depressing.  Just because that Frankenstein monster is smiling doesn't mean I get a warm fuzzy.
He mentioned his hectic life recently.  I wonder if his interaction in the Intellectual thread last night caused him to reflect that he could use a break from the site.
I only have a Facebook account so I can track my brother who is traveling the world.  I've never posted a status, or anything else for that matter.  I can't believe some of the things people post on...
I love to travel but cruises aren't my cup of tea (tried it once).  I don't like forced socialization (dinner seating with strangers!) and following an externally-imposed schedule.  And cruises seem...
Actually, to get technical (my favorite thing to do), I don't see how her comment violated this rule.  The exact comment:   This isn't an insult or degradation against groups or specific members...
I love The Oatmeal.  So funny.   http://s3.amazonaws.com/theoatmeal-img/comics/minor_differences/motorists.jpg  http://s3.amazonaws.com/theoatmeal-img/comics/minor_differences/pedestrians.jpg
Fixed it for you.
This thread is a good place to post a few photos from my recent trip to Glacier National Park in Montana.  There's an album with some more of my favorites on my profile page.  ...'"


3157: 'I've read 14 books since mid-May and now it feels weird not having at least one novel to read. I've got my textbook sitting my lap though.
Rant: I took my older kitty to the vet today because she was coughing and looked like she was having trouble breathing.  Rant: Turned out that she had a pleural effusion and they don't know for...
:laughing:. Unfortunately, no. Though, a couple days ago it stopped chiming. It's still telling time, just not chiming anymore. I'm not really in any hurry to fix it.
Ugh. My mom put up a clock today that chimes on the every hour and half-hour, but it's a minute off. I really need to fix that.
I found this test on my sister's tumblr and, while I know it has no legitimacy, I thought it'd be fun to see other ISTJs' scores. Other types are welcome too, of course.  Psychopath Test link ...
I rarely get sick and don't avoid people who are sick. The last time I was sick was last summer, but before that it was in January of 2011. I think I just have a good immune system.
Yeah. I thought it'd be a funny name for a cat. I'm calling her Meg for short though.
I managed to snag a photo that shows I actually adopted a cat today and not a gray blur. Meet Megalodon! ...
Rave: Woo-hoo! I'm getting my Megalodon tomorrow!
I was in the middle of talking to my mom on an unrelated subject today when I thought of that part in The Princess Bride where Westley challenges Prince Humperdinck a fight to the pain. It suddenly...
I had the same issue on my mom's computer. I put IE browser into compatibility view for this site and it fixed it.   In case you're still having the issue and want to give it a try: How to put IE...
Rave: Finished my paper that's due in two days!  Rant: I found a black widow in my house today. I was unable to kill it (it crawled back up in it's hole), so I trapped it. It has to be gone by the...
Yes. Especially when you consider that a lot of kids think that their parents are SJs simply due to the nature of their relationship.
Yeah. I'm honestly not surprised. The negative stuff is always at the top of google searches like that.
Oh, look at that. All of the SJ's are stupid except for ISTJs which are just boring. Woo hoo!
New favorite lame joke:  *Cat begging for food* Me: No! I'm not Sharon! I'm Holgrave! :laughing:  Get it?! Sharon instead of sharin'! :laughing:
Yes. That happens often and depending on the time of day or how stressed I feel, I will just put down Relax on to my daily to-do list and that way I feel like I'm doing something. It sounds silly,...
Does that mean that they fixed it since I got on this morning? Because it only gave me the error message like 50% of the time I tried to load a page.    If it happens again, then I'll do that.
The exact same thing has been happening to me all day! I thought it was everyone but snowbell just said that he's not getting those issues. :confused:
*looks around* Has PerC finally decided to work again?
So, I grabbed a gallon of milk from my fridge so that I could drink a glass of milk and it ended up being completely frozen solid. The one behind it was normal though. :confused:
http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/193wd3kkl9w9mpng/original.png  Looks like I'm moving to Greenland!
Rant: As is normal with Virginia schools, I don't have class today because we're anticipating snow.  Rave: I was only able to sleep 3 hours last night, so it couldn't have been better timing!
I've never understood why it was cool. It just seems normal to me.  Naw. Though, she does create more than enough drama to count for two people...
... you feel abnormally hyper and want to end all of your sentences with an exclamation mark.
New class introductions always remind me that I'm a boring person because the most interesting thing I can think of to say about myself is that I have a twin. I feel like I'm saying Hello! I'm so...
I've always wondered about that. I mean, if the power goes out, I guess they'll just put that milk in the snow? But the thing is this happens 5 or 6 times each winter where I live, and most of the...
I had the same haircut all my life until I changed it 2.5 years ago.
24 out of 36
I spent last night learning the hard way why you shouldn't guzzle down a 24 oz bottle of Sparkling Apple Cider in 20 minutes. In my defense, the cats didn't want any.
You sound like an evil villain. :laughing:
Rave: Finished my last exam before 9 AM this morning!  Rant: Now I must wait for the grades to be posted.  Rave: Only have to wait 2 days.
My father does that. Every clock of his is 6 minutes ahead and he's always at least 30 minutes late. :dry:    My sister has a clock that is always off because it runs fast. I would just get a new...
...you notice that your clock is 4 seconds slow.
Just learned that the plumber who's coming today last name is Waters. :laughing:
Rant: I was having a great day until I tried to interact with other people.
If I got office supplies as a gift, I'd think it's the gag gift and would look around for the real gift.   Gift cards are always nice. The best gift I've ever received is a prepaid visa card, which...
It's gotten up to nearly the 60s for the past couple of days, otherwise I would've kept it.
I just found a jug of milk in my car that we forgot to take out after my mom went to the grocery store 5 days ago! :laughing:
Rant: I've been trying to sign up for classes for the past 8 hours. (Well, technically for the past 16.5 hours, but they weren't open for 8.5 of those hours.)  Rave: Just signed up.  Rave: I also...
Four handfuls of blue peanut M&M's
I was driving home and, I guess it was the shift change, but 5 police cars just drove with me for like a mile. It was one of the most terrifying things in my life.
Dear Cousin?,  You are really immature for your age. The fact that you continued the behavior after being lectured by your grandma is even more astounding. When I was your age I would've been...
Haha! The 418 one!
I was scanning the page and when I got to this part:  This was all I could think of:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwjRgVcbGd4
We had/have one, but no one knows where it is and it would often tell us to turn off an overpass or go the wrong way down one way streets. I have a GPS system on my phone, but if it loads up it takes...
Dear sister,  I asked you come with me so that you could read the directions in the car so that I wouldn't get lost on the way to get my scrubs. You were up for 2.75 hours before we left the house....
What about the moods? I should probably give up on you guys bringing that back. :sad:
They just look like regular buildings to me. It'd be cool if they had gargoyles, but alas no. And I believe we're derailing a bit.
My sister and my mom say it a lot and I'll just stare at the building and try to figure out what they mean. They always look like a regular building to me.'"


3166: 'I would describe myself as sensitive. Sensitive in the context of my inner self is being questioned. My outer self, the quality of the work others get to see is within context vetted. If someone can...
Ditto. Though we cannot undo the past, we can keep from repeating it in the future.
Good on ya!  Why NOT Having Sex Might be Good for You  --  My picky ISTJ side.  What you have: A. Virgin
Critical in that I continue to measure him up. In so many ways he is a good husband to my sister and a good father to their children. But the fact remains that though she is a mother and wife, she...
I can relate. Even though my youngest sister is ten years older than I am.  In ways I get very protective of all women, not just close friends or family. This doesn't mean I'll always or often take...
We must realize that fear is not real. It is a product of thoughts you create. Now do not misunderstand me, danger is very real. But fear is a choice.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aanhrAnGqPY
Opportunity.
She said yes! :blushed:
If you accept, my newest PC friend. If not, not. (That's 10 words.)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fL6wbsGx9qw
Don't you dare put the blame on me! :angry:    One word is more efficient. Hurried rendevouz? Hurried wasn't me. :shocked: How many others are there? Why not thank? Bewildering is but one word,...
Apparently not. :sad: There I was, drafting a letter back to her, when to my surprise I received another letter and therein it contained:  .. .----. -- / -. --- - / -.-- --- ..- .-. / - -.-- .--. ....
My dearest Hela,  It is good to read your letters. The last one I read was a few minutes ago, almost too long for a man to bear. I knew you would write me again, it's the thought that kept me...
About 20 minutes left in one movie. (Started watching it 12 hours ago?) Buffering a YouTube video at high quality.  Writing a private message. Snacking on some granola On Skype Sipping some...
Isn't that what you normally get?  I'd say 2. True looks come from the inside, not the out, which eliminates 1. True intelligence comes from the ability to communicate it, which eliminates 3. Good...
Ista  In a way it is tradition and reliability, but it also is using Ne as means to tease with the purpose of having an element of surprise. Not surprise in that you already know that eventually it...
Ista, did you never create a thread in the Intro forum? :shocked:   I may remember that for years. :laughing:  Ista, she never says hello. :dry:
I don't know if it's an ISTJ thing, but I know what you're talking about and I do this.  I think of it as a comedian's callback.   From Wikipedia:   Example being at work where me (ISTJ), an...
See, I did YouTube in the past. Put up over 80 videos showing my face. One person I know stumbled across my videos. I immediately changed all my videos to private and have not put up a new video...
Some people know my full first middle and last name. Some people have seen a picture of me. Some people have heard me sing karaoke. Some people have my Skype. Some people have my number and we have...
1. Physical Touch 2. Quality Time 3. Words of Affirmation 4. Acts of Service 5. Receiving Gifts   #1: Physical Touch (100%) - If someone loves me with physical touch, I'm theirs. From...
Interested in what though? Sex? Safe to say yes. Anything more? Well, maybe, but in most cases no. I'm generalizing.  I'd put Vegas odds on this being a double rebound.
Has anyone seen the movie Next? That's what I think about when I look at INFJ. You look into the future and see one way that things can play out. But every time you look into the future it changes...
Thank you Ms. cat avatar! :kitteh: Your voice hasn't changed. :)  I could hear you but had to listen to it a few times, so I transcribed it.  Hi Per-C it's Dauntless. I wanted to say thank you...
Touk  I wouldn't call it stalking per se. Stalking would be done in a stealthy manner. You could call it an infatuation. As an ISTJ I'm the same. I'd say it's an Si thing. And I'll go deep. Google...
Hey. Yes, ENFP can at times be annoying. As a whole I still love them though. And you actually put here whatever you want to put here. You're a language syntax nazi, eh? Enjoy English? Given the...
27 / 38 = 0.71  This matches the ideal child bearing ratio of 0.70, what subconsciously guys are attracted to. If you haven't had children yet your first one may turn you from the pear into that...
0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
What was your type journey to ISFP? What lead you to finally settle on ISFP? What has made it a better fit than all of the others before?  Another lurker in the light.  Welcome.
You're now chatting with a random stranger. Say hi! Question to discuss: What something you sincerely like that receives enormous amounts of hate?    Stranger: me  You: too easy
Question to discuss: Ever touch a friend while they were asleep?    You: yes  Stranger: no  You: to wake them up
Thank you for the suggestion. :) Done.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlN3oEjMpUQ  Question to discuss: RAPE IS NATURAL AND HEALTHY... ALL ANIMALS DO IT... I HAVE A NATURAL RIGHT TO VAGINA Your conversational partner has disconnected....
You're now chatting with a random stranger. Say hi! Question to discuss: What's the nastiest thing you would ever do to a girl?    You: go down on her  Stranger: nothing lol
Crux gemmata
Hello Mermaid. What did your friends type as? Your English is fine. What can you relate to the INFJ type the most?  Welcome.
Hi there INFP. I generally like F's better too. Though I'd say not being obnoxious isn't by type but down to the individual.  Wow, life is painful to live?  Welcome.
I know what you put the first time! :)  Sparklers
I was on Facebook for about four months. My account is still there and when my birthday comes around I see the email that people no doubt have wished me another happy birthday, even though I haven't...
Any day can be the start of a new sentance, paragraph, page, or chapter in one's life. Maybe a Sunday or Monday, or the first of a month. Most often than not resolutions end up saved throughout the...
sidekicklover22 I'm always looking at people's biographies. Hey, she posted her strengths! Oh, but she hasn't posted here yet. :)  So with a Top 5 of: Adaptability. Positivity. Connectedness....
I talk to myself, but then I'm aware and intentionally talking to myself. Sometimes in the car. Rarely around others. Unless I'm doing it to make a stronger mental note about something.
HiddenAngel Thank you for sharing. Sounds like you did some learning and growing. From where you are today may you in this next year continue your journey with further learning and growing. :)  For...
Hello. Heard someone was looking for a guy who has to compare to a check list.
Welcome to PerC Katla. There's plenty of learning that can be done if that's what you're after. There's also plenty of great people to know and have fun with just shooting the breeze. Remember to...
I don't smell anything, but my sinuses haven't been clear the last couple of days. Anyway, some weather we're having..
Hello HiddenAngel!  I'm HonestAndTrue, an ISTJ. I joined here a couple months back. My experiences on this forum. Hmm. To put it to songs I'd say I've moved from Pink Floyd's Comfortably Numb to...
Hi, INFP. :happy:  Why are introductions scary? How long have you known your an INFP?  Welcome, learn, listen, and, of course, speak! :)
After reading this, I just have one thing to ask. What's your blood type hon?
Feeling is the first step. Feel it all, think it all, say/type/scream it all. Grow closer to your friends. Sadly, this is one of the things in life, though never should it happen, that is smart to...'"


3181: Captain phillips
:happy: nice
I'm currently reading elegy by Amanda Hocking the last book of the watersong series.
a vacation
chicken wrap
hello and welcome,I hope you enjoy it here.
I just got done reading once burned by Jeanine Frost.
I watched take me home on netflix ,it was a great movie.
I'm almost done with ever after by Kim Harrison
a orange
Playing for keeps and alex cross both are excellent movies
A perfect blood by Kim Harrison
a perfect blood by Kim Harrison
identiy theif
silver by Talia Vance
Wake by Amanda Hocking
Now you see her by Linda Howard.
Florida,USA
magic mike
The kill by L.j. Smith
Cassandra Clare's books are always good.
the switch it was really good.
I just finished with Cassandra Clare's new book city of falling angels a few days ago,now I'm reading Lisa Jackson's new book devious.
Who's your favorite authors?Mine are Nora Roberts,James Patterson,Cassandra Clare,Lisa Jackson
there a lot of fun
I'm currently reading the Mackade brothers Rafe&Jared by Nora Roberts
is this a poem you wrote?if so it's very good
I agree the summertime is just too hot
I want to travel to Austrillia someday
hello and welcome to the site enjoy it here
hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here
hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here
hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here
hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here
hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here
there's so much to be thankful for my friends my family that I have a roof over my head,and food on the table.
hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here
welcome to the forum enjoy it here
hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here
welcome to the forum enjoy it here
hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here
I use the norton
welcome to the forum enjoy it here
hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here
hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here
hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here
hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here
I guess it would be that I can be very sensitive maybe too sensitive at times
hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here
hello and welcome to the forum"


3200: 'Great.  I already have pretty thin hair.  I guess I'll just wear wigs when I'm old.  Sent from my LG-D850 using Tapatalk
No matter how hot it is, I have to sleep with socks on.  I don't like feeling the sheets against my bare feet.  Sometimes I've fallen asleep for the whole night on top of my bed with a blanket on me....
lelhttps://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170821/42ca159f14aaa10a2f57e8f8426c430e.jpg  Sent from my LG-D850 using Tapatalk
I prefer large dogs, but my dog is more medium/large, I guess.  I think she weighs around 60 lbs.  Sent from my LG-D850 using Tapatalk
I talk to my pets all the time.  For one thing, I tell my old tabby cat all the time to get off the (kitchen) table.  Sent from my LG-D850 using Tapatalk
lolwut  Sent from my LG-D850 using Tapatalk
How is this possible?  I don't have a Y chromosome!  Sent from my LG-D850 using Tapatalk
While I don't take InfoWars as gospel, they present information that the MSM wouldn't care talk about.  Here's a new video of theirs stating that the Charlottesville rally/protest and others like it...
These protests during the past few years are a great divide and conquer tactic.  I would not be at all surprised if they were staged, to some extent.
Shadilay
I had a safe space until Trigglypuff ate it.  She almost ate me too.
I got arrested by the PC police after being reported by some SJWs.  Bastards.
May Our Lord and Savior President Trump bless his loyal disciples with high energy, self-sufficiency, and delicious memes. ...
Are you by any chance referring to Big Hecking Group of Dang Doggos?  Sent from my LG-D850 using Tapatalk
No, they're corny.  Where's the poll though?
Sorry, duplicate post
Hmm, that's weird that it would make your hair greasy.  I know for me, the ACV/water mixture helps make my scalp feel less greasy.  I would think that pure ACV would, if anything, dry out your hair! ...
OMG you're supposed to dilute it with water, or else it will be way too strong!  I do a 50/50 mix of ACV and water.  Not sure if it's necessary, but I use the raw, organic, unfiltered ACV with The...
I use a few shampoos in rotation.  In fact, I'm only 1 of 4 people in my household who uses our shower, yet at least 80% of the bath and hair products in and next to the shower are mine.  Typical...
Most of those Tumblr gifs, that people use as memes, aren't funny.  They're usually of someone just making a small movement or saying a short quote.  I would just use a still picture for that.  Such...
Haven't you heard?  The kids nowadays want to slay and have their brows on fleek and their noses snatched or whatever jargon they use.  YAAAAASSSSSS!!!
I was a cashier at Kmart.  The store I worked at closed just a few months ago.
Ha, your job sounds like it would be a nightmare for me.  I would never want to work in human resources because I do not enjoy resourcing humans.
What kind of industry do you work in?  Maybe you may want to switch to an industry with more introverts.
I do have some pretty strong political opinions.  SJWs hate me :P
I wear glasses, but outside of the house I normally wear contacts.  I'm nearsighted :(
80s baby/90s kid here.  I was born in June 1989, so at the tail end of the 80s.
I don't know about other people my age, but I'm just not interested.  I'm not 20 years old anymore, and work is stressful and draining.  It doesn't help that I live with my parents, but I should have...
I do like my job, but I would absolutely not do it for free.  It can be quite stressful!  No self-respecting human would put themselves through that kind of stress if there wasn't anything in it for...
I submitted my resignation letter to my recruiter last night, and hope I get an answer today.  I'm planning to tell my job today, but really would like a date to provide them as to how much longer...
While this company wouldn't offer me the option of working part-time (since they need phone coverage all day), I was thinking that I may get a part-time job if I were to quit this one.  If anything,...
I've been a temp at my current job since January, and whenever I've asked my recruiter or my supervisor has asked corporate about me getting hired, there's never a firm answer.  I feel like I'm being...
It seems like it's almost impossible to get a job unless someone has a connection within the company.  In that case, why do companies even bother advertising job vacancies?  I'm sure most jobs could...
Yes!  In fact, for the past year and a half (actually, almost two years now), all but one of my jobs have been through a temp agency.  I got a permanent, full-time job through them, but...
I have another grievance.  I'm reading about interview advice, and some of it is just unrealistic.  When asked how I found the job, what's wrong with saying flat out that I found it from an online...
Degree: History  MBTI: ISTJ  Do you actually like it / would you rather be doing something else?: I liked it, but my liberal arts major combined with my inferior social skills means almost zero...
I wonder if there are any introvert-friendly companies I can apply to.  Just because someone isn't outgoing or easily excitable doesn't mean they wouldn't be good at a job.  In fact, a lot of...
Could you rephrase your response?  I didn't understand it at all.  I'm horrible with abstract ways of speaking, probably why I can't get a job.  Sent from my LG-D850 using Tapatalk
No, except for when I had tried applying for teaching jobs a couple of years ago.  (I'm a certified teacher.)  I gave up after trying for 2 years and getting nothing but a couple of interviews, and...
Basically anything in an office (or limited warehouse exposure) that I qualify for, given my skills and experience.  Mostly customer service or administrative support.
I've only had a  couple of interviews, like for only 10% of jobs I've applied for, if that.  I'm not sure what I'm doing in interviews that they may not like.  Maybe I'm too polite ._.  But I have...
I've applied for dozens of jobs since December, and I've had a few interviews but no offers.  I wonder if there's something wrong with me.  I guess I don't come off as being particularly confident or...
But I'm sure you would definitely say that it is not ok that the child died as a result of her husband's behavior...right?  Actually, I think you are just being sarcastic.
I should have chosen a different major :(  I highly regret my poor decision in major because it is not at all conducive to getting a job.  The problem is that I had absolutely no interest in business...
AriesLilith In the United States, public university costs about $10,000 per year, but the cost is about twice as high for students who choose to live on campus.  I paid something like $22,000 per...
I think B is good.  The hair is braided back away from the face.
I wonder if fresh college graduates have always been expected to have some kind of work experience from their undergraduate years.  I know that my mom, who graduated from college in the late 70s, had...
I think my smallest classes had a capacity of 15 students, and the largest had 100.  However, the huge classes are lecture halls, and I don't think they would include presentations to the whole...
jcal That sounds brutal.  I just want a more or less 9-5 job where I can come in and leave at my designated times, and leave all my work at work.  If such a great percentage of the workforce makes a...
Wow, I could never work that many hours per day on a regular basis!  What industry do you work in?'"


3254: 'ok then, no real trauma for a while, actually been kinda good that respect, only 1 friend died in jan however im used to people dieing.  right now here is an example, i was at work dragging the...
mentally detached, it seems like im watching myself say, do and think things that is out of my normal personality (ISTJ) then im shocked and even horrified to some of that stuff, this is when...
well, not gonna say to much however i was attacked by a spirit once... now i got some protection from some mischievous entities that makes things go bump in the night and the day, only 1 person seen...
when i fist wake up i do talk in riddles and rhymes, it's hard to get words i want to say from the tip of my tongue, so i say how i feel, then as i'm spaced between sleep-lampy to fully with it i...
79%I. 79% S. 58% F. 68% J. (april 3rd just woke up) 68%I. 79% S. 53% F. 68% J. (april 3rd just finished work 10 hours later)  hmm hardly a change on the F side but i am becoming less...
oh was it supposed to be clammed? as you are correct, as in 'Hello's' words surrounded and captured my mental thoughts and made me sink them deep inside of me, this is to allow the emotions to show...
ooh my, just had a shock, i woken up today after a good night sleep, i did the test again as i didnt feel so bad, still got random thoughts however my test made my eyes buldge. i did the test...
just when i know i did something and i then regret saying or doing it as its not who i am, or who i was for the most of my life.  hahaha mercer, you almost hit the jackpot in what im describing
yes i did have feeling, i also had loads of personal experiances so i can relate to many peoples pains and torture in life, this i used to be able to help others showing and explaining what happened...
i dont mind the change but its like i been picked up and thrown in a cold water bath :( i have always been brought up not to show emotions, i didnt cry, jokes was near none existant and with family...
wow so many answers, thank you all!  i do these tests every month and usually the last of the first week to the second week of that month, my other scores between dec and march only changed a few %...
the other day i didn't feel myself and it made me feel crappy and its still on going, even when i done the MBTI test it actually shows a big jump comparing it from December to March.  95% I. 79% S....
i got: 4. Words of Affirmation 11. Quality Time 1. Gifts 6. Acts of Service 8. Physical Touch  this explains a lot to why i dont like being touched by anyone unless i have a deep meaningful...
do we work at the same place? i too yesterday (thursday 31st) truly thought fuck the job, now i been there 11-13 years with different owners and it was the first time i was tempted to put my coat on...
the few i started to trust to be part of me i'd let them get sexual and sensual, however at 28 i still haven't fully trusted anyone and it seems like they wanted more than i was willing to give them...
i'm hearing this so a few times here on the forums and i dont understand this as its not really ISTJ to give mixed messages, usually its yes/no black/white, i know when i break up friendships they...
well for me its stemmed from when i was growing up, you may have seen the post when i opened up to prove a point to some 'do gooders' if not dont worry. it is however an ISTJ trait to vanish for...
this is something i have thought for many years, mainly because of how long it takes for me to trust people and then other reasons past that.  now as for being pushed to do things im not...
that guy seems more scared of loosing her because he might be scared of change.  the guy who didnt want to know the parents will have a logical reason most likely caused  by some sort of bad...
since i was 20 i could only relate to much older people to be friendly with im now 28 and still find people my age immature and those i enjoy a really good chat to would be usually 45/50 and up. im...
you dont need a relationship to be friends, also she might be looking for someone who is genuine and or not a jerk like the people she know already
yup showed me as ENFP 95% 95% 84% 95%  nice idea  just done test correct and got ISTJ 95% 89% 84% 95%  Numbers are not correct however they are close
yup just like me by going to the extreme of breaking really good friendships off    umm ok thats more like one of these comments are true; your not actually an ISTJ, you have aquired a multiple...
do your contact with him but be professional with her - you don't need to like her to talk to your little brother, if she refuses  keep trying and when you finally talk to him because she might miss...
yes, we need to be pushed, but if its something we dont like to the point of hating it and were forced into it, i for one have broken of long time friendships. i do sometimes wish to do something...
no your not crazy, i agree with you and do the same myself if you noticed my  post, you see a problem and you just want to gtfo as fast as poss, sure you had good times but all the problems rolling...
i totally agree, thankfully im good at looking into myself, only because of a personal issue that made me do more research into my own mind and body thats why i know how to get the F out of me when i...
so its guess work then? lol thanks :)
ok i am an ISTJ, i do however love swinging my T and F erratically however on the Intrapersonal Intelligence test it shows this but also describes me as an N.  allmost a tick for everything however...
I have a lot going on in my head, i also however like to explore the F side thus giving me the ability to cry when i want/need to (need to release myself) nearly all my crying is in private and...
yes i agree, i could make some comments yet i cant as they are too personal for me to divulge
if he was intrested in being true friends he wouldnt have posted her email, if she found out being an enfj she is more forgiving however if that happened to me, there would be so much hatred in the...
yes, i agree that out opersites are very facinating because we have chance to feel what the other person holds. we as istj's build our ideals and morals from growing up with our personality being...
hehehe, i dont know how you have the patience to stick it out, if someone was trying to force me to do things or change me it'd realy pee me off. mind you im one who doesnt beleive they need someone...
i do as little as i can in real life, maybe this past month i got 5-8 hours of socialising? and as the OP commented i agree that when i dont do enough i feel i wasted a day of my life but if i did go...
all im going to say now is owiee - my head hurts  i will agree on the istj and enfp not being good at all.
ISTJ's keep as much as they can hidden and bottled up, sure we let a few things out as and when needed but a good proportion of the time when i do tell people things i skim around the edge. when an...
first off, i cant afford to, second i dont want linux, mac, windows vista or 7
I guess i speak for many ISTJ's who have problems with change,:unsure: No - leave it alone, i like the grey, i've not had bugs and i can live with the load time. seriously i find people upgrading...
dont worry about feeling old :) im 28 and know a good portion of them
i dont think so, however good for you! your becoming aware that looking at someone isnt going to hurt you phisically and the mental anguish will pass each time you go a bit more.  flirting can be...
seen and operated a 12 track recorder, damn reels are HUGE! lol thank god its all on hard disk now, however im only 28 :)  i still got a reel to reel single track portable player that was my dads
correct in what your commenting on, its not the full story, im a very private person, my post just skimmed around the edge a little. however, the things i share are about me, doen't hold much to the...
I ditched all but my aunt long ago, but my confidants was very special to me At the time, one was in the states and the other lived near me in the UK. the lass in US was a good friend at the time,...
sounds like the poor guy wants to get to know you better but your shutting him out, there was/has been times he may have picked a hint that you liked him (from what you said in previous posts) but...
it really is a grey area, very hard! he might be caught in the catch 22 situation with thinking what to do and how to do it with least effect to both og your jobs?? on the side note he might be like...
[/B]   ok, when your doing something and it bores you, like walking the same route, doing something everyday which makes you think of other things and you then end up day dreaming, what you...
people sometimes being alone is worse than having someone do things for you yet beat on you too, normally people are scared of being alone, some dont like the dating process and trying to trust...
no, as space dust, light, energy such as radiation will be filling it, even glass itself give off its own energy, even in the vacume of space has other energy, even dark matter
sounds just like me :D     ok,  E/I hmm. the E will be out and about in public showing off what he/she knows where as I's only show it to a select few people they trust.  N/S hmm. N's have a...'"


3273: That's why their giving it to me. For hypertension. I super anxious all the time and tense.
I'm taking propranolol. I have bad panic attacks and is hard for me to leave my house. I want to understand how my brain is working and why the psychiatrist would put me on propranolol?    Sent...
I'm from New York. Washington heights. And I hate my neighborhood. It's predominately Spanish people. Always playing music and mad loud. I don't fit in with this neighborhood. Anyone else feels this...
Lol that's awesome. Is that an iguana?
I know but I have not learned. And I'm going to dbt groups and seeing a therapist and psychiatrist.
I am very Schizotypal. How can I over come this. I don't like talking to people and I can't keep jobs. I just wanna be normal. Party and get a pretty girl, have friends. But I don't have any of that...
I quit yesterday. Mid shift. I had a panic attack and got over whelmed and got super quite. I just wanted to get outta there.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Greg plitt is my hero and someone that has inspired me and pushed me to get out of my comfort zone. His philosophy and mind set is so strong and inspiring    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I started a new job and I don't fit in. At all I don't know how to talk to people or how to be cool. I'm odd and when I'm done washing dishes I don't know where to look or where and how to stand. I...
No bull shi1t I know people with autism that work and hold job while me on the other hand I'm a nervous fuck and can't keep jobs.
How can i change my name to iconclast?
whos admins and how i contact him?
Well from what I've read about autism I can relate.
I do have social anxiety.
I have a therapist and I go to groups everyday for dbt, will when I can make it. And in trying to overcome this but it always comes back.
That's exactly what's happening. I'm trying to overcome this and go out and face these fears
You think. But how can I get better or become better. I'm 25 and is like I'm dead. No money and not making any new changes.
Beginning* ops   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I can't keep and hold a job. Every social interaction is odd to me. Is weird. At work or in the gym. Is like I don't know how to act. I go deep deep down into my head. I become paranoid when I meet...
Where's the questionnaires ??   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Was fe? The anxiety is connected to the agoraphobia because I can't leave my house because I over think everything.
Lol nice that sounds dope and all. But what do I think when I look into the eyes? How can I tell if it's fear or if it's with a girl sexual desire? Or if it's hate?
Like esfj or inet. How would I figure witch one I am. I'm an introvert, homebody. I have Anxiety disorder and panic attacks witch agoraphobia and depression. I'm extremely socially awkward and...
What does esfj mean   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
What if I gaze in their eyes and see nothing. I look into my eyes, and see nothing.
I'm the same. When someone talks I'm wondering if they talking out their ass,what are they trying to say? Or if they just trying to show off. I come off as a air head because I freeze and over..."


3364: 'Dad was a grouchy old ESTJ. I've inherited his work ethic, his practicality and frugal nature. (Though I'm not as much of a curmudgeon as he was.) And his love of Sci Fi and Fantasy.  My mom's been...
As MissJordan pointed out, putting unlimited money out into the (hypothetical) economy would cause inflation on an epic scale. So I would ration my (hypothetical) spending over time.  I would give...
Financially conservative, socially liberal. Independent voter.
Non-religious ISTJ here. I do volunteering and such, but nothing with a religious orientation.
Pretty much anytime I'm working, particularly if it's something repetitive and mindless. (Which much of my job is.) It's very Zen.
Look for the person who seems really intent on his/her work, to the extent that he's either ignoring or annoyed by whatever else is going on around him/ her. That might be one of us. (Of course, we...
All of them. (Ah, the joys of adulthood.)
Atlanta -- driven through a few times. Used to live in Augusta, GA (2 hours away) Austin -- used to live in San Antonio, an hour away. Visited a couple of times.  Boston -- went to military...
When I'm talking about Pain, I'm referring to Physical pain, and not emotional pain.  On Others [Intentional]:  As a career choice ? i.e. Doctor, Dentist, Surgeon, Veterinarian, Soldier, Police...
It's the state capitol of Texas (I'm sure you've heard of Texas). Nice town. Hot as Hades in the summer though.
65% Atlanta 65% Washington, DC 60% Austin 55% Denver 55% Las Vegas  I have no idea how it came up with ATL. I don't like ATL at all. Not the weather, the traffic, or the culture. DC is is too...
I don't have cable, so I end up watching things on Netflix long after the season is over. Dexter Doctor Who Lost (though the last few seasons weren't very good. I just kept watching to see what...
1. Would you ever consider going bungee jumping/skydiving? For recreational purposes, heck no. In the Army I had to do some of this sort of thing (rappelling). It was my job, so I did it.  2....
[QUOTE=hello317;1530353]That's interesting! Never tried this.   I meant that we usually ended up going to the mall (which is what teenage girls with nothing to do and no car frequently did in the...
1. Why do you always look so mad? Are you mad? (asked by your friend who's not that close to you) Huh? What? Do I look mad? I was thinking.... That must be my thinking face.  2. Lets hang out....
Hm, some of it sounds like your subconscious throwing up occasional emotional grenades at you. Some of it might be hormonal. (I'm definitely gloomier and more easily annoyed at that time of the...
I think my mother is/was an INFP. (She's had a serious mental illness since I was 12, so it's hard to say for sure. So when I talk about her personality, I'm talking about how she was pre-illness.) ...
I make decisions very fast. Often too fast, in hindsight. I guess it's my strong J preference, but I can't stand open-endedness.   I gather as much relevant data as I can within a fairly brief...
My weird thing when embarking on a new relationship is that I automatically memorize every conversation verbatim. If the object of my desire mentions some slight detail about his Great-Aunt Tilly,...
These titles mean less as you get older, but I think it's safe to say I'm a nerd, with slight geekish tendancies. (I always liked Doctor Who and the Star Trek series, but I'm not obsessed with...
I can be interested in almost anything in the short-term, But if I think the subject is silly (astrology) or too trivial (what happened last night on American Idol or whatever), I'll tune out...
Maybe the random cupcakes are an ENFP thing. You know, kind of the opposite of what we would do?
I suppose you're right. Still...an ISTJ getting kicked out of the military? It's hard to imagine. We normally fit right into the big machine like we were custom-made for it.
You seem like an ISTJ with a very balanced F/T. A kinder, gentler ISTJ. (I voted for you as an ISFJ at first...but upon reflection, I would probably make that ISTJ.)   I haven't noticed anything...
Nicely put. If whatever's said isn't near the mark, I'll just shrug it off and think, Geez, what a jerk, and go about my day. If I think there's some truth in it though....oh, that just eats me...
1. He is probably not deliberately trying to hurt you. He doesn't know what he wants, which isn't that strange in a 21 year old whose life is suddenly in a state of flux. He may be trying to grab...
I'm 39, and this sounds pretty much exactly NOT like me, so I don't think age is the determining factor. I only have so much give-a-damn to go around, and a lot of things just don't make the cut. So,...
I agree, the Enneagram is kind of a pain in the butt compared to MBTI. My scores were crazy the first time I took it. 9, 3, 6, even 8, I think. Really all over the place. Totally unlike the MBTI,...
Evil has meant a lot of different things at different times and places in history. Let's look at some things we consider abhorrent, but which were perfectly normal, good and accepted in other times...
Thanks, I think that Carrie Fisher quote is brilliant.  I don't mean randomly predictive. I mean, I had dreams where I was in a room, with a certain group of people, and someone said or did...
I went back and read this whole thread just now, after I posted. What a great discussion. Kudos for talking about something like this both sensibly and sensitively. That's extremely rare on the...
I'm not sure the OP meant just physical abuse.... though in any case, some women will take advantage of the never hit a woman law ingrained in most men's heads, and will use physical violence...
For much of the time I was in college (the first time) I acted very different from the way I had before, or the way I have since. I was extremely needy of other people. I hated being alone. I was...
I don't believe in the supernatural. However, I'm open to the idea that there are natural phenomena we don't understand yet, and those could encompass things that other people call supernatural.   ...
I'm not naturally talented at reading body language. I've had to teach myself as I've gotten older. I don't think it's something with which a lot of ISTJs are gifted, though maybe it's just me.
Depends on the type of risk for me. I'll do some things most people would consider risky, if I've planned for them in advance. I've traveled by myself across most of Europe and a lot of the US, for...
Nope. I make enough small talk to be pleasant and polite, but I don't feel the need to go any deeper with 99.9 % of the population. If I am genuinely interested in someone or something, I'll make the...
I'm 39 now, and I was probably about 30 when I took my first online MBTI test. I've always tested as an ISTJ, though I only started getting more interested in it (and how ISTJs relate to other types)...
I vaguely remember letting some other kids copy my Latin homework. I never cheated on a test.  I did, however, steal candy from a local grocery store on a few occasions when I was 12-13-ish, so I...
I've always felt like an outsider, except for a brief period when I was in college. (Not sure why that was different, unless it was because I was shadow-me, an ENFP.)  I can feel like I belong with...
I can count the number of sick days I've taken in the last 18 years on two fingers, and I had perfect attendance every quarter when I went back to school for another degree a couple of years ago. ...
I agree with the others that ISTJs have a deep obsessive streak. I get deeply into the minutia of things that pique my interest.  Once I feel like I've learned everything I can about something,...
Sounds pretty normal for an older ISTJ to me. We really like our time at home. It's our haven from the world.  I think that quote a man's home is his castle was probably coined for an ISTJ.
Do you carve out time for you to take care of you, emotionally and physically? Yes.... As an introvert who has the luxury (or misfortune, depending on your perspective) of living alone, I have...
Indeed, but I've never seen anything like this on a MBTI website.  Psychological Type profiles  Pure mumbo-jumbo.  Edited to add: When I call it mumbo-jumbo, I'm referring to the physical...
I read an article recently talking about the roots of gossip in evolutionary psychology. How it would have been a useful survival strategy when we lived in small groups to know who was sleeping with...
For those who don't know, the Socionics types are slightly different from the MBTI types, so using your MBTI type there might be misleading.  I personally find Socionics to be about as believable...
I'm in the keep your head down and do your job camp. And as my work persona is hard working, polite and innocuous -- vanilla, even -- I don't inspire strong feelings in most people one way or...
I started drinking coffee when I was twelve. I freely admit I am addicted to it. I've had to give it up before (no caffeine allowed in military basic training). It was a long, long eight weeks.  1....
I fantasize plenty. I have no problems making up stories, plots, conversations, alternative histories, etc.   What I've never been able to do, and what it sounds like your ISTJ couldn't do either,...'"


3523: I think Watson is an ISTJ.
Got myself a bit of a strange situation. There's an ENTJ guy I've know for about 6 years, who recently has become single, and I have never really been romantically interested in him, but I was...
Hi ENTJs. Any of you males in a relationship with an ISTJ female? Positives/challenges? I asked in the ISTJ forum but no one had any experience. I did some past searching of threads but thought it...
Any ISTJ females in a relationship with an ENTJ male? Positives and negatives? I hear it can be a good match if values and interests are similar!
1. There are two categories of men I am attracted to. The first seem to be attractive EXXPs because my brain goes 'bingo, we've found a match' and starts releasing chemicals they make me feel like...
Wow. You have a problem on your hands in that case..I'd suggest getting some literature on the subject too and going from there..  Dealing with the CrazyMakers in Your Life  I'd think VERY...
I have been working with a good shrink since our crisis blowed up (beginning of the year), and it is completely my intention to bring him to a couple therapist. He is momentarily willing to cooperate...
He sounds to me like he's what's called a 'crazymaker' or has narcissitic tendencies. Crazymakers have an insecure personality disorder. They will punish you for being honest with them. Their...
What if you expose him, tell him you know he's been lying..then you have to work out what he has to do to regain your trust..and then state your terms.  For example he allows you full access to his...
Hmm..it sounds he is serious about you if you're getting married. My question to you is, how are you going to be able to trust him if he's lied to you about this relationship?
Firstly, when you said you'd 'worked really hard to get him back' BIG RED FLAG..men will do as little as possible to get as much as possible. If he's in a relationship with you then maybe he's just...
Sorry to hear it didn't work out. I don't see insecurity as being a classic ISTJ trait. Anyone can be hypersensitive to criticism...it depends on how emotionally healthy you are. I've recently just...
Haha. Thanks. In that case I will just be myself (I am very blunt)! Will stick to the non threatening factual stuff (which is my specialty anyway).
How do I attract an ESTP. There is a guy who I would describe as a 'familiar face', we have some mutual friends. I've observed him and I'm pretty sure he's an ESTP (don't ask me how I know this!!). I...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuxXZz0W-Aw
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kloHgfZPWo
Yes it is indeed! You look like a psychopath - it reminded me of Bane. I got a similar effect when I tried to dress up like Sherlock for fun one night and took a photo of myself.   49251  I don't...
Haha. Sorry. I thought you were the original poster.   Interesting photo btw. Where'd you get the surgical mask from?
You sound exactly like me..I think I'm an ISTJ.  The bit in bold sounds like aspergers syndrome.   Have you thought about Si vs Se and Te vs Ti; if you try to work out which functions you use...
So..what happened with you and the ISTJ?   I'm currently working on character growth, I find a psychologist very helpful..she has given me alot of insight into myself and my relationships that I...
I've thought about this alot recently...  My usual tactic: make friends with their friends, facebook stalk them, find out as much about them as I can, work out their MBTI type, work out their...
I've thought about this alot recently...  My usual tactic: make friends with their friends, facebook stalk them, find out as much about them as I can, work out their MBTI type, work out their...
I too cried in Sherlock, and I cry at church (although I'll try not to but when people are praying for me often I just can't help it and I'm a sobbing mess). I cry when I'm at home spending time...
ENTP = big black hole...that's what I think of them in a nutshell, but read on cause I give some positive points too.  I've just recently ended a friendship with an ENTP male whom I was attracted...
I know 2 ENTPs who are Christians. One is definitely ENTP (tested), other could be an F, but I think she's a T. I actually think that if you are Christian you can look alot more like an F because...
oooo...there's a great TED talk on psychopaths.   Jon Ronson: Strange answers to the psychopath test | Video on TED.com  I don't have it (I'm an ISTJ).
SJs have a tendency to resort to black-and-white thinking. I'm trying to avoid it. My mum is an ISFJ though and I have terrible trouble!! Last week I made a container of baked vegies I could eat...
I would say, there would be far more intellectual stimulus with an INTJ, but wouldn't discount ISTJs so easily. I was friends with an ENTP for 4 years, and he thought I was perhaps an INTJ...I'm just...
This sounds like a great combination when both parties are healthy! Glad you guys have each other...on the downside an unhealthy version of either in a marriage would be disaster!!
I've only watched 4 minutes of this talk, but I think Benedict is an INFP. Firstly, he's got that Ne smile going on that INFJs don't get. He doesn't display Fe to me as much as Fi. Fi has...
Aww..hope you don't mean that in a negative context. To some extent, we are happier when we spend time alone. I'm very task orientated. It's a good thing! If I had millions of friends whom I saw...
By definition, you actually have what's called a 'relations of understanding' relationship. If you are an ISTJ you can only have a semi-dual relationship with an ENTP.  ISTJ + ISTJ = relations of...
I REALLY appreciate people who are understanding of my lack of contact. Sometimes it annoys me when they keep sending me messages or calling, and other times I answer the phone and chat/show up and I...
This is familiar. I am a 28 year old medical student..so I know the dramas of being busy and the allure of medicine; how much of your time it takes up!   I will go quiet like this on friends who...
lol, how did you know he was an ISTJ when he was standing at the door?
I'm not sure if I'm the exception to the rule, but I dislike tradition, and have a strong propensity to be unique..maybe it's because I'm an HSP (highly sensitive person) though.
Practically, if you're trying to spot them in the wild, I've noticed from the video threads that INTJs tend to be able to talk for long periods of time. Whereas ISTJs say a little, and then have to...
Hehe. I just checked where you're from; I'm Australian too.   Feel free to chat to me online, or ask me any questions you like!
Spock (seems to be a common theme) Sheldon - Big Bang Theory Arwen - Lord of the Rings Marvin the robot Ariel - The Little Mermaid
What kind of relationship? I assume you're referring to a romantic relationship?  I currently have someone whom I suspect to be an ENFJ friend. We're just starting out as friends. I really like her...
Firstly, lets define cold...(my understanding of it)  Lacking curiosity, lacking outward appearance of excitement or joy. Flat affect. Disinterest in others, more self-contained and...
OR  If you put a cat in a box and leave it there - it will most likely suffocate given this box is air-tight [I'm not advocating this experiment, and I don't think it is ethical], but you don't...
Are you saying yesterday doesn't exist?
I got 75. I'm sure I could type faster if I was listening to a dictation though.
It exists, and always has...that is from my objective experience - and if I wasn't here, or wasn't keeping track of it, it would still exist. I mean, a monkey doesn't keep track of the time, but it...
Me too. I mean, I have people to call, I just would feel weird calling them out of the blue - like I feel like I should have arranged to meet-up prior to me feeling lonely.
Some people believe when you enter into a sexual relationship your souls become tied to one another, and stuff from one soul can enter into another a vice versa. This is referred to as a soul tie....
Hmm...strange then. That is un-ISTJ like. No idea what's going on.
I think if he said he wanted  a second date, he probably does! Maybe there's a situation that's come up that is urgent he needed to attend to, and he forgot to let you know about it.
http://i.imgur.com/AI7Kw.jpg[/QUOTE]  Keeping in mind this is just a silly picture - this might be a dumb question, but what do the sunglasses have to do with having a girl in the house (and..."


3637: 'I'm near-sighted as well and my usual eyeglass prescription is -3.50... the built-in range of the diopter adjustment in the camera only goes from +1 to -3... not quite enough.  I added the Canon -2...
I'm kinda in the same boat with my 70D, too.  I got consistently sharper pics with my T4i (650D for you).  The primary reasons I upgraded were that the T4i just felt too damned small in my big mitts...
That would be nice... but it's what you don't know that you don't know that will REALLY screw with you. :unsure::wink:     Knowns: All well and good... the more the better.  Known Unknowns: ...
I'm an avid reader but it's 100% non-fiction and has been since high school (a LONG time ago).  This is primarily because of two high school English teachers and their if you didn't interpret it...
I agree with everything all my fellow ISTJs have posted, but want to emphasize the importance of understanding that we usually communicate in a very literal fashion and typically say exactly what we...
Couldn't help but think of this... http://theinterviewguys.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/you-like-me.jpg
Thanks!  Latest path projections are shifting westward... up through Atlanta and into western Tennessee, with only tropical storm force winds.  That's good for us here in Charlotte and for our...
SOOOO true for me.  Variety is very overrated!  I'm one who always orders the same thing at specific restaurants... not because I won't try something else, but because I have tried the others and...
Once you get used to multiple monitors, it's very difficult to go back.  For the work I do, I consider my laptop nearly useless if I have to use it with just it's internal display while traveling. ...
It's just about impossible to overstate how immensely popular Elton John was during my high school years ('70-'74), even if the blatant enthusiasm didn't extend to those of us who preferred our music...
712458
Could be an interesting Tuesday around here:  712425  Last time a major hurricane came this far inland was Hugo in 1989... which totally devastated the area, especially trees.  We've got lots of...
Surprisingly popular when it came out in '72... still fun to listen to every now and then...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3R7l7nDuj1o
1978... GREAT debut album... and before I started hating Eddie for taking Valerie away :wink: :laughing:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCwigPhpiXs  ...
I've been hunting for a deal on 27 2540x1440 displays for my personal desktop at home, but they aren't really commodities yet and I can't justify the price.  A single 37-43 4k would cost less......
I'm dying to have one of these:  712202  Dell 43 Quad Monitor  43 4K monitor... four inputs sent to their own 1080p quadrant or any can be popped up full screen.  In my home office, the...
EXACTLY!  I am NOT containing/bottling/suppressing or any other of those bullshit words people like to use.  It's just not normal or healthy for me to effusively display my emotions.  As far as I'm...
Definitely NOT a love song...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4xsjCH1d0I
Officially a 1989 Orbison solo track, but Travelling Wilbury cohorts Tom Petty and Jeff Lynne co-wrote and performed on it.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zDjnDAwmig
A late '80s Pete Townshend project... with a little help from his friends...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=As-SmW0E0cc
Some Moodies...  1970...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IzUtZqe8dM  1971...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoDXzvXxUbc
1970...  This one crossed-over well beyond the '60s Motown crowd  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmRsWdK0PRI
A little '80s power pop...  Crenshaw initially gifted this song to Robert Gordon, who recorded his version in '81 with a bit more of a '50s vibe.  Crenshaw recorded this more pop-ish version...
1974... Peter Gabriel-era Genesis:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pteh5hdZlg  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yUN6CsuVPw  1976... First Genesis album with Phil Collins at the mic: ...
That's one of...possibly THE biggest pet peeve of mine.  People are so damned used to communicating with people who constantly talk in code, doublespeak and innuendo, that they find it difficult to...
Back to some serious music... :wink:  Cut from the project when their abandoned rock opera project Lifehouse was pared down to create the masterpiece album Who's Next, this was first released...
Lightweight stuff for sure, but still fun to hear...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--vPSJjkdgE   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewFBuYHldeY   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRv7EjjwYBI
Another catchy one-hit wonder...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar_saHB60qU
I don't know that I have any in my life... and I don't think I've ever thought badly of the few suspects I've known over the years.  I will say that of all the MBTI dichotomies, J/P differences can...
Is this *WEEK* over yet?  It's been one of THOSE weeks...  definitely looking forward to the three-day holiday weekend!
There's your problem right there! :tongue:  Just kidding... sort of.  :laughing:  Seriously... I've never been able to embrace Apple as a company or their products (the original hard drive based...
Change/newness doesn't ever scare or stress me, but the possibility of losing my existing navigational waypoints does... greatly.  So it's not change in general that bothers me, it's sudden sweeping...
Messrs. Becker & Fagan had a steady stream of albums and FM rock radio play throughout the decade.  I definitely liked their music, but they got a special place in my heart for pushing the recording...
Nice to see you back this morning!
I think that's a great example, and your ISTJ friend was probably caught totally off-guard by her response.  He made an innocent non-judgemental statement of fact and she read something into it it...
1972:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBnSWJHawQQ  I actually like the '71 Three Dog Night cover of this better... but this one from '70 was pretty good, too: ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRDivUb5EeA   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHY4l-YgEtE
The Who - Who's Next The Who - Quadrophenia Bruce Springsteen - Born to Run Nirvana - Nevermind Pink Floyd - Dark Side of the Moon Pink Floyd - The Wall Pink Floyd - Wish You Were Here Jethro...
Alvin Lee and company...  1970:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDXMod6Gu4A  1971:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTUsFm0BAu8
Mr. Zevon, both from 1978...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhSc8qVMjKM  With Linda Ronstadt and Jennifer Warnes on backup vocals...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0iw5Bvn3zA
I certainly wasn't picking on you for posting it!  You've actually got quite a high batting average for posting songs I do like.  Besides, I don't dislike it as much as it was just so played out...
https://youtu.be/ef3mFZzGM4M
Yes indeed... very much what I listened to back in the day...  1971  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fUudna1Xuw  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKftiJS30Cs  1972 - 'Fragile' remains one of...
Grand Funk Railroad sorta straddled the fence between a few genres in the early '70s...  not one of my personal favorites at the time but immensely popular none-the-less.  Several songs have grown on...
Why would an SJ be motivated to respond? Online test results are somewhat dubious at best and, even with an official test results in hand, when an SJ responds with anything higher than 120 many...
Right now we're getting ready to install a 222 diagonal 4K direct view LED tile video wall for a customer in their new showcase multipurpose room.  It originally was same size but 1080p, but they...
I had some clouds near the beginning of the eclipse, but nothing like @HappyCampr1 had in Jacksonville.  Straight from the camera... No cropping or color correction, just a slight exposure...
I think you had to be a bit older than I was to really be a Dead-head, but there are a few GD songs I like (more now than I did then)...  1970:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pafY6sZt0FE ...
Another '70s One-Hit Wonder...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRvY-I9pNpI
'60s Airplane reincarnated as Starship for the '70s...   1974:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmJEIVZo538  1975:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7m8izf-oXY4'"


3643: 'On all 8AM to 5PM jobs I have held, I usually show up around 30 min to 1 hour early to avoid the traffic rush, and enjoy the extra quiet work time before employees arrive.
I rage clean, often when I can't find something, or when the roommates are out of the house.
I do not like Non-Fiction!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tYIaqXAKC0  LOL
I'm tidy with data, mostly due to being IT Support for many years. Thanks to sites like Pandora, all my old music is archived. My personal data is little more than 50MB never deeper than 2 sub...
For you older gamers, Castlevania - Bloody Tears done on the piano   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MM_Q0nfaG0  So many goosebumps :bored:
Same for me. When really drunk, my body just shuts down and puts me to sleep before I ever get to embarrassing levels of drunk.
Here is my favorite short Enneagram test. (The 6w stuff YB mentioned)   Enneagram Test with Instinctual Variant results
Usually I walk faster or slower to prevent this, but still it happens....  42294
I rarely feel stressed, but workload can rapidly change and throw you a twist here and there.  Oh the things I have accomplished working by myself while in crisis mode. :cool:
What are the results of this one?  Personality Test
Dibs on ISFJ!  Bummer our types are not floating above our heads. Google Goggles needs to work on that.
My step mom is an ISFJ, she smiles all the time.
You immediately challenge, debunk or start listing scientific facts when a friend or family member tells you about their bad day at work
How do you know this person (or how are you related to them)? Cousin   What is their career and hobbies? Telecom support Hobbies change quarterly. (Same with me lol)   What goes against the...
Remember to cheat and use sun glasses.
That or re-roll a DH. I'm having an easy time in act 2 inferno at the moment. After 3 mil gold, my Barb is not :(
Just finished the book linked in the OP, awesome read.   I have always been oblivious to body language, my own and others.
Play this song...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipE9QFiWhzQ  At the same time mute and watch this :cool:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GFkN4deuZU
In my freshman year in high school, I was a teachers aid in a science class. While putting equipment away during a test, I came across a big beaker of a clear liquid. Forgetting my science training...
Thanks for this, are there more URLs for the other types? I like this list style a lot. :happy:  Internal re-experiencing and Internal body awareness resonate with me a lot.
My thoughts / stance are: I love to drink, but who really drinks it for the taste? :)  I'm in my mid 30s, so I have some experience I will babble on about. Hope it helps.  Its Bad stuff. First of...
I can only have nightmares if I eat anything chocolate 1 hour before bed. I also often have lucid dreams. It helps to log them each morning when you wake up, if you do that first thing when you wake...
This guy dances like this live, no editing.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXO-jKksQkM
@ChanceyRose Actually that's a great addition, thanks much! It will be interesting to see others data, and see what differences are noted between Intuitive and Sensing. Your description of touch is...
After noticing odd ways I take in data using my 5 senses, I have yet to find common ground with a few of my friends. I wanted to see how many others use their senses in odd ways. (I didnâ€™t post this...
I usually just grab the closest card with the correct theme and that's that.
http://images.icanhascheezburger.com/completestore/2008/9/19/128663437891640260.jpg  It's new hobby time and I'm motivated...... what can I master next?
I can only learn by doing it. Go go (S)Sensing.
I'm an ISTJ and my office and home desk are both cluttered. And I have been very flustered during panic mode because of its disorganization. My desk is a mess but has everything I could ever need...
Yes, I also hate moving to a different area/house. I have strict requirements, it just took me 3 months to find a place to rent that fit my requirements.   I also hate little changes to the...
No plans to do anything other than decide to give out candy to the kids (We only get 1-2 small groups each year) or turn off all the lights and pretend no ones home.
Where is Niss? He answers this stuff easily. :p  I sure hope I'm not like that if I have kids. I understand, OP. I have tried to show others how to solve problems, but it doesn't work like that....
I feel you OP, I stopped going to community college after less than 2 semesters also.  Then again, I feel college degrees are useless compared to experience. One should get out and get the...
Not sure what your looking for exactly. I have been doing the same thing for 14 years, and same job now for 6 years and loving it still. Yes, I'm the mean IT guy at work. LOL, its fun to be an...
This is by far my favorite!
I got 42. I knew a lot about empathy before discovering MBTI.
@MBTI Enthusiast   My 8 is a 2!  Anyway     Type One:     44  Type Two:    22  Type Three:  18  Type Four:    16
Simba Your profile gender is listed as female FYI!   Back to ISTJ stuff, how does this relate to you? Portrait of an ISTJ
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swQi4CAzmrA  I love this song. Anyway... this is how I answer my door on Sunday mornings.
When he makes that comment, just smile at him and roll with it. Your dad will change subjects to nag about when your older. Trust me!
K.  I agree with you, MMO gaming and internet meme's tought me that, a simple K responce is meant as a minimal response to offend.
Reminds me of my Sociology class in community college, 3 hours of lecture, and very boring, all on a subject I didn't care about.   I can only recommend, studying for your other classes during that...
Other than an anxious, or empty mood the day after a rare Saturday of binge drinking, I am never depressed. I came to this conclusion after reading all known symptoms. I'm in my mid 30s, so maybe...
The only writing I have done in the last 13 years is writing a check each month. Its actually getting harder to do. Notepad.exe is my friend... I'm always in-front of a PC :)  If I do write, its...
All I can add to this thread.... to easily move things along, you would have to ask me out.
This Allstate ad cracks me up. They are as good as the late 90's budget rent a car ad's. Blind Spot  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndHOmYCMaXQ   Any my favorite Budget Rent a Car ad ever...
-Construction, framing houses. Tried this with my best friend who did it for a living. I quit after 2 months and went to community college. -Staples, Retail Electronics -PC Support job 1 4 years...
After much reading and a few more tests, 5w6 every time lol.
Introverted (I) 81.82% Extroverted (E) 18.18% Sensing (S) 67.5% Intuitive (N) 32.5% Thinking (T) 79.41% Feeling (F) 20.59% Judging  (J) 65.79% Perceiving (P) 34.21%     ...'"


3711: 'I just typed my ex-wife, who is an ESFP.  Unlike stone though, I would not want to go back to that at all!!!!!!!!!  Itâ€™s fun in the beginning, but lifelong was not the right move.  Now that she has...
See, if you told me that you would see me next Sunday night, during your normal group setting, I would have taken that as a blow off and that you werenx92t interested in me other than a group friend. ...
Weâ€™ve now just passed 3 months.  There have been some valleys trying to help deal with some of the outside stress she has been having, but Iâ€™ve tried to be very supportive with her, offer advice...
That makes me happy.  She makes me feel warm and fuzzy all the time.    Yeah, I think Ix92m good at giving her verbal appreciation/affection.  Ix92ll have to remember that, even though I donx92t need...
Now that's funny!     I wonder why I will kill you all is not finding love.  Scaring them away perhaps?
I did say loosely borrowed :wink:
For me what would work is simply asking me in a sincere sweet manner.  Tell me how you feel about me.  Tell me what you are interested in and that you're unsure of how I feel, etc.  Tell him that...
If he asked to see you again, then I would say that shows a strong sign of interest.  I would be kind of taken back though if I asked that and you said you were busy the next few days, because I...
I love music!  To loosely borrow from somebody Music is the soundtrack to my life.  I've been into Hip-Hop since it's infancy almost 30 years ago.  When I'm with women or just feeling the mood,...
:happy:...Yeah, she makes me very happy
Just meaning, that I haven't dug deep into the MBTI to totally understand the differences between the letters.  I have a surface layer understanding of the differences between I vs E, N vs S, etc.
OK, so we're a couple weeks behind you,and like you, it was pretty much exclusive from the start.  However, I met her around the same time I met someone else, but I was quickly drawn to her and knew...
I wouldn't feel comfortable going into specifics, so we'll just say legal troubles.  * When did your relationship start?  Ours was on 2/22 (nice and easy to remember).
OK - Giving (or receiving) compliments is not my strong suit, but I see that I will need to do that.  I think I'm fairly communicative on showing my appreciation and/or communicating what she does...
I made this thread a couple days ago, but I'm not seeing it so let me try again.  Anyways, I'm a male ISTJ and I've been in a relationship with a female ISFJ for about 3 months now. Everything is...
It's half empty damn it!
http://personalitycafe.com/image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAASYAAABbCAIAAABRbb8mAAAGB0lEQVR4nO2d3ZmjMAwAaYh2KIZeXEpKSQtXwz0kYFmWgewGC7QzL8fmx3EsDbbzgW74BwAdGbw7APC3QDmArqAcQFdQDqArKAfQFZQD6ArK...
Sorry, been off the board for quite awhile (working 65-70hrs a week).  Just took the variant test...not sure what these results are supposed to mean or if this is what you (MBTI Enthusiast) ...
Yeah, you're right...that's much worse.  I feel ill even thinking about them.
Listening to Music ---- Organizing my music, rating every song, album artist ---- Fixing all the metadata  Watching TV ----- Sitcoms, Legal Dramas ----- Typically despise reality shows, but...
You are a lot nicer to me then I am.  I have high goals for myself, so I get upset when I miss one, or more likely several days of studying because I turn on the TV or veg out when I come home from...
I share some similarities with you.  I really try to work ahead so that as I'm absorbing the material, I have time to go through it slowly and thoroughly.  Unfortunately I have fallen behind every...
I've been struggling with the work/life balance for awhile and would love to hear others' opinions.    As an IxTJ, I constantly have a list of things that need to be done, a pretty much never...
I thought I was the only one who did that, I actually store my off season clothes in boxes above my closet.
Done.  Now I just have to find the option to have all your comments automatically blacked out...damn can't find it.  Looks like we need a new feature added to the website.
This is pretty much my exact thoughts also.  Also arriving 5 minutes early is on time, arriving on time is late, and arrive late is ridiculous and inexcusable.  For school I hate being late because...
Got a 105...I was really high on five out of the first six and then it went down fast on the next four.  Unlike Yardiff I did give myself several tens, so my score could be even lower if I used his...
Now what ?!...seriously?  If you want to waste your time going to threads that you don't have an interest in and piss on everyone's heads to go for it.  Maybe we should all go to the threads that we...
I also bcc'd the professor to put him in the loop though I don't think we'll get an extension...there are many groups with missing members and we still have a week.
I decided to go with the two email approach.  The one I just sent was the sorry you're in the hospital, are you ok.  Hopefully he'll respond with some type of direction of what's happening.  If he...
Don't fucking read the thread then.
This is funny because my lack of empathy is exactly why I came to Per-C today.  I need help figuring out how to broach a situation.  I have been assigned the group leader position by a teacher in...
19 --- Looks like I'm right in the trend line with ISTJ's.
As an IxTJ I guess it makes sense that I go back and forth.  Most of me believes that there is no God and for the most part that is pretty consistent.  I have some times that will entertain the idea...
Just ran across this post when I did a google search on IxTJ.  Glad to see there's a couple others out there.  I just watched today's BBT and I might have to agree with the Sheldon example. ...
Amen to all of that.  It's so hard to be out in the public and having to fake giving an f*** about that crap.  I used to be a customer service lead and had to listen to people whine for 8 hours a...
State of...crazy, me too.  I'm down in Kent, where u at?
I don't really like gifts in general but I hate the idea of a gift card or money. I don't like the societal norm that gifts need to be given by these people to those people at this time because we...
Thanks guys.  I'm enjoying this site.  It appears much more active than the previous site I was perusing.
Maybe it's more of being a male IxTJ that has little interest in updating Facebook statuses.  My thought process is if it's not life altering (new job, GF, grades, etc.) then why would someone want...
What pisses me off?  That list could be so long.  We'll start off with:  * I'm pissed off at myself because I'm playing around on this forum when I was supposed to be studying * My damn Vehicle...
I try to eat proportionally, but that has been a losing effort for too long. When I'm sticking to my schedule, I can be disciplined in my eating, but anything throws off the schedule, I use it as an...
Not knowing how to format correctly in a damn post
Taxes.   Taxes on taxes. Red light cameras People saying I'm being controlling when I don't want to do what they want to do. Death Taxes Gift Taxes Gambling Taxes Raising property taxes...
I don't try to shove my idea of a good time off on you, so either pay me the same courtesy or $*%@ off  Ahhh, I love the anger of the last few posts...I feel so at home.
Never heard of this test before today...took it though --- C
As an IxTJ I like Facebook but at the same time I don't use it much.  I like it for the fact that I can semi stay in contact with people that would easily drift away because we'd never call each...
As an ISTJ male, what types of females have you had/have that make the best relationships?  Are there types that you would typically avoid?  I don't have the whole type thing down, but the overall...
What to say here...hmm, I don't know.  I'm winging it without checking out a ton of examples from other people, so I don't have anything to base my post on.  Oh well.  A little about me.  I live...'"


3728: 'Wow, you guys are awesome.  That's a great starting point for me.  Thanks so much!
Hi there, kind and generous INFJs!  I'm in search of some tips and advice - I'm a young ISTJ guy currently pursuing a young woman who's confided in me that she is, in fact, an INFJ.   Some...
3. I tend to get focused on one specific train of thought and follow it at the expense of everything else.     Yes. I regularly forget where I put things simply because I don't pay attention when...
Nah. As a 21 year old male who just finished college, pop culture moves too fast for anyone to really understand. The people who seem like they understand are just better at pretending than everyone...
As an ISTJ, I'll be the first to admit I do this sometimes. I can definitely see one (or myself) acting something like this on camera.  Edit: ...Well, not to that degree. Man, she's kinda nuts. Haha
Being an interesting person is about 99% the way you go about life and 1% type. I know quite a few ISTJs in real life and some of them are hilarious people who are fun to be around, while others are...
I agree with this. I'd say my INTJ dad thinks like A+B...(yadda yadda yadda)...+F=G while I'm more prone to go through all of the steps (A+B+C+D+E+F=G). INTJs like to extrapolate on limited data...
2 things:  1) I think opinionated people are attractive when they combine their information and intelligence with an equal amount of tact and respect for others. There's not much more attractive to...
I tend to try and come up with an explanatory narrative for the failed relationship that makes sense to me (i.e. Why didn't it work out?). Then I use that analysis to help me make whatever personal...
Ha, I'm just glad this thread has been helpful for people. I don't mind in the slightest where this gets moved or if it doesn't get moved. Seems like it needs some serious editing to be an article...
Given that you don't mention getting the feeling that he's giving you trouble in sort of teasing way, I'm not sure what to think. The IM consistency is especially strange - I don't really see an ISTJ...
I just wanted to stop in because... *feeling famous* :ninja: :laughing:  Haha, but in all seriousness...If there's any way I can help, let me know. It seems like there's a lot of very good advice...
That's me around attractive girls. But it works out alright because I get the you're adorable feedback. Devious, you say?   :ninja:
Gentleman's right. He could be assuming you're just a really nice person who does that sort of thing for everyone. That wouldn't be my own conclusion, probably...but guys can be pretty oblivious. I...
Haha, most of this was a brain dump from about a year ago, but I'm glad it's been helpful to so many people.  Sure...ask away - I'll answer as time allows. :happy:
So we like to make plans while thinking only about the present? :wink:  It's worded fine. You could leave him to plan the outing; if he's really busy however, he may push it to the side in favor of...
I don't really know but my hunch would be that he's doing it for you. Or he might just forget and leave it on all the time (That's me. Haha). If you really want to know, just ask him - Awesome..the...
It would probably at least make him smile - I've just heard the joke too many times. Also, it's a bit impersonal...as in, humor is great, but it works better in contexts where it's an inside joke - a...
Handwriting is the only way...
Couple things:   Yes, this would be an issue for me. I wouldn't be that comfortable with beginning a relationship right as I head away on an extended time away. LDRs are very difficult to maintain...
Me too, to be perfectly honest. Personally, I think you've done plenty. If a guy is too passive to make a move when a girl is making herself clearly available, he's not ready, not interested, or is...
These aren't examples of friendly teasing. These are examples of insensitive bullying. My mother used to say, It's only a joke if everyone is laughing. I think that holds true. Of course, sometimes...
He will. You'll get the un-airbrushed truth. And he'll blush deep-red while delivering it to you. If that appeals to you, by all means. It won't hurt your chances with him - it might embarrass both...
I'd look at the context and the tense he used to say too busy. Did he say he has been too busy? If so, don't worry a bit about it - that's just a canned excuse for being single in the past(which...
Do you know why you aren't interested? Cause she's going to want to know. Whether she asks or not, there is always that what's wrong with me? thing that circles in your brain as a girl. I wouldn't...
Is there a gentle way to let down an ISFJ girl who's made it clear to me in her own quiet and kind way (implicitly, not explicitly) that she doesn't look at me as just a friend? My dilemma: if I'm...
I dish it, take it, dish it back. Don't think this has much to do with type - more, whether or not the person is accustomed to friendly teasing growing up. If not, they might take it as a sort of...
On a side note, if it doesn't work out.... :blushed: :laughing:  I kid, I kid. You sound like a very caring and considerate woman. Your ISTJ is a lucky man. Keep up the good work!
I think it's a bit of a two-sided coin for us - we're either completely opaque about our problems, or we're extremely direct. It can be a bit of a shock to people when it's the latter, but that's...
Yeah - the 'friend zone' might be the death zone for other types - for us, think of it as our 'comfort zone.' We don't tend to date outside the comfort zone unless we're desperate or Cupid is on the...
One might say this is also true for certain non-religious people as they often place significant trust in scientific naturalism (which is basically metaphysics meets science, absent observational...
Absolutely this:     Beyond that, it depends on the stress - if it's work related, I put all my time and energy into making the cause of that stress go away (i.e. a task that needs to be...
I want to say this in the nicest way possible, but this is something you should absolutely talk to him about. You (especially him) both need to learn to communicate with each other - all...
Not sure I can help you understand him, but one thing to keep in mind is that ISTJs tend to look for clarity in relationships. Personally, I get the feeling he's changed his mind about you about 3-4...
I think an ISTJ would be driven to resolve the issue in one of two directions - stabilize the relationship (talk about the issue, see a counselor, etc...fix the issue), or break it off. One of our...
Honestly, I have virtually no idea - this doesn't sound much like ISTJ behavior to me. How does your friend feel about him? It could be that there's somewhat of a relationship imbalance where one...
Eh...I doubt it. We ISTJ guys aren't the flighty/whimsically-flirtatious type who run off with every girl who shows direct interest. If he likes you, he's not going anywhere - he just may take...
In defense of accounting, most standardized systems are arbitrary to some degree. Someone has to make up and set rules for everyone to follow in order for any system to work. Same with languages - at...
Political Science and Economics. My interests lie in politics, philosophy, religion and history.   Personally, I think econ is a great major for ISTJs - generally stable job prospects utilizing a...
Hmmm...I can identify with this to some degree - I like INTJs. They don't tend to overreact to things, aren't prone to gossiping, and generally are good at giving advice...the differences between S/N...
Wow. Just wanted to say I thought this was an absolutely fantastic answer,   Daniel_James_Maher    Hi Sydney, I don't have time to respond to all your questions comprehensively (and I think Daniel...
Exactly this! Listen up, non-ISTJs. :happy:
A woman who shares my beliefs and values, who is kind/respectful to others--a woman with a cheerful attitude, an eager laugh, and an ever-ready smile. :happy:
How do you view and handle theory?  I love playing around with different ideas and spotting trends, formulating hypotheses about things, etc. Largely, this is one of the reasons I've enjoyed...
If it's small, appropriate, and doesn't happen that often, it'd strike me as very thoughtful. Otherwise, I just don't like feeling indebted to people. I enjoy giving, but receiving often makes me...
Pretty much all I have to say is in the first post of the thread in my signature.
Yes, but less now than when I was younger. The length of my attention span and my ability to focus on something without being distracted has definitely been one of my strongest gifts as well--that...
Ha, anyone who's read my long-winded, often semi-pointless essays on here knows the answer to this question. :unsure: :laughing:  I also have a blog and like to write opinion pieces on various...
My explanation would be that it's due to the common misinterpretation of introversion--that introverts don't like being around other people. Unhealthy extroverts often have just as much difficulty...
Ballast hit it on the head. That's not ISTJ behavior--that's immature behavior. You'll be best served by moving on. Anyone who uses emotional manipulation like threatening to break up with you over...'"


3739: 'I don't mess with people's minds, but I'm not above playing the odd practical joke, as long as it is harmless and all in fun.  And I do the dry humour thing.  Basically, ISTJ people can be FUN!...
Not dogs, but I am definitely like that with cats, I have two cats.
I don't order burgers, but I do sometimes like to make my own from beef mince and various other ingredients.  I always eat with a knife and fork unless I'm eating a non knife and fork food such as...
You are to us ISTJ's ! :wink:
however, I was marked wrong based on the professor's intuitive ideas about the answer. Appealing this exam will make the difference in my grade... ANY advice would be helpful  ISTJs don't follow...
Sounds great, I could do with  a job as i am unemployed. How do I go about applying for the position of Battlestar Commander?? What are the terms, conditions and benefits?? Company car (or...
Not autistic, because someone who is autistic cannot learn to overcome their problems.  What you are describing sounds very familliar to me as I used to be like that as a young man. However, unlike...
Sorry, but UGH, I don't like piercings! And I don't see the point in tatoos!  Just personal preference but I will never get any piercings or Tattoos.
I have friends to do with various parts of my life. For example, friends from where I used to work. Friends to do with my music/ band activities, friends in the classic car club that I'm a member of....
You have to be joking?? or Trolling.  The problem is YOU not your ISTJ house mate:-  Most people are intimidated by me and quickly yield in fear of my dominating tendencies, obsession with...
In the early episodes of the original series, Spock was most definitely ISTJ, albeit an extreem one! Allegedly, later on he became INTJ, but I have yet to see this and if so, this is a product of...
As well as some of the things mentioned above.... Boosts to my self esteem come from things I achieve and am successful in -usually through my hard work and determination. One small example, I took...
I never liked Disney films or any kids films. As a child during the 1970's I was very interested in the war, particularly WWII and I always wanted to stay up and watch war films.  So that would...
Don;t worry, I'm not being up tight, in fact i think the OP was being serious and i was just joking with you with my post.  My SO is also an SJ and a lot of trouble!  have you seen how Spock...
 But I've decided that I won't pursue Accounting as a career...only as a back up if entrepreneurship/traveling/teaching abroad doesn't work out.   Good plan, BTW I only half thought you were...
AS the OP was only half joking/ half trolling, I have only half reported them to the moderators.
I don't have any ne hidden away. I read about the E the I the S the N the T the F the J and the P and concluded I am lucky to have the best combination.  I cannot see the practical application of...
If the OP is trolling then they should be banned. What evidence do you have for this transgression of forum ettiquette?? Should we report them to the moderators??  Being an SJ can be a great thing...
If it don't fit don't force it! You are trying to be something you are not and it won't work long term, a sure recipe for unhappiness.  I am an ISTJ and I hate accountancy. I did actually work as...
Same here, a necessary evil. I can do it but don't like accountancy.
Not necessarily true- I worked as a trainee accountant for two years and absolutely hated it!
Love it! I'm a big cat fan, have two of them. They feed my introverted F side. And I feed them.  Just wanted to say your new avatar mad me chuckle! Nice one... :laughing: It is a LOL cats I...
good! Sounds like you have an answer. A couple of observations:-  I don't know if this is an ISTJ trait, but I absolutely hate being put under pressure where relationships are concerned, it is the...
He has said pretty much exactly what I have said-  Just concentrate on your studies and stay in contact but lay off the pressure. At the right point in the future (as I have said) he may be open to...
I agree! All this politically correct bullying/nit picking is a pet hate of mine.  From my experience, ISTJ- ISTJ would lose interest in each other/ be a bit freaked out and not be sure why!
As you've both been dating other people, this is not good for getting back into a relationship with an ISTJ as we do not like grey areas. We value loyalty in relationships.  I think the best thing...
Hello Skitzabeth, there is always hope, however, you cannot change the mind of an ISTJ with your logic, once he has made his mind up he cannot be swayed by arguments. He has to want to get back in a...
I think Niss was trying to communicate that female ISTJ's can seem irrational to male ISTJ's because being female they are naturally more intuitive and feeling than a male ISTJ. I believe it is to do...
I did this test, but I don't fully understand the results to my satisfaction.   What, for example is the difference between an introverted and extroverted function? Why, when I have 10% intuition...
No, it is not possible to type someone unless they take a personality test. And someone's star sign and whether they are religious or not has no bearing on anything.   True Aquarian star sign -...
I just knew his car would be a Porsche! A very ISTJ luxury/performance car to own. I love them, I have a Porsche myself but it is a twenty year old model that I am restoring. But I am not a...
a resting pulse of 66 bpm for my age is above average to good fitness! Which I'm pleased about as I definitely don't do enough excercise. Must be redisual fitness from when I used to do a lot of...
Yes, i agree with the comments that he is going to have to help himself. And being an ISTJ, what is going to help him the most is practical down to earth steps.  Getting  a new job is a great but...
If you can, have a quiet word with your supervisors manager, without your supervisor knowing. He will get reprimanded for breaking the rules and as he has told others (those involved) he will not be...
LOL!  At least the original poster is polite, that is a plus point when trying to impress an ISTJ.  Yes, I agree, intelligence is attractive.
Don't need to be robotic about it, just let them know you are not going to take any crap. At the point the salesman has started to get aggressive, I know then I don't want to buy from him, so another...
You like us because...... we're good at keeping you guessing!:wink:
As for me getting nervous, I have had plenty of practise of turning nerves - stage nerves- to my advantage from playing many live bands over the years. To the extent that my mind is now sharpened by...
Just ask her if she'd like a piece of your sausage  No, the way to deal with this type of situation is to think afterwards what you would have said. Then after a while of imagining these witty...
I've always been interested in cars. In my case a man and his five machines!!!:crazy: Looks like you Niss are the only one interested so I will PM you some details and spare boring everyone else.
Thanks, I think I might start a seperate thread, if I post here folk might think that I consider the car my SO! :blushed:
Nobody stole my heart as last time I checked I have a resting pulse of 66bpm, and I am still alive so I can be confident that I still have it.:wink::wink::crazy:
Person's gender is directly underneath their avatar on the panel on the left.
10w30 isnt that used in aircooled VW's?? I will post something about my restoration projects- maybe of limited interest to most here, so I will send you some stuff by PM if you would prefer. ...
I don't think there is such a thing as destiny.  We make our own destiny. Yes, after a relationship has ended it is sad and you miss the other person and the things you used to do with them in the...
That is the least of the problems with that film! Actually that film is not as bad factually and historically as some I can think of, but it is the unlikely story of poor artist seducing rich high...
Yes, I even do this in supposedly factual programs on the TV, so I only ever watch documentaries and motoring programs.  I recently saw a series of documentaries on the SAS, including very good...
Thanks everyone! Some great comments. i can see that spotting every error in every film is an ISTJ trait. Maybe Hollywood could do with employing us as continuity experts. By the way, i can usually...
I still have a lot  of REALLY OLD T-SHIRTS from rock band gigs from years ago.:crazy: My girlfriend is trying to get me to throw them away:wink: It is too expensive to go and see a gig now, over Â£100...
I have some unusual ISTJ traits and when it comes to buying something I come across as a bit more ESTJ. So yes, I like to get money off something or on the other hand see how cheeky I can get with...'"


3747: 'Nope. You're not alone. I'm a singer and I love reading and writing fiction and listening to sad, deep music that I can get lost in and feel deep emotions with. I was a Humanities major in college as...
Double post.
1)Integrity (which seems to encapsulate my other important values like honesty, fairness, being non-jugmental, etc.) 2) Passion for learning/knowledge
Physics and Chemistry (if I put extreme amounts of effort into chem, I could do pretty well, but not physics. Math that I understood by itself suddenly didn't make sense to me in a physics context,...
FLAKY PEOPLE. I really cannot stand people who you can't depend on, rely on, or trust to be there for you, especially if you've been there so completely for them. It just isn't fair, especially when...
It does bother me, because it's not true. If ISTJs are so boring, how do any of us have friends? Why does society get to dictate what fun is? Sure, an individual may be boring, but to cast a...
Hmm, I like fantasy, or realistic fiction with unrealistic twists. I also like thrillers. I like fiction where I learn a lot because its heavy on the facts and diverse vocab: Series of Unfortunate...
Keep up the good work!   Ah, 13. Things were peachy until late teenagehood. Then the bleak reality of adulthood hit.
Depends how you look at it. It's all relative. What age group, region, etc. an ISTJ falls into is important. Growing up ISTJ, a supposed conformist, I sure felt like an oddball a lot of the time in...
For me, liking tradition is me being loyal to the past. You can like tradition without being traditional, which is why it bothers me when this trait of ISTJs is painted in a bad close-minded light....
Over the years.....     Have you become gentler or harsher in your expectations?  I've become gentler. As a kid, I knew how things were supposed to be done, but I did not yet understand how...
Likes: -kind-heartedness -honesty -loyalty -non-judgmental  -dependable -pure-heart -creativity -deepness -intellectualism
Yes, I avoid conflict, often like the plague. I am more likely to inconvenience myself and be the bigger person than I am to start a problem with someone or open a can of worms. But if they ask me...
Sometimes, because it is hard for me to be overtly confrontational (might be a 1w9 thing). It's like, if I'm the  only one doing most of the cleaning in my suite, I'm not going to tell my suite-mates...
Soup: chicken/tomato broth, peas/carrots/potatoes for vegetables, chicken/tofu for protein, spaghetti for noodles, and lots of different spices for Asian/American taste.
I definitely enjoy those sorts of movies. They make you think. Romantic comedies and action movies on the other hand...bleh. Other genres I enjoy are dramas and suspense. I enjoy those kinds of books...
I posted this recently in the Ask an ISTJ thread. I thought it'd fit here too.  A long-winded Si description.    This has been my experience with completely new things, too. I have to...
Sort of, but I don't always get the out of body thing. (Although it does happen in a hyper-aware state I'll describe below).  A long-winded Si description.    This has been my experience with...
I guess both names are accurate, but I think they can have slightly negative connotations unlike the other types. For example, The Duty Fulfillers can make it seem like we live just to fulfill the...
Hmm, to me, Simon was one of the characters with the most common sense (excluding the rat incident). He was very logical and not hotheaded like the others. His logicality even made him seem like a...
Simon?! Why? He was actually my favorite character. Clary on the other hand....
I know I promised and signed the contract and everything, but, eh, I just don't feel like following through anymore. I hope that's okay!
That's pretty much how my experience went down. Basically, I wrote him a short letter detailing the things about our friendship I was having trouble with (so they could be fixed; not as a means to...
4 then 2.
Not an INFP, but I'll chime in. I've been writing creatively for seven years now (novels). I'm no expert, but I've picked up some things along the way, and I enjoy it, so here goes:  1)The key to...
Some people seem to think that we ISTJs write off anything artsy and creative as foreign, impractical, and therefore not worth our time (if we even had a creative bone in our body to begin with)....
Not really. When people ask me something, I either know it or I don't, and I say so immediately, even if it's an opinion question. If I have to think a little longer, people have been pretty...
I'm your age, and I guess we developed he same procrastination problem. Sigh. Part of it is I don't have the tolerance for busy work I used to. Unless an assignment is actually helpful and...
When you procrastinate on everything like there's no tomorrow--or rather like there's always tomorrow.   I caught senioritis my senior year of high school. I'm more than halfway done with college,...
ideal you 

 real you 

      Introversion 



 43%
The last time shex92d been called out on her accent had been her second week in New York.
When at a Memorial Day barbecue, you find yourself alone inside and debate whether you should break out your laptop and write some more of your novel or whether you should get back out there and...
Are you SURE he's an ISTJ? Doesn't sound like one to me. The thing that struck me was him threatening to break up with you at every little thing. Commitment for ISTJs is huge, and I could never see...
I also seem to be highly attuned to change. I walked into my dorm building after winter break, and I was the first one to notice they'd installed new light bulbs in the halls because things were just...
How do you view and handle theory?  I have no problem with theory that is well-founded and fairly clear-cut. Things like the theory of evolution, music theory, the Big Bang, etc. are no problem....
Here's an ISTJ who loves creative writing! It's one of my passions, and I've been writing stories since middle school. Reading is another love of mine. To me, reading and writing  (especially...
Like you, I'm a gardener. When I start a novel, I've usually picked out two protagonists, their characteristics, and a setting. It can literally be as crude as selfish eighteen-year-old Jane and...
For me, it helps to become well-versed in whatever art I'm trying to create. I don't mean reading self-help books or trying to exactly follow a step-by-step procedure. One of my favorite creative...
Sorry for misquoting or misunderstanding you, and thanks for clearing some of your points up. Most of my response was to this:    That just seemed like a generalization at the time, so I thought...
The majority of my favorite songs are probably from the late 70s to mid 00s. However, I love the Oldies (yeah, that 50s and 60s stuff, doo wop, and all), but it has nothing to do with me thinking...
I'm usually punctual, if not early. When I'm late, it's because I know I can get away with it (like with a professor who is chronically late, or with an informal 'drop by when you will' study...
I can be pretty lazy as well. It might be a 1w9 thing?
Elsa from Frozen. I promise I'm not trying to be cheesy, but I've really had to learn how to let it go, and her reservedness over all that passion is something I see in myself sometimes.   There...
What courses are you finding difficult because of the intuition they require? I'm also a college student, and I recently took a little quiz I saw somewhere on the forums that rates your intuition. I...
Hmm, even when I think I'm not being an ISTJ, I'm being an ISTJ. I thought it was just laziness, but I guess practical/justified laziness is okay!
When I go on a vacation and choose to live out of my suitcase instead of unpacking.
Finally saw the original Psycho last week. Before that, Frozen.
Maybe, but I've read my share of books where the protagonist is seemingly heartless because of a tough life, but at least they were relatable or grew as a person by the end of it. Katniss just seemed...
Katniss Everdeen: so heartless, illogical, and clueless. Jennifer Lawrence made her seem much more likable in the movies. The only movie I think is worlds better than the books.  Maybe hate is too...
Skunk.'"


3781: 'My outfits are generally what some would classify as hipster. I like skinny jeans and V-necks. I also wear very light weight hoodies (the cotton kind. The kind you'd wear in early autumn). My hair...
I actually feel the opposite. I feel that, because the person lives so far away, I can say just about anything I want. I'll never see that person, so why not vent all your frustrations? It's actually...
I would see a guy working at a grocery store, because I don't go out much.  Probably not, because I don't tend to give enough personal information to customers for them to want to be my friend. ...
It's also useful when you're helping somebody else. As an example, a friend was interested in this guy, but he needed time to think. She came to me for help. I had her explain to me exactly what...
I don't readily accept compliments, but I like when people compliment me on my work rather than me personally. I don't particularly like when people say something about me looking handsome or how...
Pen and print.
This is a touchy subject. A common misunderstanding is that we don't have feelings. We do. We just suppress them. We (as ISTJ's) find them rather useless when dealing with most issues when we can use...
You can't. End of story.
Set One:  1: How old are you? 20  2: What was your favorite subject in grammar school? I was a fan of science and math. Still am, actually.  3: What did you want to be when you grew up? I...
To answer the first post: I believe it's a feeling of apathy. They'll never see you again, nor you them. There is no penalty as far as they're concerned for being gross, rude, what have you.
Only when I'm at work. My natural face seems like a faint scowl, so I have to avoid that when I'm dealing with people.
I just thought of something while reading these replies. If I'm having an argument or conversation with somebody, I hate it when I'm interrupted. I have no problem waiting my turn to talk. Waiting...
It's not that you have nothing to say. It's that you have nothing you find worth saying. We don't place much importance in small talk, because it's just that.
Dear Extroverts,   I don't understand your need to make a scene out of things. Not everything has to be an ordeal. Outgoing is a nice quality, but unruly is rather unattractive.  Sinceriously, A...
We do things in a logical and incredibly efficient manner. It's actually the opposite of what you're thinking. We don't break our backs to complete a simple task. The bulb went out? Light a candle....
Boring? Possibly. Dependable? You'd better fucking believe it.
I'm not particularly interested in stuff, but thing gets me sometimes.  On a more serious note, disinterest is a dominant feature in my personality. It's rather funny because some women see this as...
I have never in my life read something more accurate.
Yes. This.
I actually hadn't thought about community services. And I apologize for singling out. I merely forgot what other religious gathering locations were called. My bad.
I have two questions for whoever can answer them. 1. Why even bother having churches? Why do you need a place to gather to praise and worship whatever god(s) you believe in? And 2. Why is it that...
I got my boy Krispy Kreme stuck in my head  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loIUe0iCHBE
I forgot about this! I love My Neighbor Totoro. I think my personal favorite is Howl's Moving Castle. I wasn't a huge fan of Ponyo though.
519795198051981
If by 'chivalry' you mean being generous and courteous, then... I honestly have no idea what that has to do with Europe. Or why that's a bad thing.  I'm just going to go to the moon now. If anyone...
Yeah, it sucks. The worst part is that not everyone in the world understands that some of us out there are introverts either, so there is a lot of misunderstanding. Everyone assumes I'm cold and...
This exactly. I like who I am. If I was any other way, I wouldn't be me. I love that I'm an introvert, especially.
I actually thought it was some level of the third point you made. I appreciate your input.
I try not to drop friends, as friends are not easily made. Not with me, at least. I am like the blood type O. I mix well with others, but it takes a specific kind of person to surpass the Casual...
- What Genres do you like to play/release stress playing? I like shooters and RPG's - Favorite Games recently? Dishonored - Most nostalgic game? EDIT: Starcraft. That shit brings me back. So...
I'm not trying to prove or disprove anything. I just want to know what you all believe in.
Sorry. I forgot to add this to my post earlier. Another aspect of being an INTP that I'm still really connected to is their insatiable need to know why. I always ask why. I need to know why...
I really appreciate your insight. Of anyone I've ever talked to about this, you have given me the most complete answer. My biggest problem with organized religion is the fact that there are just so...
This thread will result in a powder keg only if hateful, close minded people post negatively towards others. It will become a powder keg if people make it that way. I'm only asking people what...
Absolutely! If you come up with any more questions, don't hesitate to ask. I'll throw my 2 cents in. :)
Sorry. I was tired and a bit angry. I also, personally, despise alcohol. I think it's pointless and a waste of time. Don't mind me. Haha
They say that INTP's are the intellects. Those that seek knowledge and stimulation of the mind every day. I still feel like I connect with them on that aspect. I want to keep my mind sharp, so I love...
The only problems I have in the workplace are co-workers complaining about me doing my job. I know what I'm doing, and I know the most efficient way to do it. Don't complain about it, don't try to...
I know there are countless factors that play a part in what religion people choose to follow, but I was just curious. What religion have all of you chose? What reasons did you choose it?  Me...
Am I the only one that found this a bit on the offensive side? The word 'cool' take on a new meaning to whomever is saying it. Saying that in order to be cool, you need to ingest some mind altering...
The first time I took the test, it pegged me as an INTP. I thought nothing of it, since it mostly fit. The only thing that was off is the fact that most INTP's are very linguistic. I am not as much...
What really good documentaries have you seen? I've seen one (it's on Netflix) called Pulling John. It's about an arm wrestler. Really cool, actually. Another really good one, which is also on...
You know what they say. Opposites attract :) And I'm glad I revived this thread haha.
All of which I'd prefer to take on alone XD
I was just curious what kind of movies everyone likes. I absolutely love watching documentaries and psychological thrillers. Things that make (and help) you think. I even watched a documentary of the...
I agree with the drama part, however I personally don't like when people help me with projects. At least most projects. I'm a bit of a perfectionist, and it kind of bothers me when someone does...
I never had much trouble in the classes themselves. I always got A's or B's. The trouble for me was in my mind. I didn't (and still don't) know what I want to do (major-wise). I stopped going to...
I actually agree. Being such an introverted person, I just like to have somebody that can bring out the 5% extrovert in me. Someone that can make me laugh and smile after a day of seriousness and...
I couldn't help but giggle at the thought of marijuana paying for the education of children. XD  I completely agree with this though.
I don't mind it. It does describe me well, so I have no qualms.'"


3876: 'just a friendly reminder this music exists   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xz7_3n7xyDg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Sh_VuxYqBY
Watching The Mentalist, I was curious about this series for a while and I do not regret it, it's good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJqk2u15kHw
The last 10 visitor(s) to this page were:    alienambassador,   apoptosaurus,   Archetype,   izebize,   Neo Noumenon,   randomguy,   Razef,
Oh this explains so much... oh well... [/FONT][/SIZE][/FONT][/COLOR]
Just logged it because I need to say something about this part of the text  Afraid I'm too bored to be the accompany. Afraid they think I'm wired. Afraid they think I'm too deep. Afraid of.......
I was with my friend discussing of the personality types of this show, and we were just focusing on Agent Cooper.  We think ( without looking it deeper ) that he might be ENFP ou ENTP. We would...
you deserve it becuase I said so
To everyone beucase just cause and to @AyaSullivan  since she was the one that put me here xD   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ktbhw0v186Q
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDqh-r8TQgs  this is amusing xD
Posting on this thread but at the same time wondering to myself why does the question What are you doing right now? annoys the hell out of me
I feel that Doctor Who needs to take another direction when it comes to plot. It needs to get out of the same pacing that it had all this time. that's what I think
I think we both would make awesome Ideas of how to use ourselfs to make our lifes even easier xD
thanks that really helps
I just lurk both on facebook and PeRC...  Professional Lurker ftw
Since this is all about romantic relationships... what about just friends( since friendships is a kind of relationship )between a male ISTJ and a Female ENFP. I have one right now and It's going...
Long Hugs from girls... but not too long or else it gets awkward...
cake
http://www.explosm.net/db/files/Comics/Rob/eyeboobs.png  dunno why but I think can sum up some of my type of humor, because sometimes I'm really honest about some stuff
http://www.explosm.net/db/files/comicclownwilly1.png
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnos_7GrC9E
what kind of friend do you want? XD because I can be that kind of friend xD
thank you for the correction. I kinda mixed it using the same word but in portuguese
A random thread on the ISTJ forum? cannot compute, too Illogical
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8cmy1aXpWg  as a OST lover...
depends if they are alone or with friends.  If they are with friends, I just stand there for a little while then I go away because I don't want to bother  If they are alone I just go there and...
I am so fun that I bore people to death....
http://youtu.be/ZK8POoP_vZY  its super old but still funny
http://youtu.be/gEJHrmliVQw   just Scrilex
it's not 12:30 its 12:29 could you make a list of the task we do everyday? that works easier for me *laughs then stops laughing* no.. that's not funny at all
If the world was really comming to an end I would just wait and say   YOLO!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWbxW6yByHU  for those into Assasins creed.. must watch. Because THIS will change your mind about the game xD
When I died I want people to try and revive me... with some crazy ass experiments... maybe become a humanoid cyborg that would be cool
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPP5Bvtr2Dg
Welcome I hope you enjoy your stay arround here :3
Well, to me this book is bullcrap, sorry but it is xD. I was with friends at a book store and I saw this piece of wonderfull literature and I've decided to pick it up and read some pages because well...
http://youtu.be/CfA1Da8R2pU  AC is filled with theories...Theories everywhere
I can pull something off about the chat ^^ still it would be fun  Now I'm into AC, trying to finish it correctly and find the plot behind it because its fun that way... besides that I'm not playing...
well some chat maybe Skype or a MSN in a group xD that helps kinda go this fast because just chatting I don't think this is the right place for a thread like this xD.  Anyway Videogames... a lot of...
This thread is interesting if this could have some kind of chat or something xD
thanks ^^ well this is the actual first time that I see people THIS interested about aspergers... man you don't even know how happy this makes me feel xD
Hummmm I have to look it up into that to know a little more about that    Kay thanks ^^     yaay another one!
In a very direct way and most of the times not the real way or the right way, it goes like a normal conversation even saying the most important thing. Normaly I don't show or tell my feelings because...
Thank you     Kinda hard when it comes to feelings and personal relationships. You have a lot of confusions with people since they cannot understand what you have, and when it comes to read...
ohhhh a cute kitty *_* I'll gladly take it
Oh thank you ^^. well I just did because I felt this place kinda had what I wanted to start training this... I mean, its recent that I knew that I had aspergers ( last year ) and it kinda hit me hard...
Lurking more arround here just to get to know the place
on 30th on this month a bundle with the vita and ACL is going to come out I saw on Amazon for the price of 242$+taxes, Maybe I'm going to get that for my birthday xD    Yep, no HL3 for you guys xD
Actualy two of them, because I want to play Liberations too... somehow...    thank you mister Steins;Gate fan ^^'"


3878: My girlfriend tells me I can't take a hint, but I think body sign style ones I can, where as maybe just words/text don't often do it for me.
Physical things I find attractive:  Really could tell you beyond the basic I like tits/ass which is kinda boring, generic and very sexual focused. Face is the thing I notice most and will see the...
I think he just really wanted Ice Cream, much like I do now...... Damn you thread title! Seriously though he took it very literally and told you what he was thinking about. Just flat out talking...
Apparently in Britain the amount of homosexuals was about 2.6% for each sex in 2000... Homosexuality is very uncommon as well?
So massive over use of resources, world hunger and places like China/India where everything is packed to the rafters isn't a problem?
We are Is for a reason, I'd say. I'd think most Ixxx people would not be overly fond of parties.  I myself generally don't bother going to them, as it's just awkward if you don't know at least 75%...
Not saying it's the majority or anything by a long shot. Just saying it's not like everyone is into sex and it's a 1 in 100,000 shot to find someone who isn't into it at all.  We could actually use...
Based on what I read, I'd probably talk to you about it at least, probably try being friends again, but that's just me. The tcting her to not be friends seemed kinda cowardly like someone else...
being asexual and having asexual thoughts isn't that uncommon really, don't let TV/Media/Your feelings fool you into thinking everyone loves sex.
My friends are generally from school and online, and some I'd consider more acquaintances  from work and through those friends.  As for types, I only now my girlfriend is an INFP as is one of my...
That title made me lift an eyebrow and come in here....:shocked:
http://www.myersbriggs.org/graphics/estimated_frequency_table.gif  Interestingly enough the amounts under each type equals up to a total of 100.3%
Not me :p  I think it's more a combo of standards they're not willing to change at all, combined with their current experiences of relationships. Especially those currently single who have had not...
I've always come up as ISTJ, but the percentage can change a bit.. nothing much, and they weren't all the exact same test.
I've definitely gone into depressive doom and gloom mode many a times in he past (all though not so much in recent years).  As for how to handle it, I can't help. I don't even know what I want to...
Oh dear, this is like talking to myself almost.  I have similar stats to you, and my girlfriend is INFP. She tends to get stressed about things too, and sometimes I struggle to be able to help and...
I'm not prepared or planning to be single all my life. (Hell I'm not even single now) Pretty sure the one I'm with now is the one I want to stick with for the rest of life, so it's definitely not...
I get the feeling it means same personality type to same personality type? ie ISTJ-ISTJ? just a quick guess.
I'm very skeptical :tongue:
Surprised to see a lot of doubt on the things, I expected t open this thread and every 2nd post be someone saying they at least thought it was a good chance of being real for most/all of the things...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocODdKK8Kz4
i haven't got all the answers for you, but a few things stood out to me reading your post.  1) You have good looks and therefore can easily get another bf? No offence, but that made you sound quite...
Don't really have any particularly interesting stories about mine, it was fairly ow drama from all I can remember. I'd say I'd give our relationship a 9.
Yeah sorry, was doing too many things at once when I replied to be honest, however life itself isn't actually neutral as it always results in your death.  there's an example of a negative before...
When did 4chan move to PerC?
Cauliflower is awesome as far as vegetables go.
No way is everything neutral.  If I know I'm about to gt punched in the face, it's not neutral. If I know I failed an exam due to seeing a lot of answers in a book after taking it etc, it's not...
Not exactly, but there are some foods I've never had and just never want to go near. Tofu is the best example. I can't ork out why I dislike it so much, and I've never even seen it in person, but I...
Not an INFP but anyway...  Do you remember your first kiss? Yes, it was only about 7/8 months ago  Was it a long passionate kiss or a short peck on the lips? Was pretty full on, laying in bed...
I'm more of a horror and comedy watcher, and I also generally don't like movies that are based on books (see LotR, Harry Potter and Twilight is good examples).
I find it amazing that I either haven't watched, or don't like, any movie listed in this thread.
Programming is the only thing I could say I enjoy studying. However only if it's practical (ie I'm making something from it while learning)
How far ahead do you set your clocks? I set it to be exactly on time.  Which do you prefer digital, analog, or other http://img580.imageshack.us/img580/183/onion097.gif  Digital  Military or...
I just like being logical and factual, by far the best thing ever.
I actually do have a special relationship with them, since I do program. I guess you could say I have a love/hate relationship with them, since when they work I feel satisfied, but all too often I...
Without company:  - Gaming - Movies/TV Shows - Coding  With company (Must be a small amount):  - Poker - Gaming
I'm pretty lazy about work outside of an actual paying job.  At work, I get on with it and get my stuff done as best and fast as I can, but outside of work, if I had some homework from school/uni...
ISTJ Atheist here.
You should both feel in love, but not marriage, for me. I also believe in monogamy very strongly.
Happy new year to all.  I myself had a quite one, as here it's either go out getting drunk with my friends or stay at home. I don't find drunks fun to be around, and I no longer drink so staying at...
I just have to say every time I see this thread title I can't help but read 'exes' as an Executable file.
I have only briefly been here, and in that time I've spent 90% of it in this area.  I did just take a small journey into INFP though, and it's clear they're quite different, just a glance over...
I'm not an INFP, but my girlfriend is, hence me reading this section at the moment, and this topic caught my eye. So I went and found the test you were taking.  I got:  Your result for The Best...
I don't consider myself a pessimist but a realist. I won't paint a pretty picture of something in my head just to feel better about it, I'll look at it for what it is, even if that often means it's...
To guys : Does it matter if your significant other is older or taller than you?  While I've only dated girls younger than me, I don't think it'd be a problem if they were older. As for taller I...
I don't really do good at escaping, I do play games a bit and surf the web a lot, but it's not really for escapism and even if it was it sure as hell doesn't work. If I have a problem it's generally...
Current Mood: In Love  And because I am :proud:
Generally I look for dark colours, especially black. Though I did bring a bit of colour to my look by getting red and white shoelaces (thanks to my gf finding me some) and putting them in my very...
1. Not really, but to a small extent.  2. No, it took time, and was depressing for some time generally, but overtime I spoke with them less and moved on."


3886: 'Greek yogurt with honey drizzled over the top and black coffee.
Dear ENFP husband,  Thank you for doing a job to help around the house. Could you please stop telling me what you did and how it felt to experience such household drudgery. Thank you from the...
Some former bosses have let me down and kept piling it on but the problem was I was still alive so I had to quit.
Back when I used to date if I could tell a guy was lazy I wouldn't give him a second look. I didn't like control freaks or guys who started behaving like I was a possession. I would break up with...
If you want to sell something you create then it can't be too different or too much your very own or it is possible noone will be able to identify with or want to own it. Knowing what will sell...
I identify with having practical reasons for my art. When I was working on the old town picture and placing my Dad as the shoe shine boy in the painting I was using old photographs that my...
Answer this. Have you thought about moving to another city far away just to have some freedom?   People who keep constant tabs on you who are not loved ones usually have some kind of personal...
I have seen workers who are related to the owner reduce the productivity of the office by surfing the internet and get by with it. I would see them laying the blame on the other workers for the lack...
I am right handed and my brother is left handed. My husband is right handed but both of our children are left handed.
I won some prizes in a art contest when I was in high school. I can draw well and take 5 or 6 pictures and make a drawing from it. One of my house paintings of a old town where my Dad is shown as the...
I can't imagine you being a evil bully. :wink:
If it is a novel I just open it right in the middle and start reading to get straight to the point. Then I speed read the ending and then the beginning to get a afterthought.  I never read a book...
My bully was very crafty and targeted only one person so no one would understand what was really going on. I resigned when I got good and tired of the poor communication and lies. She would forget to...
I came here typed as INTJ. People said I wrote like a feeler. That had me curious wondering who didn't express feeling and use emoticons when writing and trying to get others to understand them...
Wow,this sounds familiar. I did notice I was always working while the others were loafing or having personal discussions. I can deal with the work but I draw the line right at my own personal...
I have but do not have a tolerance for it. I start job hunting once I know for sure the person has a lot of job security and it is deliberate and not just from being difficult or fussy. I have done...
I take each ENFP on a individual basis just like all the other types. If they are annoying and rude I will not like them. If they are kind and respectful of me,give me time to get to know them better...
I know to never try to make sense out of everything he does or I will lose my mind. I identify with what you say about feelings being like perfume because I mentioned it in one of my previous posts....
It is possible that I pick up on minute details that my ENFP husband does not notice or perhaps will excuse or overlook. I observe and file,observe and file constantly lots of things like clothing...
I only know if I am in a safe place or not. If I get a vibe that some people could be trouble I move somewhere else. I don't like sitting next to a emotional person who talks loudly because it will...
Yes,you are actually a feeler because only feelers feel feelings about feeler's feelings about feelings. :confused:
1. How much time do you generally take in making an important decision? I do a lot of research first which can take two or three days up to a week depending on what kind of decision I am making. I...
I took the first post as a person having a lack of knowledge and insight. I thought about it a minute and decided to go ahead because I had a inspiration and probably drank too much coffee!
I pick up on people's feelings and emotions with accuracy but I weigh in things like past experience and details of the present situation when deciding how to respond. I think things over rather than...
I can identify with this somewhat. I prefer group activity with board games and nothing else. I hate aerobic dance class because I am the one doing push ups while they are doing jumping jacks again...
Any kind of letter or attempts to contact him will come across as very annoying because he told you where he stood and that he doesn't want anything else to do with you.
I have had a friend who developed feelings for me but I am married and straight. It was almost as if she was trying to pull me out of the closet when I had nothing to hide. She was hoping I was gay...
This is my most likely response. If I don't know enough about the subject I tell them to do some research. If I believe they are attempting to capture me with their ideas,draw me into their web of...
Your score 36%  Though  your conscience is in the right place you also have a pragmatic streak  and generally arenâ€™t afraid to do your own dirty work! Youâ€™re no  shrinking violet - but no daredevil...
http://youtu.be/AVaXbyDbbzQ
No,everything I do is rather slow and deliberate.  http://www.weightlossthing.com/wp-content/uploads/tortoise-and-hare-575x323.jpg
Years ago we were having a gathering where gifts were exchanged and shortly before this lady told me she disliked home made things especially crocheted blankets. I asked her why she had like 5...
I planted okra today.
I get misread and misunderstood. People sometimes mistake my calmness for not caring. The truth is I stay calm so I can think and do the right thing. People have judged me as being stuck up when I...
Yes, the okra is indeed going to get planted in the left field or more like plot by my house when viewed from the road. So you are correct and not out in left field at all.
I must plant okra.
A very strange but humorous thing happened in the store today. I kept passing this lady in the aisle and one time she said,I think we are rotating in opposite orbits. I was wondering if it appeared...
I attempt eye contact when I am selling something because a lack of eye contact means dishonesty but too much is threatening and creepy. I have improved this skill over time. I find a smile is very...
People usually either ignore me or pick on me in a playful manner. I always end up sitting there listening and then knowing I am not interested in what they are talking about. *yawn* I try my best...
We found out what would happen. I suspect your next thread will be a DIY project.
I wouldn't burn bridges with someone who has not done you wrong. Just do what you want. She already sounds more like a acquaintance  than a friend.
No. That means no. :laughing:  This seems like a cool idea. All you need is a microphone. I will put this up for a day and then erase it.  Wait...No,because of my family and too much background...
I appear so mild mannered and shy that people are shocked when I get fed up enough with their stupidity and finally say something about it. I am not a pushover. I would never say I was arrogant.   ...
Maybe you are asking the wrong person but right now this is all I can come up with.  http://pages.just-eat.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/800_0342.jpg
I just ate stuffed crust pizza. It was delicious.
You only live once so why not go all out on making bread? Maybe you needed some time out in the playground of life. Remember it and savor it just like the bread you made.
I was going to add there are many things in my life that couldn't have been accomplished without faith.Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. A person needs...
I don't like all the rules of religion. Do this and be sure to tithe or you'll go broke and go to hell. I dislike the fire and brimstone fear tactics. Teaching love and self acceptance is one step in...
After the last conference I suspect a slight change that lasts about 3 and 1/2 days followed by a return to malfunctioning robot teacher. That question does not compute. Just do what the book says...
I have a teacher who lectures this adult class by reading the book to us. This teacher calls reading straight out of the text a lecture. What can I do to force this educator into reluctantly letting...'"


3926: 'And from the mongols too haha  http://i.imgur.com/16Q0ziO.jpg  I don't have connections with Portuguese and Spanish ancestry. I descend from Italian and Polish families.  But know you got me...
I have this uncomfortable feeling too.
ISTJ 6w5 makes sense.   But you know what gets me? I saw many videos and posts made by INTJs and they commonly say if you are an INTJ you wouldn't doubt that much, you just know it. Was it like...
As suggested by  Librarylady I did an Enneagram test and got 6w5. I started a thread about it answering a questionnaire and 2 users think I am a 6w5.  Sixes are known for correlating to Sensing...
My brother is difficult to type too. We tried to come to a conclusion and I guess it's INFJ but he appears quite a Thinker too.    You are right, I am not that demanding and controlling. I am...
I thought having Te in the 1st or 2nd functions is being a Te-dom, but now that you're saying this I understand when people say -dom is about the 1st function. When I started this thread I never...
Are you vegan or vegetarian for moral reasons? Is your bedroom messy? I am vegan for moral and health reasons. My bedroom is super messy but from time to time I clean it spotless.  Describe your...
This thread is like a cronology of discoveries for me. But maybe things we post here can help other so idk.  I summarized in brief words the roles of the 8 Cognitive Functions I found on this...
I read more about what each one of the 8 cognitive functions does and came up with a discard board haha  http://i.imgur.com/INTEU9u.jpg  The grey circles are what makes a function in it's wrong...
Thank you. I guess I was a kind of blunt in my answer but that's not to say you weren't clear, I just think this doesn't resonate to me. Maybe in a subconscious level I do it, we all do it to some...
Hahahahaha. So true! But I guess it's the PerC standard too, we want to share to be understood but at the same time we don't want to be recognized maybe because we say too much here. Things we...
Yeah, I see what you are saying. I do it too, I visited almost every other thread with a similar issue. I'm seeing I give off this Te vibe a lot. I didn't realize it until I had the help of you guys...
Never thought of E though. I do have the necessity to be alone that's why it feels I. But could be. I don't know.  My Te is the highest and after comes Ti.  For now I guess I'm ok with ISTJ,...
Yeah, me too. Now I know it's more a matter of perspectives. And that everybody has the bad and the good within. We all have a place and we are all needed in different scenarios.  (Crashed here...
Oh yes, it's not an engineer problem only, us - the more technical architects - face it too everyday. Many keep this vision discourse like they tattoed it to their hearts. But that's what sells. In...
Yes, thank you! I would like to know this stereotyped person they keep talking about. Looks like a cartoon character or something. And yes, most kids like to draw, but we don't all grow up to be...
I like how you agree that many surface aspects of both look the same, but if you narrow down to the one question that matters: how is your decision making process / what happens when you are faced...
As I said, here I am quoting you. THIS ^ is amazing. ISTJ is called the inspector and it's one of the reasons I have trouble seeing I'm like this. I do break so many rules, but I analyze them...
Hey @jcal, I guess I saw your post in a funny thread, and was almost quoting you in another one right now haha. Just wait for me.  Well, I'm exactly like this then, I just need to know everything....
@Ballast, I was reading threads regarding the same doubt I'm having about myself (ISTJ x INTJ) to see if I can find useful information, and I found this post of yours quite intriguing.  What makes...
http://i.imgur.com/OHQYfK0.jpg   Saved this picture some time a go. I guess Si uses Experience and Ni uses Intuition. And what about Strategy?
Yes, I do this a lot. Especially at work. I frequently use past experiences in other firms to achieve a solution to a new problem. Hey, in my last job blah blah blah is a phrase I use a lot.   ...
Yes. In the beginning of my teens. Didn't realize it was more Ne-Si. Seems every text puts Si and traditions together, so I figure it sure couldn't be Si.    And here we have the...
Thank you for helping me while you are still on your own search. Sometimes I would like to give my input on other threads but don't feel confident enough about what I do know about MBTI yet, and from...
My Te is always testing very high, the highest cognitive function of all, next being Ti. My therapist said that my T tested next to 90% (as she doesn't use cognitive functions) and when is super high...
Tried the MyPersonality.com tests and got these results:  686370  ISTJ with super Sensing at 79%  Does Visual/Spatial have something to do with Si? I'm really good with maps, location,...
I get what you are saying! My ENTJ friend is like this. She has spreasheets about all the movie DVDs the copied to watch latter, and she categorize them by letter, genre, review (which she creates a...
A quote (don't remember from where/who) that I saved on my Google Keep and seems great for this kind of discussion:  But upon studying further we see that Ss use facts and objectivity to construct...
O-M-G! Spreadsheets! Spreadsheets everywhere!  I probably have hundreds of them in my Google Drive.  One especially about all MBTI types and why they get anxious and how to calm them down. Very...
Thanks for taking your time to write all of this,    Turi!    Yes, this is more of me. Most times during a conversation with someone I will have this linear pattern of thought in the back of my...
I was in doubt between ISTJ and INTJ.  I got ISTJ here.  Thank you for giving me more info!
Librarylady, I don't know what is the correlation between MBTI/Socionics and Enneagram, if you could explain it to me please.  I took an Enneagram test now and the result was Type 5 (the...
Feldem, I'm curious to know how you are learning you are more of an ISTJ and how this with ISFJ and INTP tendencies work.  Also is it possible to have tendencies leaning towards other types? Or...
Hi,  Librarylady! Thank you! You are totally right, the more I learn about it I see that it is not that simple as a four letter word. The functions and the stack is so much more important! J vs P...
Hi Feldem! I find it amazing how we can look like so many people if we just look for it!   Yeah, I guess I need to read more about cognitive functions. Focusing just on Ne, Ni and Si to narrow down...
Hello, Turi! Thank you so much for replying! I read now about Fe since I don't know the cognitive functions very well and yeah I think this part about trying to be polite, nice, friendly, considerate...
Hi, Mr. Castelo! Thank you for answering my thread! Sure, you can PM me. Sorry for not responding so quickly. I was super busy last night. Recently I tried to learn about cognitive functions but...
[Sorry for grammar mistakes. My native lang is portuguese.]  I'm constantly searching for this topic and didn't came to a satisfying conclusion if I'm an ISTJ, INTJ or INTP. I first came into...'"


3938: '1. Bison or a flying bison. 2. Graduated college or employee of the month. 3. Incredible internal GPS. Like in baseball sometimes you need to throw the ball in a hurry and you don't look where...
I don't get along with esfj and estj women.
This is true. And girls find me creepy because of it. But once I talk with them one on one then they like me.
Age: 27 Gender: male Ethnicity: White Personality trait you are proudest of: super dependable (best guess) Profession: judge Hobby you most identify with: puzzles Country of origin: USA ...
Nothing against enfp women, but this is going to be tough. A long distance relationship is easy for an istj but I don't trust any other types. I expect her to have a fling while over there. She...
Your right!  I don't know how I missed it before but I have a sister ESXP and it sounds like something she would do. I didn't want to say anything because I don't know her and he might know her...
This thread is old. I still have my old female roommate's wedding bouquet and a dozen roses in my room. She likes to dry them out upside down. She and her husband got up and moved to New York and...
I don't know what you're talking about. Most INFPs are excellent writers. Many INFPs are journalists, authors, and English teachers.[/QUOTE]  My brother is an infp and he writes with different...
Esfps are fun. Esfjs are mean.
If you are an istj and you don't know who is on Mt Rushmore then you need help. My mom who is an estj doesn't know basic trivia like this.
Never in a relationship with one. My girlfriends have been estj, isfj, and infj. Isfj has been the best so far.
Since nobody is talking, I'll bring up my newest relationship with an EXFP.  This girl came down for my brother's girlfriend's birthday party.  She was definitely looking for some fun, and since I...
Reading this makes me like enfps even more than I already do. I don't know anything about this guy, seems weird. No girl ever asks me out.
I like to do everything and talk about everything. I like fashion if it's something I'll wear. I have a tough time doing something I'm not good at, like tennis, underwater hockey.
Me too.
Here's my latest story, just happened on Thursday. This is from Christian mingle where thegood girls are supposed to be. I messaged her a few times, she gave me her number. I set up a date for...
@pinkrasputin is another ENFP with a very successful relationship with an ISTJ who posts here a lot.  Also @MelBel is married to an ISTJ.   But I appreciate the plug, you know I do love you...
I stay away from all emotional talk. It's kind of like treading in shark infested waters. I hardly ever have emotions so I'm not comfortable talking about them. I like to talk about things I KNOW....
The basic example I use for I or E is this: when you get home from a long trip, do you call up your friends and tell them that you're back and to hang out? Or do you go to your house and stay there...
This is exactly when I cry. The worst day of my life was when I muffed a punt return in a playoff football game that dramatically changed the game scenario. We lost and I cried uncontrollably. You...
I don't know what type, doesn't matter. He likes you, but do you like him?
I think it's interesting that there is a very popular ISTJ-ENFP relationships blog in the ISTJ Forum, but if you go into the ENFP forum, there is hardly anything about ISTJs.  The only one that seems...
This is pretty funny/ridiculous/idealistic.  This might work in an ideal world, but this isn't real at all.  You haven't had real breakups if you think this can happen.  Maybe after a long time when...
I couldn't agree more with yardiff Bey. I've gotten a few dates on plenty of fish and Christian mingle but never a second date. I wouldn't even call them dates. I wish women would look at them as...
Well it's more of an sj temperament song.
Things I'll never say by Avril Lavigne. That's the only one I know.
I don't know about the rhythm part. But I do know that if I am going to dance, then I want to be the best one out there.
I'm the same way. I'm even more demanding. There can't be any children. I don't think I could pursue anyone two years or older, older than me. Why would I date someone 32 when I could get someone 22.
[QUOTE=datMBTIguy:3868677]Agreed with INFX and probably type 1 or 4 I'd say.  Sensitivity and a cry-prone reactions to stimulus are things that, as I understand, are not at all common among us ISTJ...
Do you have any istj friends? I'm here because I am trying to figure out if we get along. I have an aunt and sister in law esfjs that I can't stand for most of the time.
Dear ESFP in-laws,  Why do you talk crap about me to your significant other when I can clearly hear you. I'm in the same room. I would never do this to you.  ISTJ
I am a lot like that guy. So that makes me immature to you people. I have the exact same views. I know that relationships have some bumps that can be worked through, but most can't. I can fall in and...
I can understand how we compartmentalize things. In relationships, I need to feel that both parties are putting in equal effort. Which hardly ever happens.
I break up like that. It's better than hearing nasty criticism or clichÃ©d breakup lines.
Sounds like she doesn't want to see you again; she's moved on. More of a girl problem than a personality situation.
I challenge myself all the time, especially my intuition. There are certain situations that I see the easy Istj answer, but I'm like today I'm going to follow my gut,-which is very nerve wracking....
My memory is also very good. I usually can remember every basketball/football/baseball/track meet  that I played in growing up, especially if a great play happened in it. All of my friends knew this...
It might be typical for the fact that he can't go on living knowing someone doesn't like him, and he wants to make it better. But it's definitely not normal to stay hang out friends. As soon as one...
Growing up in an educated Christian home, my three brothers and I had pretty close to the same views on premarital sex. The INTP, INFP, and ISTJ are still virgins or are married, but our little ESFP...
definitely not a group date. He won't ever talk, except for a random fact he finds interesting. I like to do everything for dates, but in high school I liked more of a seclusion date, like a walk etc.
I am most like tealfootball. I have always had a problem with the term crush. To me love/crush are the same thing, or better described as high infatuation during a short period. There has been at...
If my name is being printed for professional use, I use Kenneth. I introduce myself as Ken and newspaper articles usually shorten it to Ken naturally. I do not go by Kenny at all anymore, except...
I like the Fountainhead better. Mainly because I relate more to Roark than any of the Atlas characters. Even though I am probably a clone of Eddie willers. I also liked the roark/Dominique...
I lived with a female istj/isfj and I could never keep a conversation with her. I don't think she is an isfj because I dated one before and she's nothing like her. I would say it's not a good match,...
I have been trying to date my first enfp. It has not worked well. She gave me her number without me even asking for it. I called her and set a date. When the date came up she said she had back...
@TIFF Miller how do you know he's an istj? It almost seems like a lot of guys are getting clumped into my group. If he is an istj, then all I can say is that our group can vary a lot. Me, personally,...
I like to play sports mainly.  But I also watch movies and I have rated each one.  My total is at 1,952.  I like doing 3d puzzles. I collect bicentennial quarters. (So if anyone has some I'm...
I am a die hard objectivist. Figures since I'm a Type 1.  My INTP brother told me to read The Fountainhead when I was in college, and it has since been my favorite book (I read it in 4 days).  It...
I don't know what any of this means.  From what I gather, you two seem pretty young.
I have never been drunk. I never drank at parties growing up or at college. I do drink the occasional beer at a bbq or when my esfp brother is in town.'"


4013: 'Maternal Grandmother- ESTJ Maternal Grandfather- ENFJ (from stories) Mother- ENFJ  Paternal Grandmother- ESFJ Paternal Grandfather- ISTJ Father- ESTJ  Me- ISTJ Sister- ENFP
Intuitives prefer to rely on their intuition more than sensors, but that doesn't necessarily mean that they have more intuition.  This does not answer your question, but I disagree that it is...
INFP  I scrolled all the way down the page so that I couldn't see the type.  I was close.
1. Are your sentences short or long? Are you straight forward or avoid or divagate around the subject? My sentences are short.  I cannot go on for a long time about something, unless it is my...
Istj- 1  isfj- 0 estj- 1 esfj- 3  intj- 3 intp- 0 entj- 1 entp- 0
The combination of letters under my username. I enjoy most heavy metal and some alternative rock.  I will occasionally listen to classical music if I feel like it.  My selection isn't particularly...
Spanish.  I don't think I ever wrote the accents over my letters and I just didn't get anything out of watching videos or listening to cassettes in Spanish for my assignments.  Hearing my classmates...
If she is extremely extroverted, then she is not an introvert.  It's kind of like how I'm introverted, and thus I am not an extrovert.  Jesus Christ, I did not realize how old this thread was.
I continue being boring to spite them.
Your opinion is wrong.  Hugs are the devil.  In all seriousness though, I value my personal space.  I feel no compulsion to violate the personal space of somebody else, so I fail to see the...
Lost Springs, Wyoming, where the population is four.
54.161/100 masculine 30.833/100 feminine 49.167/100 androgynous  I don't know why they have a separate number for androgynous if it is just a balance between masculinity and femininity.
IT, disregard other people
Histrionic personality disorder I'm sorry, I'm just being a dick.
So apparently everything you have to say would be an insult.  I guess I will do the same.  ISTJ's - Great minds think alike, and then there is us.  ESTJ's - That was a really good suggestion, but...
Do not ask me for my opinion.  If I am quiet or nodding, either I agree with you or really don't care about the topic.  I find it pointless to elaborate on my point of view if somebody else said...
Wait, you actually put thought into this?
If I was a plant, you would be doing me a favor by killing me.  That's what I think about plants.
I took the test for the first time in high school, and I got ISTJ.
She has mental issues.  /thread
The analogy does not work with the point you are trying to make. It is insulting, and of course people are going to jump to conclusions based on the picture. Nobody looks at a pawn and thinks oh...
I wasn't trolling, if that was what you were getting at.  Sorry if my post somehow offended you.
Continue behaving as you do and stop trying to be yourself.  When you put forth an effort to be yourself, you are your psychologist's puppet.  This probably makes little sense, but it is the best I...
I guess I am an ITJS.  We have the INxPs, now what about all of the other types?
I envy ENFPsâ€™ ability to do absolutely nothing productive and somehow see themselves as some kind of social revolutionary in compensation for being incompetent.  I also envy their ability to be dicks...
63.  I know when I was a little kid, it was around 131, then 127, and then 117.  So yeah, it is probably 63 by now.
I tried it, and it wasn't for me.  I only have a problem with the smell of it, but if people smoke outside of my home, then I have little reason to care.  I had two roommates that smoked weed, and it...
Strangely introversion and extroversion is the most difficult to figure out since the older models have far less dialogue.  I am just going to type the ones I own.   Thresh: INFJ Kayle: ISTJ...
I've seen this.  The guy who wrote it sucks.  Clearly written in malice against his boss.
If you are implying that these are the differences between the two types, the second half of your post is inaccurate.  You would be muddling together Si and Se, which are by no means the same thing.
I was an architecture major for my first semester in college; it was very time-consuming and difficult. The earlier assignments have little to do with building structure or even design; if you do not...
ISTJ because everyone sucks but me.  Seriously though ^
1. Movies 2. Books 3. Architecture  Internet cookies.  I tried this on Internet Explorer (which I never use because it is a horrible web browser) and there were no red boxes.
Jung Ideal / Real Test Results         ideal you 

 real you 


Many places use bullshit quizzes to screen people out.  Why not add another?  I applied for a job online, filled out all of the personal information, and then answered their questionnaire (what would...
There are a lot of these, actually.   I agree with most of those that you posted, except for Melisandre.  She uses Fe as a dominant function, in a rather morbid and fucked-up manner.  Most of the...
I'd like to delete this redundant post, but the website will not let me.
I liked high school physics and chemistry, where they taught at a level that I could easily comprehend (as opposed to my little taste of college physics, in which the class average was a 64 and I got...
The lyrics to the music I listen to have some evil implications.  I like music because of the way it sounds.  If I cannot understand the singer, which is the majority of the time, I kind of don't...
75% Russian and 25% Austrian, fourth and fifth generation, nothing to do with my personality.
Not during dialogue scenes and not in a movie theater.  All other instances, it is acceptable in small increments, so long as nothing is spoiled.
You aren't saying that they suck, you are saying that you find them disgusting, which is still a harsh way of saying that you do not like people of a certain temperament.  Anyway, I am least likely...
Itâ€™s all a matter of perspective.  Everyone is a whore in somebody elseâ€™s eyes.  I have a very left-winged professor, and I disagree with almost everything he says, except for when he referred to...
I have some woman in her 70s in two of my classes.  She is quite disruptive; every class her phone goes off since she doesn't know how to silence it, she doesn't raise her hand before answering a...
Istj-intj-istp
You hate collages.  I had to make one today; it's an ugly mess of paper glued to a piece of cardboard.
You're an introvert.  Generating enthusiasm for the sake of conversation is not among your talents.  It's not as complex as people try to make it seem.
ENFs are good at talking and giving the illusion that what they have to say is important.
I don't see how they are the angry ones in this scenario.  You actually seem quite hostile in comparison.  Unless this is a joke.  It's a joke right?
Your idea of a natural pairing is not really my preference.  An unhealthy version is even less so.'"


4018: 'I am istj, and i clicked right away. People does not use this place as diary, so this post is here for other people to look at it.
The message you have entered is too short. Please lengthen your message to at least 1 characters.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_pVP65mgNQ
I said intj because you typed too much things about you in very detailed ways, most of them wont hepl us btw but you still typed all because sake of not missing anything. You should be j thats...
ï½’ï½…ï½“ï½ï½…ï½ƒï½”u3000ï½«ï½¬ï½©ï½§
ï½ï½u3000ï½‰u3000ï½„ï½’ï½…ï½ï½ï½‰ï½Žï½‡?
You are INTJ, case is over.
Personality Test Site here it is, thank me later. lol, welcome.
Nice to meet you. It was hard keeping track of posts for me before i signed up. So signing up will definitely help you, i mean it will be easy to be notified about updates when you have account.
INFJ My personality is written on my profile if you are interested :S It will ruin the guessing thing if i just write my type now :D And btw even i am close to my personality in many ways, i talk a...
ISFP  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EDvabyo620
Welcome. Finding experts will be hard for something considered as Barnum effect for most of the psychologist community. Hope you have a good time here.
Enfj   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZzPUbpjaGg
Why not?
That's probably because you were not exactly knowing what yourselfs are back then. And the mood you are in affects the exam as well. That in mind, people are likely to be misidentified as infp when...
No, i am not implying anything. Since english is not my native it can be seem as that. So first do you saw any unnaturally happy intps? Brcause i dont, if we can get unnaturally happy it would be...
So an INTP can be unnaturally happy? I don't think so. Btw i wanted to use borderline instead of bipolar at first but, anyways its interesting to see your answers.
To me the things you have eaten is not that disgusting, i mean i can eat them too if i paid good for it lol.
Lets say after some trauma you get bipolar personality disorder, should not other half of you act diffrently then you do?
You are probably getting diffrent results because you started to become familiar with the test, thus you can start to get what test will say about you when you answered a question diffrently. The one...
What was the most disgusting thing you have eaten for money? I am kinda curious lol.
Hmm. I guess i am not breaking any rules at all. Except changing with gym clothes in P.E. class, damn i am not capable of sports wh am i changing for 2 minutes of run...
Thanks for the game, will check that one.
Because zodiac is barnum effect.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBw2SkySWJk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmsqrSQxmuM
Twichl Good evening. I saw your thread recently and I have been thinking how i can reply to a person with very outlandish ideas. You may call me a dumb, but I really can't understand your reasoning...
Don't friendzone intp's please. He probably cries everytime he arrives to his home after a long day cuz of you. lol. Welcome to perc.
500 million depending on evolution. and cats.
World of final fantasy 1.01 (really how this can be my latest googled thing?)
Hitted ya. You didnt return though... *cough*
Everything exists in this world. I am not suprised lol.   Oh, you play piano too?
Th0x M8 I owYu suM.
Hoi M8s ToDhaY i Wull shuw ya Huw HuW 2 Bi A niChâ‚¬ POKiM@n MasThÂ£R <1 <2 <3 <4 FirSt of Ull u shouLDi uSe â‚¬nThÂ£r inSsSteaD doTt NuW yur Littlâ‚¬ kooLaH. So NaW yull Lern Dha BaSsIc POKiM@n M@SthEeeR...
Must be said before but, lies.
Oh, i am fine with figuring out how this site works but, i am open for buddies :D
Personal ~  * Name - What do you preferred to be called? - I want to be called as King (lel). * Male/Female/Trans? -Male  Location - Turkey - if i can go anywhere atm i would be going to...
am i the only one that has no information about functions of mbti in this forum? Well, it doesnt pick my attention i guess :P
Well yeah, lol. It also happens to me aswell. But i have some kind of a theory about that. I heard that psychological issues were less common when Jung was living. I can say Jung did the most work...
You should read the descriptions about mbti personalities to be sure. And the same test shouldnt be taken more than once per two years, so you cant abuse it with the things you remember from it.
Then you should do your calculations for your homework instead calculating percentage of sureness about your personality. lol.
You are %94.69 sure? How did you get that number??? Oh. i find now. you did a graph and calculate its slope of tangeant line at one point using derivatives right? right?
Yes i am majoring in electronics engineering. I have to say its very complicated version of high school electronics and it has bizzare calculations. But you will be using system of formal logic and...
Umm, yes i am from Turkey :P But what does it changes?
Don't go with software engineering. Just sayin. There will be no advanced physics or math lesson in software engineering. Instead go with electronical if you like physics and want engineering. Or...
Oh i told about my ocd so you can say whether or not its emotional contamination OCD. I think like things on summer house is already dirty so i dont feel any need to trying to make them stay clean....
First of all i dont think its not rational because it doesnt matter if i get sweaty at home and sleep. But lets say somebody touched my head, now i have to atleast wash my hair. I dont let people to...
Thanks for the answer. I have seen two psychologist till now but i havent seen them in long terms. Just 3-4 hours in total with both of them. I dont feel they are effective cause they only can talk...
Wow, thats huge. You wont get anything with cutting yourself. Your body is only thing that wont leave you until the end but you are trying to harm it. Bad decision.
Hmm. Thats pretty close to my life(i am sth close to audiophile and never get out for fun :S) but since i am majoring electronics engineering nobody is bad with me (because i will be a money machine...'"


4050: 'Sounds like Fe to me.    Ok. Good to know.     Hmm then possibly dominant Ni and inferior Se?   So I'm going to guess INFJ for you.
AceTrainerGreen    I still think ENTP for you. Also INTP's are not goal oriented because they use Ti. Te is goal oriented and Ti is process oriented. If you are goal oriented than that's probably...
Are ENTPs the most creative type? With Ne as a primary function, you would think they are.   It looks like your @ sign didn't work again and Drunk Parrot probably doesn't know about your...
Hello and welcome to the forum.
Hello and welcome to the party.
Hello and welcome to the forum.
Yeah so I would say you use strong Ni or lower Ne. But the thing is I use inferior Ne and coming up with ideas for group projects doesn't come super easy for me. It sounds like coming up with the...
INFJennifer    I would guess your mother to be an ESFJ :)
Yes, I know, I was just curious as to what saythe's answer would be.
Do you get an explosion of ideas at once or one idea at a time?
Hmm so still so far I see IXFJ.   We need to figure out if she uses Ni or Si.   Ni vs Si:  Ni vs Si - Funky MBTI in Fiction  Se vs Si:
Hmm so maybe either ENFJ or ESFJ as ESFJ's can have many gut reactions as well.     Do you need help learning about the functions? This site is great for that.
Hmm probably some sort of INFX.....INFJ maybe
Well Fe= external values and Fi= internal values so it sounds to me like you use Fe.
You're welcome. Ok, I'll take a look at it later. Could you @Kitty23 in the new post. That way I won't forget about it/know which post it is.
Ok.
I am hoping tomorrow goes well
Hello and welcome to the forum. I hope you have fun!
Hello and welcome to the party.
Hello and welcome to the forum.
Yeah that sounds like Ti to me.    Sounds like Ti to me. Cause remember Te is extraverted so it looks outside of itself.    Again sounds like Ti.    Ti
Like where do your beliefs come from? Say you believe that everyone deserves to be treated equally...where did that value originally come from? Your parents, yourself, etc.?
Well Fe= external values and Fi= internal values.   You like to go in depth so I would say your first function is introverted.   Do you relate to a particular inferior function?  Accurate...
You're welcome. :kitteh: Awesome.
Sounds like Fe to me.    So would you say gut reactions are not natural for you or they are?
Diamante   Other people also originally guessed you to be an ENTP. Not just me. And yes, I do still think you are an ENTP.
I did respond to your last post:   And I don't have any ISTJ friends. You're probably a different enneagram type than they are.
That test got my type correct.
LeftEyeDominant    Sorry I don't reply to private messages anymore. I read what you wrote though and I think XNTP and XNTJ are good contenders.   Have you read this link yet?   Accurate...
Ok.     In total, there are 8 Jungian cognitive functions. A person has the ability to use all 8 but most people only use 4 out of 8.  Therefore, one must figure out the 4 main Jungian cognitive...
Could you explain this more? Like where did your values originally come from?
Maybe strong Fe    Being tolerant while friend is shouting at you could be Fe    Sounds like intuition over sensing.    Probably Fe
Hmm maybe INXP?
Di you mean to say I want to be with my most important relationships? So you like talking about your feelings with others? Do you sometimes not know how you feel until you talk out your feelings...
ISTP    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiCZdvQXULE
Then ENTP for you.
ISFJ    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONB6d3cAmRc
Ugh I hate allergies.
Where do your values come from?
Do you get an explosion of ideas first or use logic first?
INFJ  1. I can come off grumpy 2. I rarely ever stray away from the topic 3. I am systematic 4. I am not a dreamer 5. I can think of all the different ways something could go wrong
Greetings and welcome to the forum.
Hello and welcome to the forum.
Hello and welcome to the party.
Hello and welcome to the forum.
What about INTJ or INFJ?
conceptual is abstract thinking.
What about XSFJ?
It looks like your Jungian cognitive functions are Ti, Ne, Si, Fe. So I'm guessing INTP for you.
I don't think you should focus on loudest to quietest but more so on the types that like to share information with others.'"


4062: 'Absolutely. This has been the longest stretch since our last visit. It seems like that's when I start to run out of steam. He's not a fan of phones or texting in the first place. So when he's in...
Sure will! I don't recall any visit of ours that's had any less than amazing moments. Though, if I'm living closer to him, it's only natural for that to change at some point. Lol.
Thank you for that! I definitely needed an understanding reply. I typically try to send him short messages during his withdrawals just to let him know I'm thinking about him. It certainly makes it...
I know several people on this board are well-versed in love languages.  I would like to share my current situation.  I've been romantically involved with a long-time, long-distance friend for the...
The ones offering the greatest assistance are the area churches and other non-profits. They haven't had much meat or non-perishables because they can't keep it cold. Bread, water, and ice are things...
Thanks, OldManRivers! He actually just purchased a plane ticket to me. I fully intend on ensuring he has a nice, relaxing time with a properly working air conditioner in just a couple weeks. Lol.
Being in a long distance relationship with an INFJ myself, I can tell you that sometimes she's not going to have a clue you're feeling that way. My suggestion would be to tell her how you're feeling....
He has an open invite ALWAYS (I've made this clear). Though, I don't think he'd be able to make the trip with his current job responsibilities. He works for a non-profit, so his attention is demanded...
It was the big storm that hit the mid-Atlantic region the day before yesterday.  I offered to send any medical supplies (as I have access), but I would need specifics as to what was needed. So, I...
I'll try to get some more info out of him tomorrow. I offered to help anyway I could. I would hope if he needed something specific, he would vocalize that so I would know how to go about meeting the...
If I did that, I'd have to tell him I was coming.  He doesn't like unplanned visits as it throws him off his routine.  I'm just afraid all will be well by the time I get there and then I'll have gone...
Just talked to my long-distance SO.  Without giving too much information, their area is needing some disaster relief.  There hasn't been much out-of-state assistance and I'm about a 2-day drive away....
Jawz That was a very thoughtful response! Thank you. I do see what you're saying about the interchangeability of the the love languages. I look forward to seeing these in their fullness once distance...
OldManRivers Thanks for the reply! Come to think of it, he often sends the this made me think of you or I thought you might enjoy this sort of forwards. It helps me to know he had me on his mind....
GoodOldDreamer I am Quality Time (primary) and Touch. We talk a few times a week via phone for around an hour. I enjoy this. He is not fond of using a webcam so we don't do that. For some reason, I...
My INFJ SO and I have done the long-distance thing for a few months.  I'll be moving out there soon, but while we're apart, I've made it a point to continue to affirm him in our relationship.  He has...
etre No, I say you know a lot when explaining a situation or telling a story.
I've been in a romantic relationship with someone for a few months now. We were friends first and know each other quite well. Recently, I feel he has become a bit critical of me. We've not faught and...
I find it interesting that we don't have people replying. That means: 1.) There are a lot of single INFJ's. 2.) There are a lot of INFJ's that are proposed to, but don't propose. 3.) Or, nobody wants...
Wanting to hear some stories about INFJ's who proposed.  What did you do?  Where did you do it?  Was he/she expecting it?
Is this true with a SO as well?
What could an S change that could make that different for you? Any specific examples?
I know INFJ's easily get drained by people. What are some tips to non-INFJ types that would keep them from being a drainer? If someone takes an interest in you, what can they do to show that interest...
The question would be then- would you answer their text? Lol.
And what about the times when it's neither and just to assess a situation or recharge your batteries?
When you are in withdraw mode, how do communication to very close friends & loved ones?   What is your communication style with people you are expected to regularly communicate with?   Brief...
I've noticed a bit my INFJ seems to get concerned about my feelings after we have a deeper conversation.  Usually, the next day, he'll ask how I'm feeling.  I, in turn, return the favor to see if...
We've been friends for years.  However, it just recently turned romantic within the last few weeks (I've wanted this for years and I think, to an extent, so has he).  We haven't given whatever this...
An INFJ that I've forever had an interest in has seemed to do a bit of a change up.  I was wondering if this was typical when moving from a friendship to a romantic relationship.  Before, I heard...
That's like my mother and her yappy dogs.  She has two house dogs that love to bark.  If I call, I'll spend more time hearing her telling the dogs to shut up than actually talking to her.  lol.
This is awesome!
lol...I'm pretty sure he does multitask during our conversation.  I try to keep it short...but sometimes I'm just so excited to tell him everything.  Ha!  He could fall asleep for all I care...I just...
I think he would like it more if we had something deep to talk about.  We typically keep up with each other enough that once we do talk, it's just funny banter.  Now, when we have a really deep...
Do you ever miss that emotional connection, though?  You can't hear tone in text.  Sometimes, when he's just teasing me via text I'm like, Is he serious or is this him teasing me?  It's because I...
So would most say that they would be satisfied with phone conversations about once or twice a week with these relationships?  My INFJ is sporadic in communication.  Sometimes we talk a few times a...
How often would you say you video conferenced?
Do you live far from your family?  How often do you talk to them on the phone?  How long do your conversations tend to be?  Same with long distance relationships.  How often do you speak on the...
I usually feel a bit uncomfortable around someone in pain or emotional because I'm really not sure of the best way to offer help or support.  I'm afraid anything I do might make the pain worse.  I am...
Do you make the first move?  If so, how do you work up enough courage to do it?  Do you put out any feelers to see if such an initiation is welcomed?  If so, what?
The first thing that would catch my attention is looks.  Generally, my preference would include:  Taller than me (not hard...I'm only 5'2) Dark hair Nice smile Kind eyes Good shoulders...
I'd do anything for him!  Funny part of that is, he knows it...and I think he gets a kick out of it.  I'm interested in how you finally came to marry your wife.  When did you know she was it for...
I hope you're right!  Hopefully this will just be some clarity.  In all honesty, if everything is as promising as I hope, I could easily see myself picking up and moving where he is.  I would've done...
I believe his are touch and gifts.  I send him care packages regularly (every month or two) with music...books...his favorite candy, etc.  I'm hoping to also meet his love of touch as well.  After so...
I've come here a few times for some advice.  I love discovering things about him and I want to effectively communicate how special he is to me.  I know that when he revealed that he was an INFJ, that...
I'm pretty sure I know that I would like our relationship to progress to a more romantic or committed level.  I don't think he is as sure as I am.  He is interested, but unsure.  He's shared he has...
Compliments I can do!  Obviously, there is a lot I admire about him...and I love taking the opportunity to let him know it!  What about offering to cook him a meal?  I'm a pretty good cook and it...
Definitely wouldn't want to sabatage it.  In fact, I love that about him.  At the same time, I do want to show him how much I appreciate that and, in a sense, reward him for being that way.  It does...
I'm going to be visiting a long-time INFJ male friend.  This is someone with whom I've had a bit of a romantic spark for years now and this trip is going to tell me if there is potential here for...
When it comes to a life partner, what traits do you look for or appreciate as an INFJ?
I've decided to spend some more time with an INFJ friend to see if there is more to our relationship. I know he has a tendency to not want to go too deep into what he's thinking (though, he shares a...'"


4069: 'What we consider to be sharing minor annoyances with others can come across as bitterness and anger if we don't keep our petty irritations in check.  We're not very comfortable with displaying our...
I've tried it a few times.  It's not for me, but I am pro legalization.
He is one of my best friends and we eventually worked very well together, but we had a rough start.
That article was fascinating.  Thank you very much for sharing.  It sums up a lot of what I am feeling.
...but look at that thigh gap.  HOT!!!  hahaha
My family doesn't drink when we are together.  It's a taboo thing in my family.  Really strange.  I saw my mom have half a glass of wine a few years ago and she was stumbling drunk.  It's the only...
I've seen every one of those films and I love them all.  It's one of my favorite genres.
Best way I can describe Si is by using this example:  I used to manage a large wing of a warehouse in a factory.  I had several thousand parts stored in giant racks with lots of shelves.  I had...
Sorry for the wall of text.  I've tried to bullet point and summarize all my thoughts the best I could.  I'm going through a serious dilemma in my career right now.  I'm 27 and currently in middle...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwGat4i8pJI  Ron Swanson.  Greatest ISTJ ever and truly the most interesting man in the world.
I used to act in and direct short films with my friends 10-15 years ago when I was in high school.  I loved it and some of them were pretty good, considering I was a 13-16 year old kid with terrible...
I love trolling my friends, but I don't like messing with random people.
Are you two close?  I'm not at all close to my younger INTP brother.   We have a very awkward relationship and I'm curious as to start mending it.
My time is valuable.  If I know you're always late for something, I either start without you or show up later than you do.  Not wasting my time waiting for someone who doesn't respect it.  On the...
Incompetence, narcissism, and people who victimize themselves instead of taking responsibility for their actions.  These are the three which top my list.
My first stint as a boss was when I was a supervisor of union forklift drivers at a warehouse.  They were all twice my age and hated my guts for it.  Only a third of my crew were good workers and I...
http://s3-static-ak.buzzfed.com/static/campaign_images/webdr02/2013/7/22/0/11-reasons-ron-swanson-is-my-perfect-man-1-20397-1374468746-0_big.jpg  Ron Swanson - The most bad ass ISTJ out there
Satire...  I LOVE satire...  People will think I'm very weird because I'll be dying of laughter over something they only find mildly funny.  For example, I saw American Psycho back in college with a...
Banter and poke fun at her, when she starts jabbing back, that mean's she is (as an ISTJ) getting comfortable with you. Be hilarious Be interesting Tell her you think you're somewhat attracted to...
I disagree.  I work for a Fortune 500 company, and there are lots of different personalities in the company's management team, with many Ps around.
I worked with an ENTP before as a direct counterpart.  We both managed one group of 20 people and... well... it was a challenge.  He became one of my best friends over the two years we worked...
I was actually bullied by two subordinates.  I used to supervise union factory workers at a small automotive facility in a previous job and two of the guys on my team liked to start drama and stir...
It's a lost cause, dude. Time to move on. She sees you as a friend and it's very rare to come back from that.
Not romantic at all. Hate getting gifts and hate buying them. Candles, chocolate, and baby making music don't get me in the mood for love, either. I'm a horrible boyfriend, in that regard. I'd...
Double Post.
Just tell him you like him. Seriously, just do it. Don't try to hint about it, flat out tell him that you have a crush on him.   We don't get subtlety and are completely oblivious to other peoples...
I listen to everything, and I mean literally everything, except for Country (aka the Special Olympics of music).  From 60's Soul to Death Metal to Classical to Underground Hip Hop, I listen to it all.
I was just going to post that the Green Mile was the only film that has ever moved me to tears, and I'm a big movie buff.   I only really cry when I lose a family member or friend. I used to battle...
One of my best friends is an ENTP.  We met in college in ethics class, which he started the day off almost getting into a fistfight with another student regarding the 2nd Amendment.  lol.  We've been...
If I don't have plans with friends for a vacation, I usually stay home and read a few books.  I could probably be a hermit, if I had to, as I really like being alone.  Also, I don't mind eating...
I have a Bachelors in Industrial Engineering, which is joking called imaginary engineering, as it is the least technical of the engineering disciplines and focuses on practicality, process...
Rick Grimes from The Walking Dead.  I relate to his leadership style/ability, which he does out of necessity to take care of those he loves because no one else is strong enough to lead.  It...
Nope.  I'm not religious, and I'm apathetic towards religion.  My parents wanted to let me make my own mind up about it and the bible doesn't really give you answers when you're old enough to not...
I don't fit all the characteristics of a stereotypical ISTJ...  I'm a very messy person, but when I clean up once a week, everything is immaculate.  I'm also late to some things on purpose.  If I'm...
I currently work for an ISTJ who I don't really like and is kind of a dick.  He spent 3 weeks just observing everyone in my department going about their business, watching us deal with problems,...
I don't run from confrontation but at the same time I don't actively seek it out. I dislike dealing with confrontation, but if I feel that it is my duty to handle the situation, I take care of it.
Thanks for all the replies. I consider myself to be pretty private person, but I start to open up after a few weeks of getting to know someone, which is why I thought I would ask you guys if you had...
How private are you guys and how long does it take you to warm up to others?  There is a girl I work with who I'm pretty sure is an INFP, and she almost seems to go out of her way to maintain her...
Same. 29.    The test said the average for adults was 26.
You are a Cautious Realist.   You are a Realist  Your attention to detail, appreciation of how things function, and awareness of the world around you make you a REALIST.  Routines are...
Dude, she's into you, regardless of her personality type.  A woman who randomly texts you out of the blue asking how you are is definitely interested.  If she is actually an ISTJ, I'd be even more...
I have the same feelings about ENFPs.  There were two ENFP girls I can remember being really into me, but their immaturity, lack of responsibility, and overall drive for attention rubbed me the wrong...
I joined a fraternity in college and lived in a house with 30-50 guys with 2-5 dudes and their girlfriends in the same room as me.  I became incredibly depressed some semesters because I couldn't be...
I hate ceremonies with a passion and I'll duck out on them, whenever possible.  As far as weddings go, I'll attend the ceremony, but I'll duck out on the reception nine times out of ten.
Yep.  Every day at work.  I have a reputation of being a ruthless, hard ass, cold blooded, SOB according to all my employees and their union.  That said, I cut my team a break more often than not...
My 3 closest friends are ENTJ, ENTP, & INTPs.
I'm usually lurking around.  I hate typing on my iPad, so I usually don't log in to the site until I actually fire up my computer every once in a while.
Just curious to see to what extent other ISTJs use social media, such as Facebook or Twitter.    I rarely log onto Facebook, even though every one of my friends uses it, and even deleted my account...
My mother said I came out of the womb an adult.  She said I was the quietest baby she had ever seen and I had always been wiser than my years, though it didn't become obvious to everyone until...
I don't mind being an ISTJ.  I have my struggles, just like everyone else, but usually my strengths allow me to handle just about any situation thrown at me.  The only thing I don't like about my...'"


4107: 'ask him straight up
kiss- isxp marry- isfp bed- isxp
i noticed a recent upswing in ISTJ kissability, this is great!
i used to think i was intj, until i started spending more time with an intj cousin of mine who is better at math, more strategic, creates 10 year life plans, without applying nearly as much effort as...
i work in data analytics i like it because it is objective and can be used as a tool to give insight into virtually anything measurable i used to be in accounting but the scope of accounting felt...
reliving the past each falter a lesson learned waiting patiently
MBA ISTJ  wish i did statistics or computer science
if you apply for graduate studies, do not apply for an MBA
1 build your computer skills. Enroll in a diploma at college/university. Enroll in a nanodegree @ udacity apply for internships 2 learn a trade  -join local meetups to network with either of...
I don't have many friends, and I suspect most of the friends i do have are ISTJs, so we don't exactly have a wide circle of acquaintances lol. Although it's not great, I don't have too big of a...
a low-pressure, classroom type environment has always been the best avenue for me to talk to and slowly develop relationships with people. The non-date type environment doesn't have any pretense or...
they are very endearing to me because they tend to be selfless, modest, compassionate and many other great things  very easy to be friendly with.
from my own personal experience, ESFPs are the most overtly perverted
most: ISFP, ISTP least: ISTJ, ESFP, ESFJ
im crazily attracted to isfps  communication about feelings will present challenges, at least initially  i would likely not try to make decisions for someone who has already made those decisions....
1) Personality Type: ISTJ  2) Favorite/most enjoyable aspect: competitive play ([fighting/rts] head to head, small teams)  3) Additional two top aspects: i) cooperative games ii) story driven...
your EQ is over 9000  also, my sentiments regarding ESFJs are similar to yours. My dad closely resembles one, and  whenever he feels angry, is prone to explosive tirades that are devoid of logic...
my 4 closest friends are 4 istjs. 2 programmers, an accountant, and an actuary
In my quest for a good story, I started playing Life is Strange (PC). I recommend it to anyone looking for a good story and is into time travel conundrums
i read almost exclusively on an e-reader, to me its better than a physical book in every way, minus lacking the feel and smell of a book  I don't think I would like audio books because I probably...
in my experience, i mope and think about where i screwed up and vow to not repeat it  in the future.  after reflecting, i like to read or exercising to stop thinking about it
i'm in the same situation as yourself  i'm a customer at her workplace. we'll exchange witty banter for a long time. She seems pretty sociable, sharing personal info etc.. i felt really optimistic...
speaking only for myself, historically, i've been most attracted to ISxP types. In may younger days (high school), i was oblivious 90% of the time when people were trying to signal that they like me,...
Questioner        Questioners question all  expectations, and will meet an expectation only if they believe itâ€™s  justified, so in effect, they meet only inner expectations.  Once Questioners...
BJ Penn- ESTP Connor McGregor- ESTP Demetrious Johnson- ISTJ Phil Baroni- ESTP Donald Cerrone- ESFP Mirko Filipovic- ISTJ Georges St. Pierre- ISTJ Urijah Faber- ESFP  ISTP
for me, 99% on leaving  i feel like i deserve good things
in my experience with a female isfp, they will not tell you straight up, i like you, they'll wait months for you to make a move (which is how long it takes for me). They'll more likely compliment...
incorporate it into your tv/movie watching time
don't complain about things, do something about it  some complaining is ok, more than 2 complaints per day is draining
estp- derek/ justin esfp- jessica, nicole esfj- victoria estj- Tom, John istj- Rupert intj- eugene isfj- sarah, kathy isfp- mallory, christy
-mature; can take constructive criticism impersonally, not overly emotionally reactive  thoughtful; consideration for other people, selfless -optimistic; does not whine about how circumstances...
graphics matter nothing to me  to this day, i'm playing warcraft 3 and street fighter 2
in that case, just focus on yourself and enhancing your life, there's a decent chance that he said he wouldn't get back with her just to protect himself in the moment and avoid creating an emotional...
become exponentially hotter than her, when he comes crawling back desperately, you wont even be attracted to him anymore
i'd like to be esfp, they seem happy almost all the time
What do you see? -pensive, neatly dressed guy with a confident stride and a stone face. seems apathetic, not shy Would you want to be friends with this person (aka yourself)? -yes, because he...
thanks for your input, it makes sense to me. I'm just going to carry on being a good friend to her during our rides, it's just really bumming thinking about how things could have been had i had...
very long story so i'll try to keep it brief: -met an ISFP female online who needed a ride to a common workplace at an employer located far away. both of us are student on work terms -chemistry was...
ESFP -we are not compatible, arguments are very frequent due to her lack of logic -she loves me significantly more than i love her, so in this partnership, i can finally relax and let someone else...
istp for school/work assignments coming due, they can just calmly pass it on to an istj they know.
ESFP Quinton Jackson Tito Ortiz Mark Coleman Phil Baroni Dana White? Donald Cerrone  ISTJ Lyoto Machida
i think gsp and lyoto machida are istj, i suspect cain valasquez is also istj. Mainly from their fighting style, mentally, and general training work ethic. no time to elaborate  ISTP jose aldo...
whatever you do, do not break down and cry. It's sickening
if i can't think if a witty comeback, i default to No, YOU are (whatever they said)
educated guessing ISTPs- dan henderson, mark hunt, robbie lawler, gegard mousasi  this crew gives 0 Fs
the departed total recall (arnold) the matrix shutter island gladiator minority report
mbti made me realize that there is not one right way to be a person and so i've become much more tolerant of different personalities around me and recognize their diverse strengths and weaknesses
When going into high stress situations which you don't feel adequately prepared for i.e. sporting competition, school exam  When people want to be lied to or hear comforting words  When you...
ronda rousey
they all seem like master strategists to me, so istp'"


4125: Time Paradox by Philip Zimbardo & John Boyd Transcendental Future Details through Research How you perceive about your future can be used as an advantage for instance how you view in the future...
Transcendental-future Time Perspective Inventory (TTPI) Zimbardo Time Perspective Inventory (ZTPI) My results Transcendental-future 4.30  Past-negative    4.40  Past-positive    3.44 ...
Black in color eye iris and I'm ISTJ. Not sure whether it has any connection with our personality or not.
Mental health is normal, habits in the family of origins were good which doesn't have bad habits. Childhood experiences doesn't really effect that much. Gender not that nuch affect. I'm talking about...
But WickedQueen we really don't buy sex dolls. There is some of us just watch anime more often compared to the amount of money wasted for sex dolls.
Personality test based on Jung - Myers-Briggs typology What's your result? Mine was: Strengths Introverted = 89 Sensing = 1  Thinking = 94  Judging = 89
Can create Archive for all the thread which is ended discussion...that way it will prevent useless posting & can be view in the future.
Die in my sleep peacefully.
Hokkaido, snowboarding.
1. Enter into shower area. 2. Rinse my body. 3. Rinse my hair. 4. Rinse my face. 5. Apply body soap to body. 6. Apply hair soap to hair. 7. Rinse the hair then rinse the body. 8. Take the...
That I will return back to Ran Mouri next time.  I worried that Ran Mouri miss me so much...that she would report it to police. Buying time to find the right antidote to return my ageless 7 years...
Most of the time the smudge cause by rain drops and condensation air condition...not always I clean my glasses
Bored after solving cases, learning more from people & answer some sub forum.
Sushi, spicy nasi lemak, fried banana, fried cempedak & fried nangka.
Insensitive to people feelings & acting too much like an adult.
1. What mbti type are you? ISTJ 2. On a scale of 1-5, how easy was/is English/Language Arts in school? 5/5 3. On a scale of 1-5, how easy was/is math in school? 5/5 4. How many musical instruments...
Well HandiAce, it's not that you lack immaturity. It's just those users never appreciate the original cartoon show.
Snail, great creation music piece!!! Truth
That's my ageless look & my height so that adults will respect me as an adult but not a kid. Braver to profess love to Ran Mouri.
Sherlock Holmes but my parents name me as Kudo Shinichi!!!
1st glasses because the full frame can't break easily as the half frame glasses!!! It looks cooler & you don't need to worry about the glasses going to break.
A piece of apple away from the computer keyboard.
http://www.beautychatblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/08/cucumber-eyes.jpg Cucumbers is good for your tired eyes & skin.
There is certain games in Japan not released to other countries. Handkerchief, bento boxes, or other japanese souvenir.
I rather die than waste my time in prison. Once you enter prison; people in society will label you as criminal once you are released from prison.
Name: Kudo Shinichi Age: 17 years old but shrunk to be 7 years old height: 174 cm but now 122cm Weight: 58kg but now 18kg Innie or outie: Outie  Love Questions Are you in Love? Yes with Ran...
Burger A has quality of ingredients No.1...organic, cook to perfection, given more nutrition, value for money,different kind of ingredients which makes it special compared to Burger B & Burger C.
312 + 2 = 314
Tiny and tidy arrangement icons. I love to clear icons which isn't used frequently.
3rd statement did describe mostly about me, since my expectations very high & I'm a perfectionist. Whereas, 4rd statement truely describe about me.
:laughing: I'm the only child in my family.
^_^ Agree with the idea. =)
Love the middle eastern hummus. By the way, if you do see Malaysian cuisine...do try it.
Get a second life from GOD who created you...actual fact, transform your life into a purposeful in life with people who cares about you and take it as a fact.
Can't, without my brains I can't solve my case and rationalize.
Grey best precise and accurate post. ISTJ: Si-Te-Fi-Ne. ISFJ: Si-Fe-Ti-Ne. Kind of both personality kind of.
Type 1 (the Reformer)  with 2 wing Type 1 SX Type 3 SP Type 8 SX Type 4 SX Type 2 SP Type 7 SO Type 5 SX Type 6 SP Type 9 SP
I guess I had a hunch more on 1, 5, 9.
You are most likely a type 1, 1w9. Wing 1w9 - 15.5 Wing 1w2 - 14.7 Wing 8w9 - 13.8 Wing 9w1 - 13 Wing 3w2 - 12.7 Wing 9w8 - 12.2 Wing 5w6 - 12 Wing 8w7 - 11.3 Wing 2w1 - 11.3
Surreal Breakfast but I still wonder why did Australia hate New Zealand when both compete to be the top producer of dairy products can't love one another.
Hi Helmetel...I love the fresh milk used in ice cream when I buy Australia dairy product.
thewindlistens, nice to meet you. Well, computer science really need good foundation of Mathematics...makes me wonder that the answer to the question was precise and accurate.
Nice to meet you, Merov. Wow writing a book reminds me of my dad writing a Night Baron Novel.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you. Thanks for most of the ideas in the forum.
Nice to meet you. Hope you enjoy this forum. By the way do you watch anime.
Nice to meet you Rosveen. Well, hope you don't feel discourage about the weather when it never stop raining.
Nice to meet you Zuly!!! Hope you enjoy this forum.
Hi...nice to meet you.  Hope you enjoy the forum.
Personal   * Name: Kudo Shinichi, aka Edogawa Conan, Cool Kid, Ace Spade, Savior of Japan Police Force, Sherlock Holmes of 21st Century, Silver Bullet of Black Organisation. * Male Location: Born..."


4129: 'I'm a Quaker because I was raised a Quaker.  I went through a period in my life where I looked at other religions, and I found plenty of things that either didn't make sense, or that I just didn't...
Now this, this is my kind of thread.  - What Genres do you like to play/release stress playing? I play a lot of 1-on-1 fighters  (Soul Calibur, Tekken, Mortal Kombat, Dead or Alive, nothing 2D...
I'm in the same boat as @thankxxyou.  I've only been in one relationship, but in my case, even though it ended sour, she and I worked things out and remained good friends.  I haven't gotten rid...
Handmade gifts are awesome, especially if the amount of work shows.  I'll say the same thing I say with all gift related questions though, it's almost impossible to go wrong with food.  It's useful...
Rant:  Yesterday was insane.  I had an almost road rage moment when I was trying to park.  The lot was full, it always is because the school has a chronic shortage of spots.  I waited for this woman...
I think we had this conversation a while back, or it was similar.  I believe the conclusion we came to was that we were renaming ourselves as something that had to do with robots and being totally...
I just lost a piece of popsicle. It was delicious mango. I can't find it. It's just- nowhere. Gone. I know, logically, that it can't be gone though. So that leaves two options.  1. An...
Rant:  Today is so boring.  Rave:  I did finish a new project though!  It's 4 views of the same piece, before and after blooming, with 15 blue and 15 yellow units.
http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/gallery/no/tracey-morgan-nope.gif  Can you even imagine what they'd do without us, though?
Rave:  So, I have this dramatic friend.  I totally decimated her today.  It was awesome.  Why?  Why, kuropuu, would you ever take pride in upsetting another person!?  Because she was being a total...
This sounds startlingly familiar, and as much as I hate to get emotional, I can understand where you're coming from. My best advice would be to find an outlet.  I turned back to my hobbies and after...
I suck at it.  I have to keep checking the clock constantly.  I tend to drastically overestimate things and wind up with time to kill.
I don't ever feel/think a certain way about an entire group of people.  It's rude and causes bias before you even know a person.  To me, this is like asking what white women think about black men;...
Oh gosh.  This is a great thread.  My favorite compliment would have to be Yeah, she's the smartest idiot I know.  It was a legitimate compliment.  I like to act really dull around groups because...
I read just like that.  I don't picture things, but- I don't know, it's like if it's written well enough, the words themselves are magical.  I figure it has something to do with my auditory over...
Family was the biggest part of my issue too, and eventually I was like no, this is crap.  After you finally really get that voice, it's absolutely liberating.  (Side note:  I'll be honest, I was kind...
I was sitting in the living room, contemplating stuff, when I had this awesome idea.  Why don't we just make three-legged chairs?  It would save so much material if we stopped making four-legged...
Gawd, it's been so long since I was in here.  You'd think since I have so many pictures of myself I'd be here more often, but no.  I'm too busy with things like Diablo.  Which brings me to my...
I used to have that problem, until I finally started recognizing it for what it is (a problem) and stopped making excuses for the people that were taking advantage of me, not that I think you're...
Word:  Compassion  (Though JUSTICE was a close second.)  Symbol: http://i274.photobucket.com/albums/jj251/DJ_RAW/Yin__Yang.gif And I know how generic it is, but I love the principle.
Oh my gosh, but I have so many.  I'll try to cut it down.  1.  Que sera sera. After so much crap gets thrown at you, and there's nothing you can do about it, eventually you just have to understand...
I become... a tree.  Trees are strong!  Trees are mighty and rigid!  Trees are easily defeated with a chainsaw!  But seriously though, trees are also notoriously bad about talking to people.
Dude, dude, we're back to this thread and no one told me?  For shame.  I secretly love children's picture books.  When I'm sitting in a doctor's office and I have a choice between 1 Fish, 2 Fish,...
:)  I've been told more than a few times that I must have wonderful amounts of patience, and I do, but really, I think most of it is just sheer determination.  I decided to do it, and then I did.
Rant:  I have this friend who's texting me all the time. He really likes me. I'm just not that into him, and I have made that incredibly clear.  He ends every sentence like this...  Like he's always...
Oh my gosh, everyone knows that kuropuu can't resist these, no matter how many days old they might be.  1. If you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal, would animal would represent you?...
I literally laughed out loud.  Anyway, in all actuality, most of the things mentioned here don't bother me.  The misuse of words just rolls off of me; I chuckle about it and move on.  There are...
You didn't like it when it was my avatar!  Gawd.  (I kid, I kid.  But seriously, Ginchiyo Tachibana is the stuff.)  Anyway, on to business!  Rave:  I finally have as many Tour de France medals as...
I was at an anime convention this weekend. I felt like I was the odd one out because I wasn't nerdy enough. I belong at Comic-Con. I'd be a queen there.
I love everything about myself because I'm SO SO SO AWESOME.  /kuropuu
WHAT.  WHAT. WHAT.  Why didn't I hear about this earlier!?  Assuming I'm even reading that right.
[https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/8/20/fqixa3Gq1kiTkMLmvNKIzg2.gif This is the best rage .gif I've seen in AGES. There's a little bit of language, even though it's vaguely censored.
Oooh, lots of fun stuff going on in here.  In regards to being afraid of wolves, I don't get it, but it's more a location thing I guess.  We've always had wolves and coyotes and they're constantly...
I'd post a video, but it's the ENTIRE ARTIST.  Enya.  You know what gets that out of your head? Only time.
I've done some looking in to learning styles, and I'm 100% sure I'm A>V>K.  The story tends to go that if I hear it, I know it, and so on and so forth.  So yeah, I'm the odd one out.  (I kid, I kid.)
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/08/internet-memes-too-literal.jpg I get very upset when this thread isn't first page.  This thread should always be first page.  Always.
I vote that this should become either a., a group project (because we are an army of totally invincible robots), b., some sort of nomination process, or c., a combination of the two, as in we hold a...
I am disappoint.  I thought there was going to be a classier finish.  Maybe an actual picture of a spoiler or something like Soylent Green is people!  But no.  I get nothing. Nothing!!!u200b
Awesome.u200b
I was driving with my grandmother one afternoon a few years ago, I was probably 14 (and don't worry, this story actually does have a purpose) and it was a very pivotal time in my life.  Things have...
Rant:  My church did VBS last week, and the more time I spent around these kids, the more jealous of them I became.  Their most important problems are things like she has more crayons than I do and...
I may or may not have posted this one before, and it's relatively old, but still, it applies today. Dear Optimist & Pessimist, while you were arguing about whether the glass is half-empty or...
Ah damn, you caught me.  More random note however, if you rearrange the letters in Douglas, you get USA Gold.  You know who else had a rearranged name, right?  Voldemort.  I'm on to you, Gabby...
We're so alike.  I have a very similar version of that conversation constantly.  Other person:  You're wrong. Me: No, I'm right.  I'm always right. Other person:  But I know that you're...
I'm pretty sure it's because I haven't been around as much. Things to go awfully 'cray-cray' when there's not an ISTJ in the roo- Oh.  Wait.  That doesn't apply here.
Lion
Dammit.  You took my answer.  Anyway, who I am.  I'm-  Well, this is a really hard question to answer.  It reminds me of a time someone asked me what I wanted (out of a relationship) and I had no...
Rave:  Diablo 3 is finally dealing with the 'rubberbanding' issue.  Also, I played my first multiplayer game today!  Albeit it was with a buddy of mine.  That's still a big step for me though.  I...
(Just skip to the bottom for a summary.)  I really didn't fit in anywhere.  The D&D guys were constantly trying to get me involved, but I wanted nothing to do with it.  I was too smart for the...
Rant/Rave:  I came to better understanding of how competitive I am today.  It's not everything, just the things I know I'm good at.  I get insanely bad about it.  I'm not talking bad sportsmanship,...'"


4196: 'You have the natural ability to sense others feelings and to make them feel good about themselves. This is the quite the opposite from my abilities.
Welcome to PerC !  We can definitely use more ISFJs here.
Yes I'm sure he would agree with your argument. :laughing:  I tend to be distrustful of people who I think are trying to be a little too charming. I sense that they are trying to manipulate me and...
It's been very convenient to have an evil twin brother to blame things on.:laughing:
I don't remember if he smiled more in general or just for pictures.  He clearly seemed to enjoy getting his picture taken and I clearly did not.  I'm pretty sure he's an ISTJ like me. We have very...
I don't have a single picture of myself smiling as a baby.  My identical twin brother was almost always smiling in his pics. I'm still trying to figure that one out.
That pretty much describes me as well and I'm pretty normal I think.
ISTJ villain is an oxymoron:happy:
One of my best friends is an ESTJ.  He's a retired Marine drill instructor. Welcome to PerC.
M82A1 ?   Now that's my idea of personal defense.:laughing:
You and I think a lot alike.
I think this is more a self confidence thing than anything else.  I had much the same problem until I got a job where I managed other people.  You learn a lot when you are forced to interact with...
Yes that's a worthwhile group to be part of.  Not to disparage the Northwest and I'm sure there a many fine people living there but it's nothing like Texas. The ladies down here are generally quite...
There are many but I think the characteristics I like the most about my ISTJ are her absolute devotion to family and her loyalty to everyone she cares about. I know my relationship with her will...
[QUOTE=NARCO;871317]So, my questions are basically how to being talking to the ISFJ if you  don't know who her friends are or anything about her. I mean, I can walk up to her and say hi, but after...
Yes we have had conflicts in our marriage.  Almost all our arguments have been in the area of child raising.  She has a strong nurturing nature which at times can be very smothering and...
I think this is Si.  My ISFJ wife also has a tendency to keep things that remind her of her happy childhood.  I don't keep anything I don't a use for so I think what you are describing may be a...
:happy::happy:  Hey I know how u feel.   As some people have pointed out, ISFJ's are a a lot like ISTJ's. I've been married to mine for 24 yrs. :happy: You don't have to flirt with her. Just let...
23 years of marriage for me. I don't regret a minute.
That explains my wife's attraction to me. Finally the mystery is lifted.:laughing:
I don't dance at all although there was that one incident with the fire ants.:crazy: I'm much better at singing. I'd love to try karaoke some time. I'm sure I would be better that most of the howlers...
Threats of suicide should always be taken seriously.  Males are a bit more likely to carry out suicide than females. I think he is in immediate need of professional help.  Your local police authority...
Niss you nailed it once again about stereotypes.  I have a 14 yr old son who types as an ISTP which is really no surprise to me.  There are several ways that he does not fit the ISTP stereotype at...
You could maybe start by working with him to type the personality of some of the people in his life he is close to like maybe his brother, sister or best friend. Strive to help to him to see how the...
That's better than most of the ones I've seen on the web for us. I'll leave it to my ISTJ brothers and sisters to further critique.  As for me, I'm likin' it.  Btw I'm glad to see you're no longer...
I couldn't think of worse scenario than what you described.  I'd be a total zombie by day 3.
OUCH:sad:  Hymie was the nickname a co-worker used for me years ago.  I really was way too serious back then.
That's not irrational at all :crazy:
uh....wut ?
I'm the designated spider killer in my household.  Are you sure your friend is an ISTJ ? :unsure:    Same here.  I have fears like anyone else but I think they fall solidly into the rational...
Yes nice touch...  I think the unedited version is probably more of an ESTJ motto which my teacher definately was.
As my old geometry teacher used to say :  SAY WHAT YOU MEAN AND MEAN WHAT YOU SAY
Welcome to PerC :happy:
Thanks ! I like your avatar.
Thanks !  Some say he's my EVIL twin.
Although we can be a real big stick-in-the-mud at times, we do have our lighter side. We are extremely private people so that lighter side comes out to play only if we are relaxed and comfortable...
I agree. Toastmasters will do wonders for anyone, especially the shy.  Here's a trick that works for me:  Avoid direct eye contact with your audience.  Instead, look just above the eyes at the...
Be careful. The water is a little deep here.:happy:
Well uh ....not actually.  I had an unfortunate accident while clean my pistol.:blushed:
I would be honored sir.
Fighter jets baby ! :proud:  F-16 and F-35
INTUITION ?  wtf is that ?  Sounds scarier than the zombies.:tongue:
I built model airplanes as a wee lad.  Now I work for a company that makes the big ones.:proud:
You need to go down and see the NHRA drag racing in Ennis.     I love the smell of Nitro in the morning :crazy:
My ISFJ wife has been known to do this.  Don't beat yourself up over it. Realize that most people wouldn't have even bothered to be helpful/useful in the first place.:wink:
Welcome.   Dive on in !:happy:
Here's a pic for your PP presentation.    1179
Thanks darlin:happy:
...most of your exercise comes from getting up to close the @&%$ door to your study someone left open for the 100th time.:angry:
I'd definitely want you on my side when the zombies come a callin' :crazy:'"


4248: 'I'm 21 and I first found out about the MBTI when I was 8 (my INFP ex-stepmom is a therapist and is into the MBTI :tongue:). She typed me as an ISTJ but I don't think I actually took the test until...
That's not necessarily true. I know of a lot of people (females and males) who don't want to have kids, but would like to get married. I'm sure, if you wanted to, you could find someone who shares...
Our (ISTJ) lack of touchy feely-ness definitely can be an issue -- I met my current best friend in senior year of high school and I only hugged him once that entire year (the day after graduation,...
Is this where your obsession with ENFPs started? :tongue:
Exactly! For me, if I decided to marry someone then it wouldn't be a decision that I came to lightly. And I don't mean in the usual way that people have to decide whether they're ready to commit or...
NARCO, I have the same objective when looking for a boyfriend -- If he's not someone that I could see being my husband (as in, he has the personal values that I look for in a person) then I won't...
Uh huh :proud: I was at IUPUI before and now I'm at IU!
Hi John! :)   This is true. :proud:
I'm from Indianapolis, but just this year I moved to Bloomington. :wink:   Johnnyguitarman: Sure, I'd be interesting in hearing your music!
I like animals! :laughing: I have a pet dog (a Papillon) and I love him. I definitely would have another pet (dog or cat) if I could afford to spend more money on one and afford to spend more time...
Honestly I think it would take a lot for me to even consider divorce, like an extreme circumstance - i.e. him hitting me or something. If I make a commitment to someone as serious as marriage, then I...
I rarely ever drink (and I didn't even get around to drinking on my 21st birthday) but I will have one or two drinks now socially when I go out. However, I don't do shots or anything like that and...
How am I (an ISTJ) creative? * Creative writing - I like to write stories and I was very into screenwriting for a long time (and was told by peers and professors that I'm quite good at it --...
My best friend is an INFJ! :laughing:  What I think about him: He's extremely intuitive (and prides himself on that among other things, haha), he's an artist but doesn't really like other art...
1. I'm exactly the same way - if someone wants me to know that they like me, then they'll need to spell it out and say it bluntly...otherwise I just won't know. So, yes, I'm definitely socially...
I'm the exact same way -- adverse to using social networking sites/messengers. Which basically means if the person isn't physically nearby, then there's a good chance we'll lose contact. :unsure:  ...
Welcome to PersonalityCafe!  :laughing:
Yay! I look forward to finding out. :proud: Finding out how well different types interact with each other, always intrigues me.
ISTJ, here! *waves* :laughing:  Sugarfix, out of curiosity, do you know what type your husband is (or if he would take the test)? :happy:...Just curious.
I understand and appreciate your suggestion, but I just don't think that's likely to happen. I'm all for saying hey I like spending time with you, we should do it more often (in fact, I plan to say...
Oooh, that makes more sense. So why are you in the ESFP group (or, at least, that's what it says under your username)?
The only problem is...I don't really talk about my feelings...ever (like, not even with my parents or people I'm really close friends with). I'm not sure why it's so difficult for me, but it...
Another female ISTJ? Yay! :proud: Welcome to PersonalityCafe, Sugarfix!
Off-topic (sorry) but... are you sure that you're an ESFP? :mellow: I ask, mostly because this doesn't sound very ESFP to me.
Yes, this is exactly my problem. Usually when I befriend extroverts, they'll make it obvious that they like me and want to be my friend, then we'll do something together that same day/night/weekend....
Happy response = Good sign (Yay!). At least I know I can still interpret the obvious when it comes to emotions, hehe. :proud:  I suppose that's true (about the invitations) since, as a fellow shy...
The last new movie I watched: Slumdog Millionaire  The last actual movie I watched: Before Sunrise :happy:
Thanks for responding! I hope you're right. :mellow: I just called him and said that I would go (and he sounded really happy and kind of surprised when I told him...so that's a good sign, yes?):happy:
Well I talked to him this morning during (and after) class, but I forgot to ask him about the party. However, he did  kind of invite me to go with him to a lecture/discussion on international foreign...
I guess, I just assumed it would be a big party with lots of friends and loud music. Otherwise why would he mention the part about his roommate being out of town for the weekend? Would he really have...
After thinking about it more, I've finally come to the conclusion that he really doesn't feel strongly toward me either way (he probably feels something like, If we become good friends, fine. If...
Maybe...but considering the party is with his friends, I'm sure he's comfortable with them. :tongue: Or maybe not, haha. Thanks for the input, though!
Actually, I grew up an army brat and so I've known a lot of military people (some older, some peers, and some in different areas of the military - marines, airforce, navy, etc.) and about 90% of...
That's okay. All advice is appreciated. :laughing:   I feel the same way. Even when I have gone to parties in the past with close friends, I still don't have very much fun. I'd rather just be at...
Thanks! I'm relieved to know that I'm not the only person who feels that way about parties.  As for the excuse...do I need one? Can I just tell him that the party scene really isn't for me, and...
Yeah, I'm definitely taking all the advice with a grain of salt. The other day I seemed more confident about him wanting to be friends but honestly I'm still unsure.  Today the ISFJ guy, finally...
Thanks for your input. Yeah, I definitely think I'm going to have to just suck up my shyness and go ahead and take the initiative. I would hate to lose something that could turn into a good...
I understand this. I could feel that there is a connection between us and the potential for a good friendship, but he may not feel the same way. I definitely accept that.  Thanks for your opinion...
Oh I understand now, thanks!  That's true, I hadn't thought about it like that before.  That's a good point. I do think that it would bother me if I was the one who constantly had to take the...
I just first wanted to say Thank You for giving me your perspective. I'm an introvert so I didn't think it'd be that hard to figure out a introverted male...but it definitely is a lot more difficult...
Haha is it? The office supplies store used to be my favorite place as a kid. Then, when I was 19, I worked there for the summer. In the interview I told them how much I used to (but still) love it...
Haha, I thought so. But all the types have flaws. Like with me...if someone expects me to hug them and go into detail about my love and feelings for them on a daily basis, then they'll be sorely...
I think the bolded part is the problem. With some of the INTJ's I've known, they can seriously hold a grudge. Then they end up remaining isolated from that person. With time, they don't deal with...
Haha yeah...not many of us around, unfortunately. :bored:
I do this all the time. Everything else I don't really do (except for the mom&flowers thing one time). :proud:   This would annoy me. . . not make me feel the love :tongue: And if a person did...
I'm the same. As long as I'm prepared for the questions, I can speak confidently and without hesitation. But if they ask me something I didn't prepare for, then I'll definitely have to pause for a...
Haha. So true... :tongue:  Welcome to the forum, Naydra!
Hmm...when I was a kid I wanted to be a lawyer. I also loved office supplies, so I definitely wanted to have a nice office of some kind. :wink:
The exact same thing happened with me. I took this history course once and barely ever spoke in class. Then we each had to give this big presentation, in a lecture hall filled with about 100+...
Wow...yeah. I'd have to agree with this. I absolutely loved being friends with an INTJ, the intellectual conversation was very stimulating and enjoyable. But they hold a grudge like no other, and  a...'"


4251: 'No, that it not how I view boundaries. I don't (or rather, do my best not to) change people or control them. I do think of it in a positive light of self-worth and like that part of your explanation....
It's not punishment, it's a consequence.  We may be approaching this from the opposite ends of the spectrum. I know my cult situation was extreme, but I saw women waste years in relationships by...
This. ^^^ I tried being nice for a long time and it just didn't work.
HA! :laughing:  Liking people has nothing to do with it. I do it because it helps me be less abrasive so I get along better with people which makes my life more   efficient.   Less drama...
It's not that I see emotions/stories as useless. I don't understand them. :confused: They're like some strange language that I don't process.   Hence why (for me) I'm not sure if it's an ISTJ thing...
It drains me. Both of my parents are the black sheep of their families, so no matter what I do/don't do, being their child means that I'm never good enough.   I prefer to hang out with my immediate...
Yes, I can relate. When I went to church I especially hated random stories about anonymous people that were supposed to support the message of the sermons. I always wondered what point it had to...
I wish my boss wasn't my boss. It's not that he's a bad guy at all.   He's a GREAT guy. I don't want to get friendly/chummy because I think it's inappropriate with my job situation but I think he'd...
Find books on body language and practice faking emotions. Learn how to listen to people, even if you don't care. Pauses, sympathy nods, caring hugs, etc, can ALL be faked.    It's a good skill to...
I...um.....er.....eh.....   *gulps* :unsure:   make silly dances at my coworkers....  and they tell me the people in white coats coming to get me. :frustrating:
My family (extended family included) has a bad habit of not resolving agreements, holding grudges for years, barely speaking because of these grudges, and then playing...
I grew up fundamentalist. (Read more about it here.)   I'm still a Christian but I'm also doing a lot of detoxing from growing up in a cult. Other Christians, hymns, sermons, etc. trigger me, so...
Good plan!!! Thanks. :happy:
*coming late to the thread*  I work in food service. I've heard all my life how it sucks and is horrible, but it doesn't bother me like I thought it would.   Some random things that have helped...
I'm back after being really busy with real-life stuff lately.   So many threads... how to catch up with them (is it even possible???)..... :confused: :shocked:
Actually, no. I grew up in a cult, remember? :dry: The worst bitch that I've ever met was a controlling mother who sabotaged all her daughter's friendships whenever she felt threatened by someone she...
To me, this is not ISTJ behavior as much as narcissistic jerk behavior.  Really controlling men isolate their wives/girlfriends from their friends/family. It's not an obvious I forbid you to see...
Sometimes with friends that's just what you gotta do. My best friend and I met our first day of college and have been friends for 7 years. Our opinions can be extreme opposites and honestly we have...
I've gone to old teachers with my problems. It was actually pretty helpful, especially when I wrote the dreams down and reread them a year later. Their assessment and advice was right on the money. ...
My parents are the same way. My Mom had a Bronco II that she drove until it was only running on 2 out of 4 cylinders and it was making grinding noises. After a while she said, If this was a REAL...
Rant: I've been trying to learn mindfulness after sleepyhead 's suggestion in a thread on the 5 subforum.   So, I'm supposed to lay on my back and listen to the guided meditation for 35 minutes. I...
If Qadosh 's drink isn't falling out of his glass, does that mean we're the ones that are upside down? :shocked:
kinesthetic -8 Visual -4 Auditory -4  I'm more visual than auditory, not sure why they came out even.
Today was my last day working in the cafe and V. (an old guy that's real sweet who keeps joking about finding me a man to marry me off to) was crying because he'll miss me and I'm a good kid.  ...
No, I don't think you're immature and I'm sorry if it came off that way. I was talking about stupid people in general.
Phobias I can understand. I have really bad vertigo and don't even like to stand on chairs, so I know it's not rational or something that can be controlled.   But immature Kill it just because...
My 2 cents....  Stereotypical touchy-feelery subjects can be intensely technical. I got a B.A. in Music and the upper level music classes were the most difficult analytical classes I've ever had....
snowbell,  No, not usually. I just don't like killing animals unless absolutely necessary. I try to be knowledgeable about snakes, spiders and insects too so that I don't kill something just...
That test is a joke. My Dad is an EXTREME narcissist who almost (but not quite) believes he's the best thing since sliced bread and he'll never admit to any of those negative traits that the test...
WARNING: SERIOUS POST  Rant: I wish my family wasn't so @#$###@# dysfuntional. My step-grandmother's cancer came back in her liver. She's stopping all chemo and is just gonna let things take their...
Well... I'm the ripe old age of 26 so take my advice with whatever grain of salt you want. :tongue:  I realized earlier this year that I'm completely oblivious to my blind spots. (I can be a bit of...
I haven't seen those.   *adds them to watch list*    I'd count them as sci-fi, especially since a lot of writers use sci-fi as a vehicle for social commentary (rather like how the Romulans are...
It was thanksgiving break and I forgot that everyone was leaving and that the campus closed early. I commuted and my ride home wasn't coming until 10pm that evening. So, I got some books from the...
Niss' post had some good ideas. My own 2 cents....  Real emotional intimacy takes time, especially for us ISTJ's. I have a conversation course that I've been doing which has similar suggestions to...
Yes, it borders on fantasy. The technology is often just thrown in with no explanation of culture, background, or schematic, making it more like magic. The classic seasons have far more techno-geek...
Yes, I love sci-fi/fantasy (sometimes there's a LOT of overlap, particularly with Doctor Who).
*warning* *warning* *touchy feelery picture alert*  Quarantine in progress. All remaining ISTJs will be checked for contamination.
I was driving to work yesterday, minding my own business, driving safely and STILL almost totaled the car because a   BEAR  ran across the highway. Thankfully I didn't panic and just slam on my...
Actually, making stupid complaints and laughing at myself for being silly helps me deal with the hard stuff. IRL I'm intensely private and don't like to discuss my problems, not even with my friends....
I would take your parents' opinion with a grain of salt. Family members can sometimes be too close to judge whole personalities objectively. My INTJ sister and my still-untyped mother were ALWAYS...
My sister is an INTJ. We have NEVER gotten along. She has the same attitude that DaisyChain mentioned where she'll do anything for her save-the-world-causes but you'd better crawl off somewhere and...
Rant: I watch too much TV. :unsure: :crying: :sad:  And how do I know this, you ask?   I had a job interview today. One of the interviewers could have been Anthony Hopkins' brother. He had the...
It's not, at least for me. I've heard of metronomes (and other rhythm devices) being used for hypnosis, but I'm a musician so plain-jane clicking/beeping sounds sound very bleh to me.   And good...
The way I do it, I don't have to focus. I use a metronome and breathe in/out for counts that aren't ever longer than 5. I have a circle of beads (sorter like a rosary) and one bead = one breathing...
I did the same thing. :laughing:  The relief of knowing that I wasn't a crazy loon was incredible.
Have you tried meditating before going to sleep? Especially yoga breathing exercises that focus on the breath?  They help me when I have extreme insomnia. My brain may be going a...
No, the really truncated version would be to say you're perfect. :wink: Which I tell people constantly. :proud:  Other person: Why do you do that? Me: Because I'm perfect. Other person: But...
Rhee 's snails made me think about all the small, squishy, slimy creatures in the yard...  And now there's at least a dozen slugs that slide onto the deck every night and when I take the dog out...
This is going to sound really hokey, but it's what's helped me in being over-sensitive to criticism (which I am, despite being an ISTJ robot).   Defining a Problem  My Problem is  This sounds...
No, I keep them bunched together in alphabetical order and when something gets done I just flip the card over so the blank side is facing up. In the morning I reset it and put all the cards facing...'"


4642: 'He really was, he still is. I honestly think he was the best thing that ever happened to me. Like, he has literally changed my life.
None, the encounter left me literally speechless. I didn't talk for a few days. I didn't eat much either. I just wore his shirts. I didn't even listen to any music. Nothing cheered me up. Because to...
Yeah, he remembered and treated me horribly. I created a Twitter fanpage just for him and like any other fanpage I said hilarious crazy stuff to attract followers and get people to notice him....
I asked all of his band members and him at the same time. I put the setting to where they both can see what each other is saying. I didn't want to make it seem like I was going behind his back. I was...
Upper Respiratory Viral Infection.
Well, The very first concert I went to I contracted URVI from him or somebody from his band. I private messaged him on social media and asked If he or anyone from his band had the URVI and it just...
I actually no longer stan him because he actually hates me but I have videos of him talking and its glorious. Haha, I don't think he hates me but I think he thinks I am creepy af.
Yeah i'm like 99.999% sure i'm an ISFP. Every now and then I'll read something that will make me think i'm an INFP, but i'm pretty positive i'm ISFP. I didn't really have a clear idea of Ne-Si vs...
Yeah i'm like 99.999% sure i'm an ISFP. Every now and then I'll read something that will make me think i'm an INFP, but i'm pretty positive i'm ISFP. I didn't really have a clear idea of Ne-Si vs...
Let me just tell you, okay? his hair is so fucking nice. When he walks past you his hair bounces. Its shiny too. I was in a dark venue so his hair wasn't as shiny but gosh was it bouncy. His eyes...
Let me just tell you, okay? his hair is so fucking nice. When he walks past you his hair bounces. Its shiny too. I was in a dark venue so his hair wasn't as shiny but gosh was it bouncy. His eyes...
I met him. :)
Lol, no I just really enjoy him.
DJ/********* was fuckin' sexy as fuck. I am so mad that he deleted his channels. That guy was a complex - enigma. He was fucking legendary. I am not saying this because he is one of the sexist...
Well, I am not smart at all but my GPA is at a 3.7 and I am only a freshman. I hear that's really good. I also finished my 9th grade year in 3 months. Ew, bragging makes me feel weird.
Hm and you are an ISFP? I just wonder because people have been trying to convince me I was ISFP one time when I made a thread around these parks or another. I am an ISTJ though. I love Lana Del Rey....
[
Which ones are your favorites?
That's because I am not an INFP.
You are welcome! I posted here before when I thought I was an INFP. I'm not an INFP, lol.
476570 476578
What personality type would write something like this? Sometimes i think about those that have affected me in the years that I have been alive. I don't like to think about so much as how they have...
Hello, fellow people. I am an ISFJ, however I have always wanted to know what type I looked like. If you'd like to add the extra stuff like socionics then you may. I'm just curious to see what you...
Hello fellow ISFJ, I have another post about our fellow match made in heaven ESFP. It isn't a horrible match at all. In fact, Its quite interesting. It is accurate to call this an ''intriguing...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyK-kD55s4o  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIagfv0s-ig  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IqCfxgKZd8  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0CYB5V9e64 ...
What does it mean when an ESTP is trying to play it cool or play something off? I normally read about them being okay with expressing how they feel to someone they are interested in. I lurked around...
SCENARIO 1  FOCUS ON YOUR FEELING PROCESS HERE  Your significant other just ended your 2 year relationship quite suddenly and with no apparent explanation. Up until this point you had both been...
I've studied over cognitive functions numerous times, day & night. I have taken numerous personality test; but I cannot seem to find the BEST fit. I have NLD (Nonverbal Learning Disorder) I was...
I've studied over cognitive functions numerous times, day & night. I have taken numerous personality test; but I cannot seem to find the BEST fit. I have NLD (Nonverbal Learning Disorder) I was...
.
Thank you!
.
I've studied over cognitive functions numerous times, day & night. I have taken numerous personality test; but I cannot seem to find the BEST fit. I have NLD (Nonverbal Learning Disorder) I was...
I'm here, I've been mistyping myself as an INFP because I felt like I wasn't smart enough to be an INTP. That is when I remembered I have a disorder (NLD) that is very popular amongst INTPs. It is...
Wow, I was just reading about this very thing. I would personally like to know as well.
And, it doesn't I just had this realization one day that I belonged in California. I never noticed the theme in my interests.
What I adore about Courtney is her ability to lie through her teeth and to recreate another life. I've never seen Six Feet Under and I adore the Seattle Sound.
Hi.
422834 422842
Hello, I am Daey, I am about 15 years of age. I found out today I was actually INTP instead of INFP. I am going to quickly share some facts about me; however only because I do not feel like writing...
Vocal, meaning that the ESTP has not only began to show you; but has began to tell you he likes/loves you. I noticed that ESTPs aren't the most vocal personality type. They aren't used to talking...
Boys On The Radio Malibu Turpentine Burn Black Dicknail Drown Soda Pacific Coast Highway Sugar Coma Best Sunday Dress Asking For It
There are so many Hole fans on this forum. What is your favorite song of theirs? I ADORE BOTR.
I see that you enjoy Courtney Love.
417946
15 in two months.
No he wasn't in trouble in that manner, Its a religious thing.
So, recently there has been a guy whom has taken interest in me; However because of an age difference he cannot really act on his emotions right now. I am a teenager and he is an adult.   We...
There hasn't been any of that involved. I have not had sex with him, meh I don't know what to think of it anymore. I notice he is sorta distancing himself away because people have been seeing what he...
Woah, this is my shit!'"


4672: 'I like babies and playing with them. But when I play with them I throw myself on the floor, I roll around, play with toys its just like being a kid again.
It is so funny to see what you guys write because its like exactly what I think. I HATE being emotional in front of people and when I see girls crying I just need to run away haha I cant emphatize...
This is a nice thread lol Im in a relationship with an ENFJ and I keep hurting his feelings( unintentionally). We are so different, he likes to be with me all the time and i feel suffocated. I need...
I do like make up and shopping but only online so I dont have to interact with other humans :laughing: and I love having male friends however right now I am in a relationship and he doesnt like that...
Hi, i'm an ISTJ mom as well. If I have yo be around other moms I just stay there quietly and try to avoid any boring conversation like gossip, emmotional stuff... Im glad I saw your post. I've felt...
You know you are an ISTJ when you carry toilet paper in your purse...   You never know...
Haha That's me
When... - you realize you are like Dilbert - you enjoy going to walmart with your paper list - you measure absolutely everything with time - you do exactly the same thing every morning before...
I have an outstanding memory, I can remember flavors from something that I ate when I was a little girl. I remember a lot of details from a situations such as a scent, the weather... So weird Haha ...
I'm feeling a bit down, too constricted at home and 0 socializing :(   What more inspiring than a lot of bright happy colors???   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhheiPTdZCw
I am like that all the time, it's just my way of making a conversation!
I don't know exactly how to flirt but it happens to me often that people think that I am flirting when I actually not
Indeed Haha
Usually is the same for me, most of the people like me but there is always an individual that hates me haha
I agree with the others, saying the truth and apologizing is the best way to go :)
I don't like dressing up or thinking like everyone else does. I think I'm pretty unique when it comes to some of the things that I like or my way of seeing things.
I hate being late, I am always on time. If I'm going out with my friends and they say Let's meet at 7pm I am ready at 5:30 Haha, when I get there at 7pm they all get there until 8... So I managed...
When I am attracted to someone I blush a lot, I SWEAT a lot, I start shaking Haha  I don't know how to flirt, I try to find excuses to talk to them, I avoid eye contact or immediately I'll start...
Hum... It depends on the situation, I do consider myself a really good liar. But I don't like to lie I rather say the thruth even if it hurt someone else's feelings...
- I focus a lot in my duties - I am extremely punctual - Detail oriented - Completely dependable when it comes to meeting a goal at work
That is exactly what I am talking about :)
â™¥
My relationship with my INTJ is great... We felt attracted the minute we saw each other. I love his sense of humor, we talk about everything, I love cuddling with him and when I have a problem he...
My mom says I am a cat when I need food or a hug I am around but when I don't need anything I just disappear Haha
Oooohhh I feel the same way...  Also I am very paranoid about other peoples intentions because I feel that they are going to turn their back at me....
I had a dream where I couldn't take a monkey outside my closet and he did this strange noise which made me feel very scared. And I remember my dad saying to me give him the orange!!! And this...
Ohhh God... Where do I start haha My dreams are the weirdest things in the world Haha I usually dream about work, my beloved one, my baby and THE END OF THE WORLD the last one is pretty common for me...
111842  111850
Wooow that is kind of my situation... Right now I am with a INTJ. I think of him as the one. I really love him and I don't want to loose him! I am also a single mom and he has been there for us since...
- I don't like to stare at other people's eyes and I feel awkward because I know that they feel weird about it - My eyebrows and my ears - My tone of voice - Talking in public - Sometimes I keep...
That is called being assertive and that is one step closer to feeling better about yourself!  I completely agree with Lilsnowy!
Let me tell you something that I've learned it doesn't matter how everyone else sees you. The important thing here is that you start to see yourself as this unique great human being. Start focusing...
I like cats but I don't want to get one bec I know how the story will end!!!  The thought of a badger being this smart never crossed my mind!!! They will be the cat's enemies for sure!!!
Same here ahaha
Hahaha That's my kind of humor...
Ok... I have this theory about cats wanting to run the world and have us as their human slaves.   I have many friends that owns lots and lots of cats which in my personal opinion I find it...
I will love my child to be an INTJ... Intellectual who always have to find solutions
I have the same feeling, at first I though I was ISFJ, then I felt more ISTJ and then I realized ENFP is more like me... So now I am just confused...
I just feel the dark humor building up in my mind and trying to get out of my mouth... Usually when I say something people just tell You are soooo weird... and they laugh which is something good......
I have a really dark sense of humor as well and I am quite sarcastic, I can't help it.
Ohhh I think this is convincing me more and more that I might be ENFP    I feel related :D
What I am writing is not made up, it doesn't make sense for me to make up something just for the sake of it. Probably I'm not explaining myself properly. I'm sorry about that. Still I appreciate you...
For me, we talk about it in a playful manner but sometimes I think the deal is a little bit more serious for him...  I know this annoying hehe
Don't get me wrong, when this kind of situation happens we speak of it in a playful way. He is not demanding who am I allowed to speak with. He knows that I am not going to restrain myself of having...
He accepts that he is jealous. He says I don't like to see you laughing with X person and I ask him Are you... Jealous?. I am... :( He responds...   Actually I am the one who doesn't like to...
We spend the afternoon in bed watching TV and we order some chinese food it was great! :happy:     You think? For me is the first time that I feel really comfortable with someone. Usually in my...
I used to think I was ISTJ but then I was looking at the ENFP profile and it seems a lot like me... That's why I removed my type... Because I am confused haha   Anyways...  I try not to bother...
I took different tests and I get ISXJ buuut when I read about ENFP it feels a lot like me... I think I'll keep reading until I find out what is more similar to me... Thanks for the suggestions guys!
I think that every type has it's own way of being romantic. For example for me being romantic is taking care of another persons needs and making them feel stable. But I don't feel the need of writing...
That's true, I should spend my time enjoying everything instead of focusing on the bad stuff... Which is not even that bad'"


4685: 'I very much agree with many of the points made in that lecture. Without question, there is globally a crisis of leadership and many educational institutions have and are presently exacerbating this...
1. If you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal, would animal would represent you? Either an Owl or an Eagle... probably an Owl.  2. Name an accomplishment that you are proud of...
I think one important reason why there are not more in-depth topics is simply because such topics generally digress into intense debates, which are emotionally draining and accomplish almost nothing....
Rant: I have to write about my nature/personality in a comprehensive entertaining manner. I think I'd have more success describing the dynamic nature of a piece of cardboard! Argh!
The things you do over and over represent your influence - Dan Rockwell (I assume).
I normally don't listen to this kind of music, but nonetheless...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQyb_zV51HM&list=AL94UKMTqg-9B9tpopGYzsXM-SctNSTGsj&index=4&feature=plcp
My foray into KPop continues...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZwSDPJAuaw
It is a difficult, although not an impossible thing (tactlessness) to control. I've been told that I am direct, but generally not tactless, although I still put my foot in it at times. That seems...
Should such an unrealistic war occur, I believe ISTJ's would be at least, one of the last peoples standing. It was Cicero who once stated that The sinews of war are infinite money. ISTJ's are well...
While I listen to various KPop groups and soloists, TVXQ is without doubt my favourite! I Completely agree with Changmin being an ISTJ. I thought of him as possibly being an INTJ however, the way...
This appliance in not intended for use by persons with reduced physical, sensory or mental capabilities, or lack of experience and knowledge... - Rice Cooker instructions. Misanthropists and...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQP0A9wJq3A&feature=my_liked_videos&list=LLMDQu0RXBp_CuwoIuapE23A
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikVeY0brtXU
It is an extra dividend when you like the girl you've fallen in love with - Clark Gable.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqdtzJvliMk
My friends and a number of my colleagues have told me I can be quite funny. Apparently I vary from having a witty sense of humour to doing something unexpected: describing something in dramatic, if...
Brian Joo - Let this die.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c9Z4vQO_hI&list=UUrajlrOym-VsGwvIw7WAzhA&index=1&feature=plcp
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. Martin Luther King, Jr.
I only realised roughly 24 hours ago that today would be Valentine's Day.. just found this quote: u200eWe fall in love when our imagination projects nonexistent perfection upon another person. One day,...
I didn't realise until recently how shattered some people felt after after I had responded to their stimuli. I remember one time telling a friend of mine about an argument I had with someone who I...
I am a traditionalist. I personally feel sometimes devastated by how Western society has become a largely spiritual, social, cultural & political wasteland. I can't say I want x children and a house...
I get that ... dw
niss Even if you thought you were/are ... smarter than the average bear, so what? There are a number of members of this forum, esp. INTJ's (if I recall rightly) who affirm intellectual elitism! ...
I thought the most perplexing thing about that story was that a seemingly typical guy would keep a diary!
I think most of my friends are fairly intelligent - one of them especially is smarter than me. However, I think with the possible exception of one friend, my general knowledge is greater....
Some of the Actors I like are: Peter O'Toole - What can I say? A truly great actor he did brilliantly as TE Lawrence in Lawrence of Arabia. Gregory Peck - The quiet, serious persona... Anthony...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-zRAQmKUkI&ob=av2e  Rather contrived, but shooting someone in the end is bound to get my vote lol.
I'm not normally a tea drinker, however lately I've been trying Ginseng Oolong tea. All I do is put the rolled tea leaves in the tea infuser and let the tea sit in hot water for about 20 minutes or...
One of the annoying things about being an ISTJ for me is that people tend to think that I worry, analyse or criticise too much and upon providing my reasons they sympathise or agree with me! Arrgh! ...
Doubtless there are many things about myself that I should improve: Think more positively, actively engage with people more, not be afraid to 'put my best foot forward', not be as disappointed in...
Uhuh ... hmmmmm WTF?! Are you sure? Who told you that? I see We shall see Implicit in your assertion is the assumption that I give a f***! That's erroneous! That's nonsense!...
The following quotes contrived by (Dr) Samuel Johnson:  As I know more of mankind, I expect less of them, and am ready now to call a man a good man, upon easier terms than I was formerly 1781. ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sf0C-0YonU&feature=related
You are a concerned thinker.  About you You are a thinker Your cautiousness, appreciation of functionality, and imagination combine to make you a THINKER. You have a vivid capacity for imagery...
I'm emotionally tired and largely disillusioned with people. I feel at times frustration; being isolated (and needing it to a point) and desiring to 'engage' with others. However, frequently, I feel...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvqrDGAMdio&feature=feedlik
Reason is itself a matter of faith. It is an act of faith to assert that our thoughts have any relation to reality at all GK Chesterton.  u200eThe worship of will is the negation of will... If Mr....
I lurk here for 3 reasons: 1. I'm really an IXTJ, although I feel more like an ISTJ than an INTJ, depending on the context. 2. An old friend of mine is an INTJ, When we were at uni, we would...
I love quotations!  Have I therefore become your enemy because I tell you the truth? Galatians 4:16.   â€œWithout education we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VukdPx73Bh0
Being empathetic, talented at discerning what is at the heart of a person, excelling in avoiding conflict: although, arguably some people ultimately need to be confronted, rather than avoided or...
Yes, he seemed to know precisely how much naughtiness he could get away with from each person in my family!
The late and dearly loved Rex. My German Shepherd-Kelpie cross. He was such a lovely creature... got him from a shelter. He was apparently treated cruelly by his original owner (regular beatings I...
I very much agree - those questions can't factor in the 'true' dynamics between people.  Insofar as the OP is concerned, I think for me at least, want/need constitute a dichotomy, . Which is a...
Jane Eyre - it was alright.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWXQUDfQz5I&feature=related
Danoz direct products pay by credit card and get x free!. Also weightloss products, complete with the then and now photographs - funny how nearly always the 'subjects' are better dressed and have...
I feel that my head says no to having children, but my heart is more sympathetic to the idea. I personally don't mind children, however the idea of raising children in an increasingly dysfunctional...
oh my goodness ...
[/QUOTE]  Argumentum ad absurdum :proud:'"


4707: 'Tatoe arashi ga hukou tomo, tatoe oonami areru tomo. Kogidasou tatakai no umi he, tobikomou tatakai no uzu he... Mitsumeau hitomi to hitomi, nukumori wo shinjiau. Go nin no nakama!   Welcome.
If ever you decided to bring this issue up, I think your boyfriend's gonna make you feel real bad about snooping on him to save face from that embarrassing moment. He most probably had a hunch that...
High... as I assumed.
Too much theories. Like pot-heads.
2nd/3  1st born is a male INFJ last born is uknown.
Relations of Benefit between psychological (personality) types   http://www.socionics.com/rel/common/graph/100.jpgThese relations are asymmetrical. One partner,  called the Benefactor, is always...
@Topic No it doesn't. I am the threat.  @Mercer Get around people that you like. Try not to push them away. Light some cig.  @Athena How many kids ya got ma'am?
^ There you are! I finally caught you online!  @Topic How come Mr. Predictable is not on the title list?
I tolerate everything completely. Then some random time in the future, I do the same thing to the other party.
Whenever I put a hand on top of someone's shoulder an involuntarily squeal comes out -please don't hurt me.
... when you're bothered by the look of the hanging picture on the wall slightly tilting to the left.
^ Bull  Type O here
20 M   Cognitive Process    Level of Development (Preference, Skill  and Frequency of Use) extraverted Sensing (Se) ********************  (20.3) limited  use
^ LOL:laughing: Mostly yeah... http://personalitycafe.com/istj-articles/3157-istj-borefest.html
^ Same here...  When I meet someone new, the conversation goes into standstill after asking the basics.
^ I think she's still married as of now. She's the most mature and sensible ENTP I know. She'll have no problem with guys falling for her. I'm just wondering why she's into anti-social robotic...
:mellow: Infidels! I kill you!
SJ haters.
SJs can't solve wha?
Stop the resistance and insubordination. Submit to his demands.  Oh sorry, nevermind...
I'm not very proud of my history. Well... let's just say that my parents are very controlling. I must obey what they want no matter how ridiculous it is or they would take away something of so much...
I'm only spending for necessity. Other than that, I'd just wait for great opportunities to get my wants.
Y'all expect me to say somethin dontcha? :laughing: Ya guys made me smirk for moment there as I was readin yar replies. :blushed: <---I don't go into that state normally, in fact I can't remember...
^ Everyone, in different personalities, says that here in the forums.  I'm wondering why outside the virtual world, we don't get that much attention.  :mellow:
.... ........ :mellow:
...when you're intolerant of shallow behavior.
Certified public accountant
RARE. Never weird, highly valued. I only know one girl who supplies me my nitro glycerin needs from chem labs.   Oh sorry, I'm going off topic.
I once had this belief of showing emotions is exposing weakness. That belief conditioned my mind to control emotional outbursts. Now, I think the conditioning was overdone. I feel less likely to get...
High expectations. If I'm a subordinate, they should perform way be better than I do.   Strike one, reprimanded. Strike two, deserve suspension. Strike three, step down.
^ Why are you ExxP types so interested about ISTJs here in the forums? I encounter some of ya in real life but I sense that most of ya think of me as that mute loner that y'all just wanna...
I dislike gambling, especially if I can't control the odds to my favor.  Can't we buy the minimum emotional stocks and observe if the stocks gonna multiply or go bankrupt after a certain amount of...
Shadow type? Ninja? I'm sorry, I'm Asian I can't comprehend much of western lingo unless google is available. :laughing: If you mean like a bipolar or schizophrenic, I guess I have to agree with...
^ Thanks... it's all bull BTW. Truth's less interesting than that. :laughing::laughing::laughing:
What would it take to reveal our feelings? Wow... I didn't know we have those.  Lemme tell ya a story.  When I was in high school there was this girl behind me on a line where you order food at...
Time out... painfully slow time...:mellow: Na, you'll get back on together in no time.
I've never been married but once I do and kids are born, I'll probably stick with the marriage no matter how unhappy it is. Oh wait. That's the only option here in my country, we don't have divorce...
I... umm... ahh... err... oh nevermind...
Better salary? Blackwater.
^ Umm... I don't wanna be rude here but where's the part where the ISTJ  enters the picture from that ABAB talk?
... when everyone seems to get awkward atcha.
I've been consuming coconut juice every lunch for the past 6 months.  Repetitive behavior is common among us.
Try me.:proud:
@topic INTJs do. That's what me and my INTJ best friend talk about most the time, ridiculing other people's smartlessness. It never gets old... :laughing:
... when kids get bored atcha.
Well... As far as my experience has gone through... No matter how irrational and pointless the sermon is, arguing will just cause more tension. Better to just zip it and just walk away...
@topic Do nothing. You'll get used to it.
He wasn't. He's bloody serious.:mellow: Timing of inquiry is bloody essential...
@Athena  This is a more interesting info.:laughing:
...when you probably order to shoot down a plane with around 250 people inside, in order to save more than a thousand.'"


4728: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDOuWEniNHI
Just got home from work, eating dinner and posting here before I dive into some Final Fantasy 14 for the evening. :)
5 Taco's. :)
Eh hard to say. I'm always a mixed bag of emotions and thoughts. Last day of vacation though, so that's a bit sad. But feeling positive for the future, so that's good. :)
League of Legends Hearthstone Hex Rust Final Fantasy 14 Marvel Heroes
Hamburgers. Funny thing is that last time I posted most of my food was from a box, and well it's not changed that much. BUT i do attempt to make food such as Hamburgers now. :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ak_ujxsRG1I#t=67  Creative, and amazing work. :)
1) Robotech, yes the english version. Enjoyed it much more than the Macross Japanese version. 2) Toradora!, best romantic/comedy ever. 3) Love Hina, again a good romantic/comedy 4) Ranma 1/2,...
Aubbs I always knew you were a robot...now it's official. :)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=0nlJuwO0GDs  I really like the song that was created for this new champion in league of legends. I hope to see more content like this.
This season: Golden Time tends to be the title I'll focus on this season as it's created by the creator of Toradora!.
If anyone is planning on getting Final Fantasy 14 and is looking for a Free Company/Guild to join feel free to message me. I don't know how strong the gaming community is for an MMO but for those...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0m_nA4iOKw
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0m_nA4iOKw  A great song, filled with spoilers for those that watch the show and know who they are referring to. :)
Dragon's Prophet, Skyrim and like 20 other titles.
3 Soft Tacos with Sour Cream and extra cheese from Del Taco. :)
Well I guess this sums up my day  https://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/45261_10100266065055797_463662923_n.jpg  Hit the 1000 ticket jackpot on one of the new machines at Dave and Busters...
Happy 10,000 posts. Lord that is a lot of posting. :)
too many titles to really focus on just one.  -EvoLand -Bleed -Skyrim: Legendary Edition -WoW -Shadowrun Returns -Payday 2 -Dust: An Elysian Tail -Van Helsing
Ah well I'm ok I suppose. Many new folks have joined from the last time I really was able to be active here so it's nice to see so many new faces.  Overall work is work. I had a small love life but...
I'm surfing the web, getting ready to eat something, and debating what to do for the rest of the evening. As someone who works overnights and tomorrow is my first night back, I'll stay up all night...
Pot Roast meal with a slice of bread.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5t99bpilCKw  This seems to be on the local radio a lot as of late, but I will always know it as the opening song for Borderlands
I rewatched Super Troopers then Avengers last night. :)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuUHksO-Qdw
Sometimes I enjoy playing through older titles and I find that some titles that have been out for awhile still hold up today.  Dragon Quest 8 for the PS2 holds up for the Music. I still can't get...
I'm hoping in the next testing cycle or the one after they allow people to stream gameplay. I'd love to stream the gameplay. I can't really say that the screenshots don't do justice to the overall...
Well just finished taking part in the 48 hour Final Fantasy 14 Phase 3 beta, PC Version. I hate to repost my thoughts so I'll copy and paste my facebook post and some forums posts I used to describe...
Chrono Trigger will always be a classic, as well as the soundtrack from Suikoden 2.
I'm doing well. I've been really busy with work so I've not posted here as much as I used to. My ex and kids moved to Texas so I'm living in Colorado till I decide to move somewhere else where I can...
A burrito and two taco's from Del Taco. Picked up breakfast for a friend and myself.
Watching Masterchef on Hulu.com. Trying to catch up on TV that I've missed.
See I'm always playing games, so it's hard to keep my list up to date.  -Tomb Raider -Hotline Miami -Ragnarok Online 2 -Magic the Gathering 2013 -Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed...
Hamburger Helper and some cookies with milk. :)
Iron Man 3: It was alright, in perspective it was well done for what it was. Someone said on another board it answered the question that was posed in the Avengers by Captain America. When you take...
Eating cookies and drinking some milk while watching the series Copper on Netflix. A cop series set in 1865 in the New York 5 points area. :)
I'm tired, a lot of things going on right now in my life. Part of the reason I've not been around these boards as of late. But I felt that I should post here as I have enjoyed my time here. :)...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMmAsqtGRmk  Might be old, but man it's great!
You know I really enjoy smite. I've been playing for a long time and stopped for awhile. A friend picked up 2012 and 2013 convention skins as well that I used and now I've been spending more time in...
4 Soft Tacos, Extra Cheese, Sour Cream from Del Taco. :)   I work nights so getting something hot that I don't need to make after working for 12-14 hours is hard here. Either Subway or Del Taco for...
Ore no Imouto ga Konnani Kawaii Wake ga Nai new season started. Lots of great series coming back for this spring season. :)
I've been playing Assassin's Creed 3 on the PC. Was able to pick up the Deluxe Edition for 39.99 awhile ago and it really does shine on the PC with the graphics. Great game so far. ...
Well if you were not just staring at Connor from AC 3 perhaps you could make time to play. =p
Finished Bioshock Infinite. Total time was just shy of 15 hours on Hard. Great game, first game I've really enjoyed in sometime. I  could care less for the gameplay and spend more time just in the...
The Hobbit, yeah late to the party I know. :)
Watching Breaking Bad and getting ready to dive back into Bioshock Infinite.
Bioshock Infinite, first game I've really, really enjoyed in the last year. PC version with ultra settings. So pretty.  Assassin's Creed 3, picked up deluxe edition on the cheap for the PC.  Need...
This season seems like their should be a number of good titles. :)
You know, I really don't mind the issues I suppose. From what I have played of the game it's a fun, enjoyable title. The DRM issues, and online connection, and the general problems they are having...
SimCity. I am interested in getting a number of PerC folks together and making a region of just PerC community members. I think the biggest region can hold up to 16 players. The social aspects are...'"


4782: 'This site is good: https://www.16personalities.com/isfp-personality, but it's a lot of information and it's tough to use as a comparison tool to tell which aspects might be different between two...
And how about ISFP description?
Lol read that literally at first... Must be hungry!  https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/woman-chocolate-smiling-cute-girl-holding-eating-giant-cocoa-chocolate-bar-near-pink-wall-89538047.jpg
I would stay far away from this dude.  That's extremely annoying behavior that can quickly escalate to stalking and controlling behavior, IMO.  Does not sound healthy at all.
That was a great analysis, similar to what I would have done.  I do think you were too quick to rule out ISFP though, just because Si was high.  The highest combination of Dominant + Auxiliary...
Pino1 - Can you post your latest keys2cognition results?  Nevermind, I found them.  So after looking at those results, I think it is very unlikely you are ISTJ.  Your Te result on this test is more...
I am the same as you! WoA>QT>PT>G>AoS.  AoS is last since I always feel guilty when others do things for me.  Like it's my responsibility, I feel bad for not doing it!  Regarding false flattery, I...
That's great!  Good luck, I hope you get it!  It's nice having your boss on your side... my current boss is a Type 2, probably Social dominant I think.  He has gotten on my nerves a lot this past 9...
Rave: Got a 5% raise this year!  My boss said the standard is 2% and he had to push for the 5%. :shocked:  He also said I have a lot of potential and soft power, that everyone likes me, and that he...
Type 9 lyfe:  https://www.facebook.com/viralthread/videos/731148533724499/
I can do art, but I am not very creative.  Most of my work was heavily inspired by other things I saw.  I also can't draw from memory at all.  My cheese sandwich with 6 types of cheese:...
I guess people are still outraged over politics? XD Definitely not having the same conversation in 2017 as we were in 2011 though. lol.
Hey Kevin,  Thanks for elucidating the reason behind these changes.  I would like to say that regarding Issue #2, please make it optional for each person to appear on others' activity feeds, not...
Sela - Omg that's awful!  What kind of introverts decide to be a couple in public?!  That's so awkward, even if you didn't like him. :(  You can get through this, he surely wasn't worth it anyway!
Sela - Just caught up on the whole saga!  Was a bit confused there for a second, lol.    Anyway, I am wondering if he is possibly an Enneagram Type 6 and was using the relationship status prank to...
Cute!  Sorry about the overwhelming feels, though.  Sounds like you've got something good started! :)
Check out this thread:  http://personalitycafe.com/istj-forum-duty-fulfillers/71083-developing-ne.html#post1749628  TL;DR -
Reallllly depends upon having more details and the intent.    For the misuse of the company phone - was it to call a NSFW hotline? Or was it to call the doctor to make an appointment?  Are you sure...
https://scontent-sjc2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/15400445_1405612546140109_6573978936137901495_n.jpg?oh=1c078f8c54c9447d77d642c3975da36c&oe=58F8305E  lol XD
I think my new boss is a micromanaging ENFJ Type 2.  Say hello to intrusions and miscommunications!  Just one example:  At our supplier, there is this machine part that keeps breaking while they...
Also found this description online:   ISTJ Si-Fi loop: An ISTJ in a Si-Fi loop will replay past events, usually traumatic ones, and relive these past experiences in their head and then wallow in...
https://scontent-sjc2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/15283929_10154612754200169_707569986165732253_n.jpg?oh=6e7995607b51a9ace87079e92ed25d00&oe=58BF899F
ISTJ 9s aren't that common actually.  Not sure who the other 2 people who voted are!  ISTJ 1s are more common, ISTJ 5s are quite common, and ISTJ 6s, 3s, 8s, and 9s are less common.  Have seen a...
Yeah, I would agree with ISTJ from those results since you have Si>Fi>Te and your last function is Ne.  It's not uncommon for ISTJs to have higher Fi scores, especially if they have not particularly...
20th Century American Presidential Enneagram Types  Relatively few 8s get nominated by their party, but if nominated, they almost always win.  I found 11 elections in the 20th century in which one...
Rant: Ugh.  My bf should not be required to work a 20 hour shift at a field location that is 1.25 hours away.  Isn't that a safety hazard?!  This is ridiculous!  How is that even legal?  I know they...
Words of Affirmation! :)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zi8ShAosqzI
One of three subtypes in the enneagram system.  (Others are Self-Preservation or Sexual/One-to-One)  This link gives a good summary:  Social Subtype
So, safe to say you're a social dom? :wink:
Hello there!  I saw you in ISTJ-land and then found this thread and decided to share my opinion.  To be blunt: it is very unlikely you are ISTJ.  I was going to ask you to take the keys2cognition...
For the world:  How To Tell If An ISTJ Likes You (As Told By 13 ISTJs) | Thought Catalog  Pretty consistent and accurate in my case.
https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/hell.png
Actions speak louder than words.  If your bf has been living with his ex for a year and they still look like a couple, there is a good chance he is not being truthful with you regarding his current...
Haha nice.  Yeah, when there were a couple of volleyball videos going around a couple of months ago, everyone kept linking me to them, too. :P
https://www.facebook.com/NewJerseyGirls/videos/10153867506145132/   Sela - Do you know them? ;)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLpE1Pa8vvI  I think this is so great, even as a so-called millenial.  It's true that my fb news feed is full of this crap. :P Music festivals, man buns, essential...
https://scontent-dfw1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xaf1/v/t1.0-9/12991012_1135598603137252_800926778599508122_n.jpg?oh=20a6810bd8eed399a72562760e28789a&oe=579DA4A7  Hurray, someone gets it! ;)
The only thing that partially bothers me is when the word is used in the phrase That's deep, man.  It's usually spoken by Bros describing something that, in reality, is not that insightful. :tongue:
Global rant:  http://www.cppblogcentral.com/assets/stress-heads/images1/ISTJ-stress-head.jpg
Nice!  Yeah, I don't doubt that there are ESTPs in the back! lol. :)
Reminds me of the time I threw some of my roommate's cinnamon onto my oatmeal only to realize it was actually cayenne pepper. :laughing:  And I was in such a hurry, I had to eat it anyway! XD
Yeah, I have experienced this.  Good way to phrase it.  I always have the ability/desire to stay up later than others, to rally longer than others when we're out somewhere, etc.  Other people are...
Agree.  I think the chart is off-base, as it asserts that ideal matches are opposites.  Opposites may be ideal for some individuals, but definitely not for all.  I've come to believe the results of...
I used to work closely with an ENTP and noticed that we got along mostly only when we weren't working together at all... pretty diametrically opposed on approaches, effort level, sense of duty,...
Yeah, I'll have to dig up and bump the thread I was using to collect it again. :)   <3 spreadsheets. lol.
So your order is Si>Fi>Ti>Te>Ne>Fe>Se>Ni.  The average ISTJ is Si>Te>Fi>Ti>Ni>Se>Fe>Ne.  (See spreadsheet here.)  Graphing the actual data, it looks like your Te is on the low end for an ISTJ, and...
jamaix - Can you share your results of this test?  Keys 2 Cognition - Cognitive Processes
When this totally applies:  https://scontent-dfw1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xlp1/v/t1.0-9/12717204_801168550012200_2320951251758502120_n.jpg?oh=8e0d78073cc5c93a781b20ffcfc33379&oe=575EB160
Are you kidding? Two 6's trusting each other?! :wink:
Sorry, you must have tasted my ISTJ and 1-wing side.  My 9 side is quite sweet! :kitteh:'"


4860: 'Hey I didn't want to make a sexist comment on INTJ, just humorous. I have a close friend of mine that is a real INTJ he always try to invalidate things when he hears about them.
Does INTJ watch porn? Do they try to talk about the invalidity of it before they masturbate?
Ahhhh I love ESTPs they all like music so much...  Watched all the pages its like 8/10 loves music.  Take this then you music lovers! This song is for ESTPs! ...
Okay first of all... Hello there!  I will try to help here, and usually my help on socials are precious! Although this period I am in a very bad mood and I am keen to make mistakes.... I am never...
Hehe well i read what you typed down wrong... I made a mistake... But generally in this period I just for the cause that I suffer from all this bad events I am usually making mistakes cause I have so...
May be manipulative, taking advantage of other people's weaknesses for their own gain. Quoting from here : https://www.personalitypage.com/html/ESTP_per.html  Do you do this even on serious...
Ohh sing, no my lady I dont sing at the morning before breakfast... Except if I listen to music before I eat breakfast, then depending on the genre I might sing yes...  But generally no I dont.
Why ISTJ sooner or later will become just givers in a human relationship? I guess you know what I mean...  Happened to me multiple times and after long time of just accepting it I did away those...
Nobody is an idiot, every mind is special and different. There is just some people that make good use of their minds, some others that do normal use of it, some others that make bad use of it and at...
Well me too my friend but in the current situation even if i change temporarily my state of mind to have even better behaviour, the outcomes are still horrible. Its like I did something and now i...
Does all ISTJs suffer from bad luck which haunt them in their lives? Do I sound like too much to you? Because for me at the moment thats the least i can f@cking say really xaxa...  So is this a...
Why are INTJs so selfish when it comes to the situation that : They are wrong on something??
Hmmm, I think you missunderstand what you really need.  The thing here is not actually become less intellectual which is something bad to do! It is not the way to succed on what you want by making...
Let me show you how its done! Weeeeeell... the truth is.... Have you got any evidence/proofs to back up what you claim?  This is not logical, it is clearly out of logic! Based on...
I will try to answer by putting myself on the situation of his...   There are two possibilities here in my honest opinion:    Keep the relationship as it is of now, I can almost assure you that...
May I let down some links?  Check out (1) Check out (2) Check out (3)  I think this will help...  My personal advice now, if you decide to jump on IT industry/community. As a starter to IT...
Till now noone really answered to the question generally (as this was the point getting general answers for the x person with my information type), so that being said let me redo the question :  ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tr_kOavSAl8  Impressive Electronic Music
Well I mean they seem to like me, at least thats what they show to me when we are together. I really don't think that my behaiviour would cause the problem except some specific times, but even if it...
Thats why I asked for opinion based on my personality info, because otherwise it would be possible to recieve help I guess.   Well the one is alchohol addict so there is no point. The other one is...
Haha okay which part confused you? :)    Well it depends as I told you already it happens almost with everyone except from 2 guys which are my best friends... and I have a huge circle of...
Hello crowd of PerC.   The Topic:  Lately the last 2-3 years of my life I've changed a lot and started to notice things more and more keenly. Most of those things were easy to be controlled and...
Welcome to PersonalityCafe. Enjoy your stay here!
I would like to be an even more developed ISTJ.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2RK6OGNMCY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxO_1UufrwQ
:ninja: Yea sure... Alternativilly you can play dota2 also... if you are unable to play D.O.T.A. go on. :ninja:
Ahhh... I hate it so much, because after I am done... I feel like I lost the control for a while. Even though it is so amazing!
Didn't noticed the thread's date, seems I am late.. Well it can apply as some useful advice for the future I hope. As for the starting over again, it still remains a retry, if it is related to your...
Hahahahahahaha thank you for this, it was hilarious!    Thank you sir you are saving me time.   Now lets get serious...  @OP I see you have a problem, but... who doesn't?
Its okay now it displays it properly, the last thing was that it isn't displaying it on the post I 've made before uploading the signature but thats okay. Thanks for the help.  Whoever have the...
Ohh I found the way I should press the Insert the Signature Picture button.  Now the problem is that it doesn't show up. They say that : The maximum size of your custom image is 450 by 150...
Delete this post please.
I am completing the Full-Rejection which he/she was unable to. Sometimes though I give them a sort of time to realize what they are going to loose because some people need more time to think...
Pure logic lead us to Over, I am not an INTP though.
Hello I am trying to set up my signature I would like to enter an image and then center align it, I guess it is possible but I can't find the how?  Any help appreciated.  P.S. Why isn't my...
Then it is the end of the game for you I guess.
WoW... here one of the replies I love. And from a lady... I am impressed!  First of all English is not my mother tongue and google translate will not translate this word for me so it was impossible...
You speak literaly now or ironically?
Both are okay... when they are valid enough.
After two months of fullfiling 3 of my goals, I have some freetime... I feel good and relaxed. But I already start to feel boring also...
I am not trolling. Some part of the post was humorous but the most of it was absolutely serious. I hope you missunderstood, otherwise I would suppose that you have nothing else to say and you just...
You are welcome boy...   There is no point of laughing on that. Those people who believe in GOD on 2015 are in need of psychological help... you should do something for your type if you don't want...
First of all, use well known english words please. At least words that can be translated on google translate... cause I want pray to any GOD to translate for me...    Originally my post...
Well judging from the world's record holder . And if you talking the truth here. You are crazy dude... My record is like 2 days and a half I think... After that I was sleeping for like 16-18 hours...
In real life.. my best friend is an INTJ and judging from that NOT AT ALL.  In virtual life... will see...
Well, I am not an INTP. But I would like to spead some judgement all over this thread. I know that it might hurt some religious people, but they are damaged enough from being religious either way......
Well other than I rarely do mistakes.... No everything is normal.
As I said already I will not buy this, I just would like to hear from someone that bought it and read it (if there is any).  johnson.han.3 thanks for the link I read it and it is great.
Okay first of all thanks a lot for the replies both of ya.      I agree with the last sentence for sure, but there are sometimes that I need to be faster. Times when I learn things for example...'"


4870: 'What i'm currently listening to.  483082  A little bit of everything. Electronic, Pop, Metal, Hip-hop, Jazz, Instrumental.
Curious, why the legless man?
Kewl. I've been meditating daily for the last 5 months, just following the breath and a little bit of metta meditation. I'm just starting to read and study up on buddhism but I can't take rebirth and...
Question for ENFP's. Is anyone here a buddhist and/or does anyone here have a regular meditation practice?
Yeah i've had conversations with ISTJ's where they're like  Why can't that lazy homeless person get a job or Drug addicts deserve to die and I just get so frustrated. These are complex issues and...
Question to all ISTJ's. How do you feel about the ISTJ's you meet in real life? Do you like them, do you dislike them or do you not really care at all?  Also how do you feel when you recognise...
*BUMP*  Personally it's a maybe for me. It would depend on finding the right partner and being secure financially. I'm interested in hearing isfj's opinions on the subject.
But are you laughing because it's funny or because you feel laughter is the expected response people want from you?
That's awesome dude. Curious, what is your brothers enneagram type?
His bit about horse meat gets me every time.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rd0vYypAeiI
I love this show and I'm pretty sure Mark is an istj.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7UIIiYunMQk
Josh Brolin is a pretty badass istj.
Vegemite on toast with a slice of cheese on top. Cup of coffee with butter and coconut oil.
Meh?
Upside down enfp here. Check out Toe (Theory of Everything). Their a japanese post rock/math rock band.
I went and seen this band, I've been following them since high school, and when they played songs off of a certain album it takes me right back to 17 year old me, sneaking out to see my girlfriend,...
Yes, this!!!  Hated my last job, terrible management and a toxic work environment. Arrive 5 or ten minutes late and leave 5 or ten minutes early. F@#k em'. But if I respect you or care about you...
Mum is ESFJ and Dad is INTP.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AhXSoKa8xw&spfreload=10
I don't know any E8 ENFP's in real life, but I'm pretty sure Russell Brand is an E8 ENFP.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmFMiDGIgRc&spfreload=10
Welcome
Lol... Welcome to the forum.
Lol... I thought she was an ENFP enneagram 3.  More I think about it she probably is an ESTJ.
I think type 7 and INFP are possible, from what you wrote it sure sounds like your a seven.  I think the chick in the clip below might be an INFP enneagram 7?  ...
Lol, I had the same image of fives as well.   What do you think of this description? Wondering how much of this you relate to?  The Self-Preservation Five: â€œCastleâ€  The Self-Preservation Five...
Check out this link. There's INFP's talking about being 5w4's and there is a description of sexual 5w4's on the second page. ...
29 out of 36.  I found myself mirroring the eyes of the people in the pictures and trying to see which word fit best to what I was feeling.
Yeah girls that I'm attracted to nearly always seem to be ENFP/ESFP. ENFP women are more fun though.  I've only ever met enneagram 7 ENFP's though, and one enneagram 6. The 7's were too high energy...
Welcome:happy:
Reading this made me think of this description of Enneagram 5's.  It's a description of Sexual Fives from Beatrice Chestnut, The Complete Enneagram; 27 Paths to Greater Self-Knowledge.  The...
Could you explain your thought process or how your feeling when you use Ne to wrangle in your Fi?  By wrangle do you mean take charge of/get under control?
Just wondering if there are any enneagram 5 infp's that could help me understand something?  Enneagram 5's are known to detach from their emotions. But infp's being Fi dominant seems somewhat...
If I disliked you then I would probably minimise the amount of time I spend around you.   I've worked with two entp's. The first one didn't like the procedures or the time it took to do a certain...
ISTJ in mbti is ISTp in socionics. The p in socionics means we are perceiving dominant, that being sensing introverted.  MBTI ISTJ and ENTP are actually semi-duals in socionics.  Relations...
What's your point? Is this a question or did you just come here for a whinge?    There you go, you just answered your own question.
6w5.  Sensing first, thinking second.  Taking in lots of information first and then applying it.
Love this!  Copy/Paste to my collection of quotes...
YES!!! Also, being on holidays and driving to my destination. I'll start driving early, before the sun comes up when it's nice and peacefull and just watch the scenery passing me by. All I have to do...
Type One: 43 Type Two: 0 Type Three: 25 Type Four: 11 Type Five: 42 Type Six: 38 Type Seven: 0 Type Eight: 18 Type Nine: 19
Lol... I find it surprising that I would score lower than an INFP
Primary 2.1 Secondary 1.9
I cry during sad movies it's just that no one is around to see it. I guess my fear is about being vulnerable with another person and being judged for my display of emotion. It's refreshing to see...
Just wondering how female ENFP's would feel about seeing their boyfriends cry during sad movies?  Turn off? Turn on? Wouldn't bother you?  Please, let me know!
It is a mistake to try to look too far ahead. The chain of destiny can only be grasped one link at a time.
Maybe he's an ESTJ enneagram 6. Enneagram 6 and 8 can sometimes be confused for one another, but sixes can have a constant vigilant anxiety about them. Extroverted sixes can also come across as...
Going by the descriptions I probably think I would be more like an INTJ. In saying that though my best friend since primary school is an ISFJ and we do have alot in common and have alot of shared...
I don't like classic rock and I don't like oldies. I listen to a wide variety of genres; electronic, dub-step, hip-hop, rock, metal, pop. Listening to music is something I do daily and I'm always...
Introverted perceiving functions like to come to conclusions about concepts/ideas/subjects etc, whereas extroverted perceivers are always open to new information. So when i've come to a conclusion...
What Kind Of Dog Are You?  You got: Great Dane!  Youx92re so humble that you donx92t notice how much you stand out in a crowded room. You are extremely smart but are still approachable due to your...
Ditto, 6w5 here too...'"


4881: 'I was thinking of answering that I'm not very complex. But to your point, more often than not, I can't even figure out myself.
u200bNot sure what you mean by random curveballs.
Pens, and cursive. I use pencils for math, but nothing more. In my opinion, pens are easier and smoother to write with. I used to be a big fan of print because I thought cursive was too fancy for no...
I read a lot. Can be almost anything, though I have a particular interest in investing. Much of my reading in the future will pertain to companies' financial statements. Other than that, video games,...
My girlfriend is an ESFP. We've been together for over a year and a half now, with plans to marry once I graduate from college. Sometimes we get on each other's nerves a bit, and occasionally we...
I've been watching a lot of the Big Bang Theory lately, and I must admit that I'm more like Sheldon than I wish. I'm not a genius (above average intelligence, but certainly not off-the-charts), and...
Hi all. I'm new to the ISTJ forum. I used to frequent the INTJ forum at least for reading. The other day it occurred to me that I hadn't been on Personality Cafe in forever. In my time away, my MBTI...
1. I thoroughly dislike tea. I've tried it at least twice before. Just don't care for it. 2. I do think society is going downhill in numerous ways. Not the least of which is the American fascination...
I've been a Christian for 5-6 years.
I knew it because I trusted her more than anyone I had known before, by far. She was also the only girl (maybe person) I've ever met who I could be comfortable with sitting with but doing different...
I think I'm decent looking. I would never say that I have movie-star good looks. My girlfriend thinks I'm really cute, though, and her opinion is really the only one that matters to me. So I'm happy...
I know that most types find blunt answers repelling, but for an INTJ that's usually the best way to do it. And if an INTJ asks you for advice, and he's not being sarcastic, you're probably in...
I've only had one girlfriend (the one I'm currently with), and I haven't cheated on her, so nope. I'm so bad at flirting that I don't think I could ever hope to get the chance to cheat on her even if...
Yes, it's possible to have platonic friends of the opposite sex. There are certain conversation topics you should stay away from, but it's really not that hard to do that. At least not for us.
I don't really tell people what my MBTI is because the few people I've told have mostly told me in response that no one cares. Why try to tell someone about something they don't care about? In most...
Hm. Didn't know that. Thanks for sharing.
What the hell is she saying? You can be a shy extrovert? I've never met a shy extrovert or outgoing introvert. For someone who has supposedly studied and/or spent a lot of time thinking about...
You see PerC asking if you want to meet up with other members, and you disdainfully say uh, no... Then you see links to the type forums inviting you to chat with them, and you say with a confused...
Having an INTJ personality is absolutely not the same thing as having Asperger's. Not by a long shot. I may have some form of autism, but it is not related to my personality type in any way.
Try having a deep, meaningful conversation about something. Be prepared for the chance that you will have to lead the conversation, as the INTJ will probably not open up you fast enough to do much of...
I was insecure about my girlfriend at first. But luckily for me, she kept assuring me that she wanted to be with me until I finally learned beyond a shadow of a doubt that she did in fact love me.
I have a voracious sexual appetite. My girlfriend and I do it constantly when she is in town. I have never sent a picture of my junk to anyone, not even my girlfriend, and I don't intend to. It can...
Full beard and mustache. I had to be clean shaven in high school due to dress code requirements, but my facial hair grew really fast, so I often had to shave 1-2 times per day to remain totally clean...
Not in high school. I wasn't the best natural athlete, but I developed some skills in a few sports that never amounted to much. I played basketball in middle school and always felt a disconnect to my...
For years I've been told that I look angry even when nothing is wrong.
Understanding who I really am under my stoic (and at times ostensibly angry) exterior was huge for my girlfriend winning me over. It also helped that she could talk sports with me (I've found that...
While guidelines like this one are never absolute, it is my experience that ESFP-INTJ doesn't work that well. Before I met my girlfriend (an ISTJ; but the J/P is about 50-50) I was talking to an ESFP...
Has anyone ever lost a best friend due to circumstances out of your control? If so, how did you deal with it? Did your coping methods work?
In my senior year of high school, I took a leadership class. Usually I was the first to offer my thoughts on the things we talked about. But that was mostly because no one else was willing to do...
My girlfriend's place, my mind, my NFL team's football stadium, my place, the arcade in the student center at my university.
Being a playa requires charm. INTJs do not have charm.
ENFPs are supposedly our best match. However, I talked extensively with an ENFP, and we didn't really work. Now I have a serious girlfriend who is an ISTJ. I can't believe I'm saying this after...
My best friend is a Perceiver. She's been rubbing off on me a lot. So maybe I'm developing some minor perceiver tendencies. If I am, I don't feel badly about them.
Many times before, though not as much now. I just always said it is part of who I am.
The closest I come to appreciating art is looking at real estate online and marveling at the houses made in the modern architectural style.
Yeah, I'm awful at keeping in touch. I only moved away from home for college two weeks ago and it's already like my family is dead to me.
I know we are INTJs, but an Internet crush? Seriously?
I have a brother. He doesn't have much effect on who I am, because I never see him anymore since I started college two weeks ago and don't live at home.
Not sure. Most people are just kinda there to me. You don't bother them, they don't bother you. You just go about your separate lives without much worry or thought about them. Then there are those...
Totally do the same thing. I may not feel what someone is feeling, but I try to offer comfort by logically explaining why everything will be ok. I simply can't and don't do emotional support.
I'm Christian. At least I believe in it. Haven't been doing the best job of actually following lately.
No. I feel sorry for others not being able to understand me and thinking I'm creepy or scary because those actually give me a chance reap the benefits of having a very loyal friend.
No. There are three INTJs I've known. 1 - my mother. She definitely isn't stupid. Bachelor's, master's, and JD. Thinks of ways to solve my own problems before I do sometimes. 2 - my former friend. He...
Thinking back on childhood, I've always been an INTJ.
It is very hard for me to be content with my achievements, but not because of what others are doing. I always think I could have done better. That's where the discontent comes from. I'm comfortable...
Play Football the NFL Way: Position-by-Position Techniques and Drills for Offense, Defense, and Special Teams. Also The Games that Changed the Game: The Evolution of the NFL in Seven Sundays and I...
Never had a tattoo. Never considered it before, and now that I've spent my time typing this post thinking about it, I don't plan to get one either. Just don't see the point.
Well I just watched a clip of that show with Larry David, and he does seem like an INTJ.
Let me give you a couple things to consider.  1. INTJs may be the most forgetful personality type. There is so much going on inside our heads that we often forget something only seconds after we...
I think I'd like to be an ESTP. One of my three best friends and my brother are ESTPs, and they are both highly entertaining. I'd like to get inside their minds for a bit.'"


4945: 'Thanks for the compliment and welcome, Niss. I may lurk from time to time :)
Yes, in my experience, when having emotions about big things that require analyzation or thinking through, I will be pretty emotionless until I've decided how to deal with it or understood why I felt...
My advice when you do have your talk is try not to be overly emotional and ask him for the truth, explaining that understanding is the only thing that will help your relationship / or if it's over,...
Yeah, we are. All of my serious relationships have been with FPs too. I dated an ISFP for 3 years, then an ENFP for a year, and then this ISFP this year. Also my bro and dad are ISFP so I have a lot...
Yeah, I've come to the conclusions that he still hasn't dealt with his feelings in his past relationships which have all ended up blowing up in his face pretty badly.  I realized that he had said...
Yeah, the past few days have been hard. It would be easier if he could tell me that there WAS something wrong with us. He says he got a feeling that he didn't want to marry me at that point (and...
Hey all,  I've come across a rather odd scenario with an ISFP and I wanted to hear your insight on what you think you would be feeling in a scenario like this. Any opinions are appreciated.  I...
ISTJ with ISFP. 4 months, but our connection is wild. I feel like I've found my soul mate. And I didn't believe in soul mates before...
Being full of yourself is a combination of having insecurity about yourself while simultaneously seeing your abilities as defining you and needing to be superior to others around you. In this sense,...
Deleted
NylonNeonLeon That's extremely admirable for you to have already pieced together the flaws of being a young ISTJ. You are exactly right and with time and with that awesome brain of yours, you will...
I can speak as a workaholic ISTJ. I have 3 jobs and am a student in college still. Work makes me feel good about myself. Like I can achieve things and am desired for my skill sets. However, when I've...
So I've been digging this guy for a while but things are complicated. I'm pretty sure he is an ISFP.  I met him years ago during high school, but now 6-7 years later, we hung out through a mutual...
I've cheated before several times in school. Honestly, if the content doesn't matter, I'm not going to use it again, then I don't feel like it really matters. As long as I learn the material that is...
When people treat me or people I care about with disrespect. I will give them a piece of my mind.
I definitely get an INFJ reading and my best friend is an INFJ. You seem organized and planning oriented / responsible, which seems J to me.   The first thing that stuck out to me was your...
I have pretty high self esteem. My mom, who is also an ISTJ, suffers from lower self esteem.   For me, I get low self-esteem when I see a pattern of mistakes that I've made. I feel like i'm in a...
Lack of creative thought. No one is taught to think anymore. Information is there but kids aren't learning the skills of coming to thoughts on their own or thinking deeply.
I get into this thing where I feel weird and I look at the events to see what the catalyst was. Even if deep down I know what the catalyst is, I get into the habit of telling myself You shouldn't...
ISTJs want to prove how awesome we are. Also as a gamer women, we're used to men seeing us as inferior gamers. Don't show her that you buy into that stereotype.   We are competitive. It's fine to...
In my experience, commitment isn't the problem for ISTJs. It's overcommitment. She tried to balance too many things and can't handle the stress. She has prioritized and decided to cut you out. She...
Krisena - I share this situation with you. My best friend is an INFJ and our relationship works for the same reasons you said yours does. You have to have mutual respect and understanding for each...
Set One:  1: How old are you? 24  2: What was your favorite subject in grammar school? Grammar school?  3: What did you want to be when you grew up? Teacher  4: Do you enjoy reading? If so,...
I loved Lincoln Logs and LEGOs equally.  Video games, I do like RPGs and strategy. I love civilization V, might and magic, I also played World of Warcraft in a hard core guild back in the day.  I...
This is EXACTLY how I feel. I think ISTJs are great, I mean, I am one, but I don't need to be with someone who is thinks JUST like me. I like the balance of being with someone different than me and I...
I'm very good with money. I rarely spend money on things I don't need or items I haven't researched and am not sure how useful it will be to me.   I got my first credit card about a year ago and...
Yeah, I don't think I should worry about it I suppose.   Here's a question though: I've been pretty open about sexual stuff with him. I make a lot of dirty jokes (It's partially how I flirt, but...
Sorry if I typed it confusingly!  We were on a date, went back to his place to chill for a while and while we were there talking on the couch, he looked at his phone and texted someone for a second...
Hi all,  I just went on a first date with an ISFJ male whom I met at a party last month. We had been talking online quite a lot (didn't hang out because he was studying for a grad test) but when he...
Smart! Less than you'd think heh. :P About 1/3 on pages 1 and 2. Then you get into all the personalitycafe stuff and it's all me lol.
Ask her what you want to know. Be straightforward. Don't try and figure it out and make any assumptions, that usually leads to feelers not knowing at all what I really mean and turns into them being...
Makes me think of a trip I took with my family to San Francisco. Further, the lighting would make me think of when we went to NYC.
Yes. I play and teach piano for a living. I also create and arrange music. I also took tons of art classes as a kid and love to draw and paint.
I actually played WoW competitively back in the day and made a shadow priest character (They use a lot of spells that start with the word 'mind like mind control, mind blast, mind flat, etc) so I...
@snowbell Yes, I'm aware there are two s's. And like any ISTJ, there is a reason for this.
My personal theory is that you are genetically disposed to perceive in a certain way, and could go either way but may be more likely if both parents are Ns or S, etc. A lot of families I've seen,...
I'm obviously going on basic trends. Not all P types are fluttering around without a plan or drive to complete tasks, but you'll see this is much more prevalent in males under 25 who are P types than...
I've learned the same thing about the people I've dated. I dated an ISFP and an ENFP seriously and they helped me out of my comfort zone and taught me to be more relaxed and enjoy life more. Now i...
It's not that it's an F thing to not have ideas, FPs are just less likely to put the details together to make it happen. That defaults to us lol.
I redirected this thread into the cognitive functions forum instead. I think it belongs more there, just wanted to see what my ISTJ friends thought!   Reposted here:...
I've noticed that the direction isn't really important. A lot of Ni people will do it in all kinds of directions. It's the same glazed over dreamy look though that distinguishes it. The Si look is a...
There is some sound advice in there, but it's funny to me the things you think that sensors like haha. Mainly Extroverted sensors are going to be the ones who want the club or bar scene or enjoy...
Absolutely. Every relationship is going to have it's problems / troubles / issues. Even two very similar types will find something to argue about. It's just at what point is the person / relationship...
I'm glad you've found it useful! I've been confirming this for a few years now and it's always proven true to the people that I have 100% typed. I also catch myself doing Si eye movement ALL the...
It's true that sometimes we can be short sighted in our thinking, but you can't deny that we get things done, (albeit in ways we know they will get done) and fast. We don't spend a lot of time...
Thank you all for your words of encouragement! I appreciate it and it gives me some inner peace.
I'm the youngest and still nostalgic. I don't think birth order has anything to do with it.
As I get older, I get more and more nostalgic. I'm about to turn 24 which I know isn't old, but I catch myself looking through my old facebook pictures and statuses looking on the past several times...
One of my friends was actually mad at me for NOT crying about a big break up. I eventually did, but it took me about 4 days. ISTJs HATE to cry, it takes something like a big emotional upheaval to get...
1. Intellectual Stimulation / Be able to show me points of view I can't see on my own (so someone who thinks differently than me) 2. Someone to help me navigate social situations better 3. Goal...'"


5009: 'i have the need to feel wanted, but not really needed
im not really fond of the cheesy romance, but the whole ISTJ thing made the whole movie XD
Yes but, when it comes to any relationship that strong we still make time, not brush off.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XM6gDIPAsXg
While watching The Adjustment Bureau, i realised that most of the people in the Bureau are ISTJ's. its quite funny now that i watch it. Of course we arnt the main characters but its quite funny to...
i get antisocial.....
This is not an ISTJ, at all. Period.
Just saying this happens to me too. I notice that alot of personalities will come to ours with there problems, and that can be because we are trustworthy to talk to, or we are kinda the perfect...
Im an ISTJ female with a INFP boyfriend. and really the only problem area we have is to do with emotions. I can come off as too harsh and cold, and i sometimes see him as overdramatic and...
Work, Eat, Sleep, Payday,  Work, Eat, Payday,  Work, Payday,  Work Money Sleep die.
Souls are hard to come by now a days ya know? :wink:
emotion i guess. we are oblivious to how harsh we sound sometimes.
Most of my family are feeler types, we were raised in a very unhealthy dysfunctional enviroment. My Father is very manipulative and does anything to get his way, and my mother has severe anger...
Loyalty, and frugality
Lol its true im and ISTJ female, my boyfriend is a INFP, he says he does all the crying for me.  When im upset i just busy myself with alot of work, and drown out any emotion.  I guess me getting...
Hello, im an ISTJ female and my boyfriend is an INFP.  My boyfriend can get really emotional sometimes because he thinks im being Cold or im Pushing him away, i have no idea how to comfort him...
Hello, im an ISTJ female and my boyfriend is an INFP.  My boyfriend can get really emotional sometimes because he thinks im being Cold or im Pushing him away, i have no idea how to comfort him...
I would have laughed to, whether thats good or bad, that is hilarious. i dont think something like that ever happened to me though lol:proud:
1.) Yes, its amusing at times because i sound like sherlock holmes to other people, 2.) OOOOOOOOOOO yes, im super hard on myself
I was raised with an INFP mother, I did have to become aware that some of my comment were hurtful, but all of them were neccessary and important. So i had to word them differently. I slip up quite...
Ive always worked pretty good in a team atmosphere as long as we got the work done. I always kept everything as a proffessional relationship. Whatever you have to do to get it done, get it done. It...
I like it! :shocked:
Paint Sculpt Photography Sketch Watercolor All art basically Dance Learning Culture and Languages Video Games Ect Ect
ENFP Males have been hard for me to deal with, they are a very fascinating group of people. I dont think its a very good match. Very different group from us...
I cant cry in front of people
Just out of curiosity, What is your intrest in ISTJs? (Im the investigative type i must know XD).:kitteh::tongue::kitteh:
Curious about how much differences between ISTJs and ISFJs in fashion sense. :happy:   1. Do you like to wear a cap? HATE IT.   2. What brands of running shoes/sneakers are your favorite?...
As you guys are getting deeper in your relationship she becomes unsure. Im an ISTJ female, and i know in most relationships im hesitant to go to deep into because we wil basically be dedicating our...
we never needed to ;p
I feel like this is important i read those word quite often but still i have no idea of what it truly is   1 how do you know your unhealthy ? When you start messing with other peoples heads 2 does...
If they cant hold a conversation
I read that ISTJ's view relationships as a necessary part of life and when they find someone they get attached to they make the commitment for life and don't really question it and/or won't be the...
I dont know he kinda sounds like hes in between. with a little bit of INTJ in him.....Mabey hes an INTJ
ahem....Sweety you cant handle us even if you tried. Im the school secretary.
o yes, and things that we done to hurt people or failed to protect makes us feel like shit. Not in the moment that it happened, but when everything crashes on us at once. Including people that hurt...
O and dont overdo it with embrace, because then we feel your pity. and really not tell you anything, we dont like looking down upon. It pisses us off
I am an ISTJ, i will try to answer how i was able to deal with mine. -Tell him if he needs someone to talk too he can talk to you. (If he trusts you he MIGHT tell you little things here and there)...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKb1iYH2UqU  I HATE THIS SONG, but its stuck in my head.......   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1anxnA7Zwc  This to........
i have 20$ i dont carry coins, i put them in a jar.  Only one Credit Card And no pics.  My wallet is the most boring in the world
me + hugs = bad juju
we will eat your soul.
No, if anything im the complete opposite
In relationships no, im too busy being independent for that. I could care less what he does. Never accused of being controlling, but have been accused of being distant and emotionally unavailable...
ISTJ PARTY!!!! even though i hate parties......i would still like to meet all of you. :)
Unfortunately yes, but i have to be careful sometimes because it can really Screw them up and change there life. It's a game to me, yes. But if the game gets to big, i have to cancel before i win, to...
hahaha that's sweet, we defiantly appreciated it. :)
Google will take over the world one day...i do prefer the mastermind
Bathroom because its small Hate the Kitchen because there's so much more to do.
I am defiantly not a feeler, my INFP mother would laugh at that. I think it all depends on the environment your brought up in or how you are raised, maybe even experiences that we go through.
No, absolutly not. Even if i do get married i am going to be bringing money home. Definatly not in our unpredictable economy...'"


5069: 'When I first joined, I got the 1w9  result now I get 5w6 sooo yeah.
I'm currently brushin up my Spanish( learning more verbs) and I'm also tryin my hand at Swedish).  I only know English fluently but can understand Spanish pretty well.
Outcast, Penny Dreadful(Shit ending!!!), American Dad,OITNB
I use a different one for a good chunk of the sites yes, just in case.   They did say something, did you read the notice?  It's not that big of a deal  but whatever *shrugs*
How much personal info do you have on this site?  It's nothin to really worry about unless you use the password for everything.
Woosh
Penny Dreadful, I should slap myself for not watching it sooner.
Insidious 3, it was boring and predictable
My favorite  genre is fiction but I've been enjoying books on nihilism for a couple of years now as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMU5C-fEXA8
English is my first language, I was pretty ok with Spanish but I haven't been in practicin for a bit.  I want to learn Japanese
http://cdn.someecards.com/someecards/usercards/MjAxMi03ZjgxNDhkYTQwMDQ2ZTdh.png
So it's like the European version of American Idol? I hated American Idol , no I didn't watch it.
I just wanted to see if the title was some sort of a play on words.
Nah, I'll go back to being the ice queen this is too much work
The last time I was on a plane I was around 8 or 9 years of age, I'm in my 20s now. I  don't really  like to fly,I don't  like heights.
No, I honestly don't care if people buy the product or don't.  Question I have to ask at the pharmacy I work at: You want a shot  to prevent some illness? no? ok bye   If I tried I may be able...
In trying to be more personable, people think I want to hear about their life and I start to think Was bein an ice bi**h really that bad?  My god make it stop ...make it stop. >_< ...
https://themanicmilitarywife.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/give-a-shit.jpg
Degree- B.S in  IT (still workin on it)  MS - Health IT(debating if I'm goin to jump right  into it after I get my B.S)  I'm thinking of dbl majoring  or just goin back for a B.S in biology as...
No, maybe if I thought about what type the person I liked was but I don't.
The scene where Mufasa dies(above me)  The scene where the lady has to let Todd go and he doesn't understand (Fox and the Hound)  The scene in Dumbo when he goes to visit his mom and she starts...
Rugrats( It's on Hulu) childhood nostalgia initiated
ISTJ and non-denom Christian, I'm not religious though.  I love God ,so I guess I'm more spiritual?
I haven't watched the anime and stopped reading the anime but I think Kaneki is INFP but where I stopped at he was a very unhealthy INFP so it was hard to pin him down but I think INFP suits him. ...
There is a terrible emptiness in me, an indifference that hurts. x97  Albert Camus
Gay guys aren't cookie cutter one size fits all stereotypes,  so just because one doesn't look gay doesn't mean he isn't.     I have to agree with this,  it's been 2 years I doubt he will ever...
Mother Up Bob's Burgers Outsiders Assassination Classroom
The grass always seems greener on the other side.  However,If you truly think and feel this place would be a better fit for you then I say go and find out.The only thing you have to lose is time...
I 100% agree, like the OP said not all of Slytherin was bad and everyone can have Slytherin Qualities.    I would say Slytherin or Ravenclaw for me but I'm definitely more Slytherin . I forgot...
x93For I do not feel mediocre enough to feel compassion for anyone. Compassion is a sign of superficiality: broken destinies and unrelenting misery either make you scream or turn to stone. Pity is not...
I personally didn't see it as the 'bad house in Harry Potter growing up besides,why would you want just 3 houses? That's kinda unbalanced. I saw Slytherin as the house where the potential to do bad...
I'll be sure to send the ISFPs to the psychologist on call tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYOvdhyjXG4
You gotta do those things in the designated areas sir, this is not one of them
I had no idea what it was till I went and quoted you.   I also still haven't gotten my shots of fireball -_-  Where is the barkeep?!
I just want a few shots of fireball whiskey
Substances are fine with me, security knows that as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HL1UzIK-flA&index=2&list=FLMhoElBF1BD9gY_6CMzz2RQ
There is a  vodka fountain in the main ballroom,drink as much as you want
*Does her rounds and checks security is still good*   Why did I volunteer on security detail? Oh right ISTJ
That's what security is for to nanny those who don't know when to say enough, they will make sure each guest  is safe from others or themselves .
I got nothing but age and it was -5-5?  Not impressed
*Peeks in then leaves*
You're welcome They ain't cheap to get.
*Checks her decorations are  perfect and then goes to  find a corner and sits on a chair and takes out kindle*  Anyone lookin for me,  I'm here.   If the vodka fountain goes on the fritz let me...
I got some chocolate  on  the day and asked why they gave me chocolate, I forgot it was Vday. I don't keep up with card company holidays.    Which is probably why I understand this meme since the...
I do enjoy traveling, it is pretty important to me so  I make sure I take time off to do it.  Usually what sticks with me is landscape  and the overall vibe I get while I'm there, which is probably...
That is true and i agree with it sucking  that it wasn't included in the  syllabus criteria but the matter still remains that she didn't do them,as a student myself I understand. However you can't...
Name him?  Hisoka Morou from Hunter x Hunter  I'm not sure what his power is since I stopped reading/watching  Hunter x Hunter.   So I keep this going?  514642   Also, shouldn't this be in...'"


5109: 'Takes too much energy to sugar coat something.
Realizing how very on time my punch in and punch out times are within 1-2 minutes of my alarm.
Important decisions are not easy to make for ISTJs.  It's only been 2 months, and I know that you don't want to date casually, but I think we get tripped up because we easily want to cling to the old...
Maybe it's disappointing ourselves and others. So both ourselves and others.
This is your Si and Fi getting all tangled.  I like to rely on body language to see if people may potentially 'like' me.  It isn't something I've proven to a science, but it feels more concrete...
What?  I didn't come to this forum to start fights with anyone.  All I wanted to get was people's opinions.  I'm saying if both people have made a firm decision that are polar extremes, it makes...
We haven't even started a conflict.  It's just that I see that as a cause of conflict if I were to start a serious relationship with her.  I plan things ahead of time, so this is just an issue for me...
I think that's the easy way out though.  I can't imagine every relationship that is conflict free.  What would be the 'right' way?
Funny thing, there's another ISFP I talked to that didn't want children but wanted to adopt.  Too bad she hasn't replied back to me for some time.    No conflict yet.  Here's what I'm thinking: ...
Yes, that's how we are.  It's intense isn't it?  We like to focus on one thing at a time.  You shouldn't feel like the bad guy in the situation.  It's just we like to focus on people very intensely. ...
The cure is to find another obsessive hobby :wink:
He is reacting to your responses and that's why he doesn't respond confidently.  The INFJ way is to go silent and that really kills our confidence in people (actually I should say our trust in...
I guess maybe what I don't understand is there's tons of things in life that are responsibilities and can weigh us down: waking up to go to work, feeding ourselves, etc.  Life has it's ups and...
Hey everyone!  So I met an ISFP online and got to really liking her.  Meeting up with her almost twice a week for a month now.  Constant texts/messages at once a day.  I know ISFPs love their...
It's almost as if you have to show them all your cards, and they just sit and watch you work your ass off for them, and finally they dismiss you and say you weren't trying at all.  Ugh, it reminds me...
I think one sure way that I know I'm an ISTJ is that I will work tirelessly for something.  I can easily work 12+ hours on something JUST to finish it.  If you haven't found yourself consumed by...
All types I guess?  Mine is ESFJ
I think the INFJ way to scare people away is to not respond back to people.  ISTJs are very consistent when replying back to people so as long as you still talk back and forth with him, then things...
http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/PersonalityCafe/misc/quote_icon.png Originally Posted by xxxSubZero http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/PersonalityCafe/buttons/viewpost-right.png  ...
Just ask him
Like a Tootsie pop.  Or maybe like a frozen steak, cold at first, them warm, then starts to stink.
1. Usually takes months to years to let someone in.  But being older, I realize that this isn't very good so I've been adapting.  Biggest things are dependable people (dependable in all aspects,...
1. Not too important.  Unless you are a special person to me of course. 2. Gifts have to be perfect, otherwise I just hate them.  I don't expect people to do things the way I would want. 3....
1. Yes, we only share things about ourselves with the people we trust. 2. We normally take a long time to make a decision about relationships. 3. Very unlikely for ISTJs to try to date multiple...
That's wonderful to hear an ISFP say that sharing is something like ISFPs want to do equally between the person they are talking with.  Do ISFPs do this for everyone? Or is it only out of politeness...
I'm getting mixed signals from this ISFP.  Foremost, I told her I lied about being employed on the second date, but the next day told her the truth, knowing that I could very well lose everything. ...
Aww thanks.  You can thank us in another thread :kitteh:
You also need to answer the questions according to your younger self.  As I grow older I realized I have become more flexible so that totally skews the results.  If you still have some doubts, read...
Is there anything else you need to understand our way of thinking?  And try to be specific in your question because it helps us a lot.
We don't prioritize relationships as much because we don't feel we are very good at reading whether we are doing good or bad in that relationship.  It's much much easier to do something like complete...
I just copy pasted this from another thread here.  I hope it helps :kitteh:  Fi is a judging function where the individual makes decisions based on  their own personal value system.  The values are...
I've searched for some explanations that to me better explain Fi.  Fi is a judging function where the individual makes decisions based on their own personal value system.  The values are...
Trying to touch her seems contrary to what you are saying about what an ISFP wants.  I hugged her on the second date and she was surprised (or so I think?), and she said, I don't know how to do...
Thanks!  I do feel like she's in that testing mode to see if I would like to be her partner in crime, that companion of hers.  So I think that things are going well.  If you got any more juicy tips,...
:laughing: So I'm guessing this is where she mentions her rabbit being an asshole for not being close to her translates into saying she wants someone who is physically close to her?  Someone who...
I don't know all of the exact details, but she does value LOYALTY as a requirement for friendship.  Outside of that, I do see a lot of the Fi that she has, since I have it as well.  Here are her...
Sorry to piggy back on this discussion, but I am loving the advice given to hisfavsundress .  I'm an ISTJ and found found an ISFP who I really like.  So what I'm reading from these posts is that the...
Why don't you start small and practice on something.  So spend some time making your bathroom very neat and tidy.  Every time you use something, put it back in its place, etc.  Just small things like...
Like stone100674 said, we base on decisions of experience.  Obviously it can be wrong since no one can know everything, but from our view it's the best we can anticipate based on what we know.
There's so little information, but we do like perfect relationships, so we plan a lot in advance and try our very best to make these come true.  This is the only way I can imagine breaking up with...
It's just a question of whether he uses Si or Fi.  If you look up those it might help figure out which he is.  From what you wrote it just seems like INFP.
I think you hit things pretty well.  We do think about things that might make things difficult in the long run, so maybe things like distance, language barrier?, things like that.  If you do decide...
Writing is sometimes better for introverts because they have time to think about what they'd like to say.  Why don't you ask him to try out an MBTI test?
Introverted feeling yes.
I think either decision will work out just fine.    Slow is just fine.  It's a slow process to learn about each other, but you shouldn't worry too much and just ask her if you have questions.  ...
This is totally different because one of them is the answer.
We're good trolls because no one expects it :kitteh:
If you both really are the same type you will run into a stalemate to who makes the first move.  Be yourself around him.  If what is holding you back is whether or not he feels the same, it should be...
We all have emotions as ISTJs.  But we hardly ever make decisions based on them.    The feeling we most enjoy and try to maintain is calm, comfort, and safety.  So if we let our emotions make our...
More difficult to answer.  I agree with both of those nicknames.  We do inspect things to learn about them, but duty fulfiller is harder to explain.  It might be we want to maintain things...'"


5267: 'I'm not so sure about this. I've come to see a pattern between the ESFJ gals and myself.... I spend about 80% of my time trying to convince them of something. Then when they finally realize what I'm...
:shocked: LIES!
LIES! How dare you bring me into this! I know where you sleep! :tongue:
MBTI Enthusiast is ISFJ! I said that a year and a half ago and I say it now! Oh, and I have met her in person twice! Scrub the test results.  ...By the way, she's going to try to refute these...
Interesting responses.  I think I can only think of three times in my entire life that I've cried, and they all had to do with loss of someone who was very close to me. As far as doing it in front...
Finishing what I start and doing an accurate/good job of it.  Keeping my life simple and organized.  Ever increasing my acuity between right and wrong.
^ LOL!   ^Icing on the cake!
Yup, makes perfect sense because that's what I would have done! :proud:  Seriously though, whenever someone is in discomfort it's best to divert their attention so they don't think about it as...
Mom= ESFJ/P Dad= ENTP/J
ISTJ and my best friend is an ENFP. We get along great, our stubbornness shows up sometimes but never lasts long.
Depends on the morality of the system, but I do like my structure. :happy: The military or paramilitary, for instance, provide great structure, but it all depends on what the system stands for as far...
NF's like to see the world how it should be and try to change it, we see the world the way it is and keep it turning. :wink:
Female ENFPs seem to be aloof to any action I take to 'hit' on them. Part of it was because I am socially inept so it sometimes was subtle, after all, I didn't want to scare her away! Anyway, I just...
Watch this:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJP1DphOWPs  Then look at this: http://imgace.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/chuck-testa-mufasa.jpg  LOL
Hilarious. http://cdn.cosbysweaters.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/Review-of-Wendys.jpg
:shocked:! I was the one that was suspicious of her! Who knows what she is capable of? She was all the time smiley and giddy like a child on Christmas morning!:shocked:   Like Wamphy said, I...
niss inspired me.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agMP0Boclvw  Note: The guy celebrating that he caught a casing is an ESFJ. :laughing:
It's little things like this that still make me think you're ISFP! Between that and you being SOOOOOOO smiley and optimistic! There is no way you're an SJ! :laughing:
Having met you in person, and observing your behavior in your natural surroundings, my vote goes toward ISFJ! Although initially I was thinking ISFP. At any rate, you are definitely NOT an ISTJ in my...
YES! I used to use those as spears!
ISTJ's lead by example. :wink:
Should work now.
I guess I'll go... 18364  (*Click for thumbnail for bigger picture)
Hmm..... basically up to age 10, my favorite toys consisted of trucks, tractors, and electric trains. I then transitioned into real tractors, real trucks, firearms, knives, and other awesome things....
This part of the site is unprotected. You don't need an account to view this thread.
MBTI never posted a picture of herself in this thread... at least, she told me she didn't. If she did, repost it. I really don't care about posting my picture here, it's not about manning up. I...
What?! :shocked: How did I get dragged into this! I've been off the grid for like a month!   :shocked: MEAN! :shocked:   :frustrating: Alright.... since MBTI Enthusiast is being mean, I'll cut...
I'm tentatively planning a move to Texas, Colorado, or North Carolina next year, unless something (or someone :laughing:) comes along! I've been looking pretty hard at the Austin area.   Note: If...
No way! She couldn't hurt a fly if she wanted to! :laughing:   You're next, hello317! :crazy:  :shocked: .... I don't like parties... *hides*
Hahhahaha! No way Stephen! She was just smiley to the world in general- as if everything was locked into a perpetual mode of happiness! It is..... something I have rarely witnessed in my life thus...
MBTI Enthusiast has a smile the size of TEXAS! You could see those pearly whites from outer space I bet! :crazy:  :shocked:...and it was a...... bright pink-ish color shirt!
Yes, we were hanging out last Friday! :crazy:
Haha! Well, I don't know how to put her behavior into words, but she seemed very excitable, friendly, and bubbly. I don't know, maybe my stoic ISTJ self just has that effect on the ladies? :wink: ...
Elaborate on what?
Wow, thanks for all the comments everyone! I don't know, what I see is more along the lines of what hello317 said. The girl will be all defensive at first, but then after becoming comfortable or...
I'm not forcing! I just *know* what she is from observing her in real life! :laughing:
I was thinking it was the opposite, with higher education and political correctness teaching young women that they should be equally as tough and demanding as men. I'm not saying all men at T,...
Yes.. you did add me. But only AFTER I added you! :sad: Which means you forgot!
So, it seems like every girl I have ever talked to who claims to be an ISTJ, has always ended up being a closet feeler. (I could name a few on this forum!) That is, they would claim the ISTJ title,...
I can't think of a time that I was intimidated by someone who was not in an authoritative position than myself. Even when I think of those who are, it's still rare. I like to think we have a mutual...
LIES! You forgot about me! :frustrating: So did MonieJ and MBTI Enthusiast (who is actually an ISFP! :shocked:)  :sad:
Hey! Stop picking on me! That's not nice! :sad: I said I was confused, so what does 0% mean? :frustrating:
:shocked: No way! Cancer is best! You're just jealous! :tongue:
I dated an ESTP for a while..... she was a great girl but it was a very awkward ending...
Browser: Safari or FireFox Search: Google
I'm confused :frustrating:...  Sense of Humor45% Sense of Fashion46% Relationship Intentions66% Intellectual Pursuits36% Physical Appearance0% Financial Situation73% Hobbies and...
I should be studying for a final now, but I'm procrastinating. :sad: .... It's tomorrow morning at 0800hrs. Seriously, who scheduled that? :angry:
Yes, people my age are very immature! It's so annoying. I really hate being in the college environment. My best friend is an ENFP and he really thinks I am too serious and mature. I think the...
Why thank you, Niss. I'll take that as a compliment! By the way, I was supposed to say greater good not great good LOL! Hopefully you knew that though. I've had the stoic side down pat since...
I have an uncanny ability to read people. I know that's typically not an ISTJ thing, but I definitely have it.   There are also different kinds of smiles most which are one of these three: Evil...'"


5324: 'My memory is bad, last thing I remember is I would think on this topic and thinking I have done. I'm unsure if it's a decision I made or not but I feel a closer connection to ISTJ. I'll always...
I wonder why I wonder why people aren't perfect. :bored:  Added: (Me included ofcourse.)
Feeling fear. Obvious isn't it. I fear nothing for I know nothing. Thus I fear the nothing which I don't know of.  Trust me, that's pretty scary.
I lack a summary at this point in time. From what I gather now then is that I'm not strongly in tune with P or J. Is the question then left with the P/J only then? Still progress.  ISTX is what...
Yes, my own conclusion is that I am Introverted, short and simple answer.   Relieving and preferable.   Did attempt making a physical list of things that needed to be done. Felt gratifying...
Tested and:  ENFP Extravert(44%)  iNtuitive(28%)  Feeling(47%)  Perceiving(41%) You have moderate preference of Extraversion over Introversion (44%) You have moderate preference of Intuition...
I understand your viewpoint. Personally I'm a bit torn on the subject, while it may be cruel to let them live only to find it'll all end without any meaning eventually, it is equally as cruel to deny...
I don't initiate well with strangers unless I got an official errand. I find it to hold no difficult initiating with close friends or family, although I don't generally seek them out during my...
myst91 As to the belief of me being Introverted, it's a topic of some uncertainty but regardless, I can understand doubt of it. Out of options: Disco or Videogame, I prefer Videogame. Out of...
I believe myself to be an Introvert, unless I have tricked myself of thinking so I find it hard to believe I'm an extrovert. I am relatively loose and flexible, I do not entirely know if it's cause...
When handling tough cookies, be tougher or be silly. Since I didn't want to spend 5 replies, I chose silly Loving the variety of people, lots of perspectives to consider.  ^_^
Ah yes, I felt a war was on the path that threw the topic of the post way out of it's intended goal. I'm not sure if it was succesful entirely but it seems it didn't escalate any further, differing...
Nope, I can be well prepared in the case of something happening to the plan intended aswell and make contingency plans upon contingency plans.   It's all relative^^   I will subtly take that as...
Short answer: I'm fond of a schedule I feel I've managed to fulfill what I set out to do and can later just wind down and relax when I'm done with it.  Also, currently multitasking, it's not an...
Personally, not that the question was directed at me, think that personalities are far more advanced than anything so far made up, although what we have currently is the closest we'll get today. ...
Before this post was made I had difficult getting to any form of training as I had no set time to do so. I went to the doctor and got appointment to a physiotherapist and has since been having two...
Quite a fine line and it matters who's on the receiving end indeed. Just checking :laughing:
Speaking in third person when expressing emotions to others. Is that a thing..? :laughing:
Allow me to attempt to diffuse the tense situation. Done, did it work?  And to continue on with the thread unknowingly thinking what I wrote may have been part of it.  But you can't do it like...
When you offer a slight polite bow of your head out of courtesy as you say thank you. and people find it weird and humorous for some reason.  And then have to get the habbit out of yourself for...
Nemen is my choice, thank you.
600706  On the way back from work one day, sunrise in a smaller town. Took it on a whim as I thought it was a pretty sight, granted I could've taken my time to get a better angle, seems I didn't....
Ah I see, thanks for adding, all knowledge is welcome! :)
narcissistic  As I am unskilled in MBTI I thought as many arguments as possible would give a higher accuracy, interested to know why you'd say ESFP too. Do you mean ISTJ got the higher chance but...
Certainly I'd like to think so. Perhaps we'd be excellent as Gourmands with training/education ^_^ Like trying snails for the first time, I still haven't done it and I have doubts I will want to in...
Weekend I do know that pimples don't make good conversation though if brought up, with the wrong people. Well, alteration of the hair, I also notice if someone's beard has changed or if something...
I may see the differences but not act on it during the fog as it's unclear even though it's very clear, movement obviously being the easiest to detect and adjust accordingly to it. I'd pick up on...
I'm at peace with the illness really, obviously it affects me as it would anyone, the higher the pain the lower the treshold for a variety of stuff (The words escape me.) Shall be honest, research...
I know this all too well, working at a terminal where there is only trucks, indoors electric forklifts, outdoors. All in all, that sounds like my workplace, bloody awful when I don't have a task I...
Anything readable and informative will do, some would call sites E-books I imagine even if that statement is flawed.  Yea if not done at once, it could be forgotten as it obviously had a low...
Act dishonestly and honestly, can you trust what she has said about the persons is true as if you heard it yourself from them? I dare say no. Not that she doesn't have your trust, but do the...
If you wish, I could go through your essay and check for grammar flaws, as for the contents I can not validate or invalidate them. ;)    I was just using an old idÃ©a which I never really...
I wonder if my equivalent as a terminal worker would be for instance if, it's a low speed flow at the present moment and I activate my Se and talk and engage more with the people at the workplace and...
Considering it more carefully, I am indeed more cautious than an ISTP would be I suppose. I would also like to provide something I took from a test at Keys 2 Cognition - Cognitive Processes ...
Weekend Of what I read I find pride, loyalty, jacks-of-all-trades and practical fitting, uncertain of the rest but I don't see any impossible scenarios. Why would you say I strike you as an ISTJ? ...
I tend to care what others think of me, reputation is important to me, even though I don't expressively say this out loud. I do like to work with my body at work but in my free time I find little...
0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
Regardless of type, I dare say coping with a disability is something one learns and/or adapts to, or find other interests which aren't affected by the disability.  When it comes to EDS, a...
they will either be too far away for you to initiate a hug or accept the hug as you're close to them, if accepted, then with equal passion/dispassion as they are given from it.
I wonder where the challenge lies in hunting with long-range weaponry against bears. Now if they'd grab a baseball bat I'd be -Impressed- if they pulled it off. I'm pretty sure I wanted to add a...
At school classmates told me I looked angry, I altered this and then got less attention, perfect as I then could do my thing, read a book or whatever it was I did. I mean.. indifferent, sure, angry?...
I like the thrill but to much is uncertain with this and I know better than to trust equipment over myself. Touch on the phone stops working or screen doesn't light up when a call is coming,...
I have an objective, I will not look in your direction, only to avoid bumping into you, if you bump into me on accident I will shrug and keep walking unless you decide to start talking to say that...
Well this has been a fun read while performing PC maintenance, would read again if a similar topic came along.  Splendid performance everyone!   Take five.
Being paid for a work or working on something I want to work at/for: I attempt to maximize efficiency by first of all, boosting my own performance(Giving it my all), secondly I do also think of the...
If I get into a similar position as you where my patience is gone or being tested, I mostly just think about what morons they are and roll my eyes, so to speak and keep working, I dare say it's not...
I wanted to be a pianist, practised for a brief period and then the tutor got switched with some other tutor and I didn't want to anymore. Something in music I'd have liked, although now I'm just...
I'm on this forum am I not? I may not be the most active but that's cause I got other random interests popping up all around me, indoors and outdoors alike. Also I have a terrific voice and a...
Actually not bad way of putting it to us younger ISTP's, unsure if I'm there yet or if I'm on the way, it's like taking that syringe from the doctor for the first time, get it over with and get done....
Lets just say personally I have a high tolerance towards a dirty household and never made a habbit out of cleaning regulary so it's not something I got used to and kept doing, I got used to doing...'"


5362: 'I just rewatched this movie (the full movie is posted for free on YouTube) and I'm curious as to what you all think of the characters.  Toaster - INFJ - In the very beginning of the movie, I...
Well this was a very interesting exercise, but unfortunately I couldn't use it at all to help determine my type.  I mean...it asks you to describe why you feel the way you do and what made you decide...
INTRO (you may skip if you wish)  So for years I've seen my brother as a Fe-dominant type.  Fe just describes him 100%.  He is just so people-centric, sentimental, loving, etc. that it fits him...
Am I weird in that I don't like the feeling alcohol gives me?
I know a lot about who I am, what I like and dislike, what I'm feeling in the moment, etc.  I just can't relate much to MBTI.  Surely it is not that strange to not be able to identify with such...
Haha.  Well part of the problem is that Ni seems to defy explanation.  How can I relate it back to myself if it can only be defined in the most extreme abstract sense?   Well, I'm definitely not...
I'm not really sure where the SJ traditionalist stereotype comes from, to be honest.  Maybe Kiersey only looked at elderly SJs?  Oh and don't get me started on Te being about organization.  Sheesh....
Yes and no.  Yes, because question 15 in your post is HIGHLY indicative of 5.  No, because that is the only thing we have to go off of, so really, I don't know.  Enneagram seems to be about...
Heh.  I am exactly 20 actually.    What I mean is...I'm far more apt to ask to help others than many people seem to be.  I would think this would be more of a Fe thing.    See, this is where...
Hey there!  I have always felt that I have more Si/Ne than Se/Ni, but I wonder if it's just because people have such a hard time describing Ni.  Do you feel that you understand it?  Perhaps you...
Heh, it's funny...when I first started learning about MBTI, I was torn between ISTJ and ISFP.   I have entertained the idea of being a shy extravert, but I have eventually rejected it.  I hate the...
Do you want us all to fawn over you?  This sounds more like a humble brag than anything.
I has a sad now.  :(
Well, 1 and 2 are more in line with STJs than SFJs.  Specifically, 2 sits kind of in the background, but will start acting like 1 if no one is there to take the lead.  However, if you said that you...
When I sneeze, I clamp my nose and mouth shut so spit and/or mucus doesn't get on anything.  It has never stopped a sneeze.
I'm not really great at typing others, but I just wanted to address this.  I really have NO idea why people see the Keys2Cognition test as the be-all-end-all holy grail of cognitive function tests. ...
Hey guys, so I saw the sticky saying that chat was removed.  I remember it when I joined eons ago and it stinks that it is gone.  However, I was wondering if the forumers here have an alternative...
Are you saying that I'm either an Se-dom (ESP) or Si-dom (ISJ) because I'm so positive on sensing?  Or are you saying something else?  Sorry, I'm a bit confused.    Hmm...I will say that my views...
I got RLUEN, which apparently correlates to ISTP.  However, E vs A (T vs F) was super close (44%) and U vs O (P vs J) was somewhat close (42%).  I feel like I've taken this before with the same...
Work before play.  I do the opposite and it's really terrible how much I procrastinate.  I can't see any downside unless you're a workaholic...in which case I don't understand you at all.  :P
Hi guys.  I joined this forum years ago and participated for a bit before dropping off the face of the planet.  In the short time I was here, I inquired about my personality type and couldn't come up...
I'm really tired so I don't know if I did this right...  ENFP  E - 22 N - 50 F - 12 P - 11
Well, let me start off by saying that tests don't personally know you.  Personality tests are simply made for you to get a rough idea of what your type may be.  The rest requires introspection and...
Tests don't really know who you are, making even the professional ones that you pay for not always accurate. Have you tried looking at functions?  If you are in fact an EP, then Se or Ne is your...
Heh.  Just interesting is all. :laughing:   Hmm... I've never seen Fe described that way before.  It kind of makes it seem like Fe just follows the crowd and I'm not sure that I identify with...
Ahh... bingo.    Very interesting post.  Thank you.  I've always identified a tad with the Avoidant personality disorder...   Hmm... this is a difficult decision... I'm not sure which I use or...
I'm getting some sort of ETJ vibe here.  You seem to use Te a lot, but I'm a bit unsure about your S/N.  Got any details you think might help with that?
Woah, thanks for the response.  About Fe - It's not that I don't want to give others negative energy or whatever, it's that I really have no desire to share my emotions with other people and I...
Okay, let me start of by saying that I've been here before.  It's been a while, and I've left a couple of typing forums for a while.  It wasn't for any particular reason... I just lost interest. ...
I dunno, you sound pretty N to me.  I think more Ne than Ni, but i'm not very certain.  It's funny how a lot of people just assume they're N, I've always been the opposite.  :tongue:  Do you relate...
Yeah.  It's funny because I try to tell this one friend of mine not to care so much about what other people think when I know that I care too much also.  The difference with me is that I do not...
Well, I dunno.  1. It gives me something to think about.  2. When I first thought that I might be an SJ, I got really angry.  I think it was due to the fact that it is common, and I didn't want...
Well, people typically go in groups to this sort of thing.  Some have dates, but most people go in groups and party with their group.  If I go alone, I'll just be standing there in a room full of a...
Uhhh... not really.   Thanks for responding though. :/
Well, I have somewhat of an issue.  The homecoming dance to my high school is coming up this weekend.  Last year, I was surprised and this random group of people asked me to go with them.  We were...
I'm leaning towards INTJ.
Thought so.   Case closed.
Haha.  These are great.  Me please?
Let's say we have a subject named Bob.  Whenever Bob goes and socializes with his friends, his mood and energy levels change to match his friends' mood and energy levels.  So Bob goes over to Joe's...
I am about to be sleeping.  'Night.
I'm doing yet another project.
I set it to start playing whenever you view my page. *evil grin*
After some more consideration, I've changed my mind and I think my mom is an ISFP.    I don't really think so.  My parents are both introverted and... well, I think I'm introverted, but I'm not...
I've never taken the official test, but I have taken numerous online tests.  The first time I took one (when I had no knowledge of MBTI and therefore no bias) I got ISTJ, but I wouldn't say that this...
Maybe so, but I think that it mainly shows that people should not think that they are limited by their type.  Everyone uses all of the functions, but MBTI shows what they prefer to use.
I think about a lot of things just for the sake of thinking.  It's usually not about what I'm about to do, but about a lot of random things.  I may be thinking about what would happen in a certain...
I just had some ice cream so I'm in dessert mode. :tongue:  http://ca.geocities.com/healthymomsconnect@rogers.com/images/ChocolateCake.jpg
What causes thought?  How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood?
Yes.  Done.  He is an EYQP.
http://www.scsv.nevada.edu/~susanb/jblog/archives/frustrated.jpg'"


5426: ':frustrating:  ___________  I have a ticket to Bolivia lol but I just realized I have to pay 160 dollars just to get into country and have a bunch of documents and can only stay there for 30 days...
will my avatar show up now?  (Don't like this one much but don't feel like looking for another)
How dare you  (for real I hated this movie more than anything I've ever seen...I don't think it's 2ish at all...maybe more in the 469 tritype range. So much...philosophically self-defeatingly...
I like Robert just on a personal level. He's just a beautiful character to me.  I don't think Renly would make a bad king. Didn't like what they did with him in the show though; he was much more...
Anyways, yesterday I was reading this analysis:  https://sweeticeandfiresunray.com/2015/10/30/the-cursed-souls-of-eddard-and-robert/  Together with this: ...
But I see the SPs dropping off like flies :shocked: beginning with Robert (ugh, I might miss him the most) and not ending
Every time an STJ is born the gods flip a coin...
Not familiar with many movies so gonna do TV shows instead stop me  Game of Thrones - 6w5  The Office - think it's essentially a 9 show, by theme, even though I believe main character is a 2. ...
Signorina Misteriosa it's funny how much your stepmother experiences sound like my father experiences :laughing: Like could be the same story  And I love my father and all that but certain people...
That was head type incarnate ^
Gossip Goat yeah you definitely sound like a 6 :laughing:  (didn't delete my latest posts in time :( )
In my personal view of the Enneagram types don't tend to look up to their integration type because their integration type is where they fell from grace; integration type is 'that idiot who got me...
No - of course! I should connected my points more; I meant that for me, my integration point and moving there tends to feel negative Which I think is because - to really integrate you have to...
Maybe but in shitty way Unfortunately    2 still goes to an image type  Line to 4 reminds me of...I was such a free-spirited child but people didn't really like me, not that people like me all...
I mean they kept telling me that students were complaining about my classes, but I don't understand why because I thought my classes were good and it seemed like the students liked me  I hate that...
Quit my job Didn't really mean to but my supervisor was giving me some comments and it just happened  So fucking sad They were obviously going to fire me at the end of the month I think and I was...
:laughing: good memory)) are door skills really ISTJ though?))
Yeah but I have no faith in typers on that forum, also I don't post there so people don't know me))
actually, aren't all my collages...super ISTJ??   https://i.pinimg.com/564x/65/02/0b/65020b355b0da889bbb7b462c7f53033.jpg...
Really like your avatar btw Signorina Misteriosa, keep meaning to mention it but then it disappears Hard even to explain why
I'm like...going to change it in my official thing/signature, suddenly just clicked I mean things have clicked before but...idk  Someone suggested it elsewhere and so it was back in my...
I wonder...if anyone can see ISTJ for me  (Sorry I'm not more caught up on this thread, PerC keeps taking forever to load :((( )
This is such an annoying behaviour :(  I don't understand it
I often feel this way) Thing you said about being a kid made sense too, I think I was less Siish about it then! but it's one of those things you do as a kid to be good so I liked to do it
.
.
.
Arya - sp/sx 8w7? Sansa - so/sp 9w1?  Not really sure, just my general impression
Well, it is actually a problem/confusion for me but thanks anyways
I like this idea. I think I've even had this happen with Ne exactly  Happens a lot on this website haha but in life as well  Me:  ...
Go.
No) If anything you're more...Varys-ish somehow? and I don't know his type, maybe 5...guess it could be 3 but idk it feels weird...but it's not a perfect metaphor in any case I still think 3 is an...
Everything in the Enneagram is a human thing. It's about the neurosis and fixation. Pretty much everything in any Enneagram type might show up in any individual person given circumstance etc.   I'm...
I'm interested in this typing Always thought 3 seemed wrong and 8 seems more or less right but 2 is an interesting second choice  ...I'd be lying if I said I didn't relate to him at all :unsure:...
why won't he leave the kitchen  It's been hours  What can he be possibly doing in there  At 9:30 at night still  This isn't counting several straight hours through the day
i want to kill my roommate i want to kill my roommate i want to kill my roommate
Not sure if it's just my computer, but no other website is having this problem for me.  Trying to pull up individual threads is a real chore, and I usually need to refresh several times to make the...
I mean, I'm very afraid of overselling myself and then disappointing people haha
Not up on/interested in conversation at hand (lol I tried to read it but felt like I was missing something) This is just about me :star:  Been wondering if I'm 2w3 instead of 2w1, discussion of...
Aww I actually like the Bran=Night's King theory  But I like Last Hero = Night's King so much more  Don't like them together though  Recommend everyone check out this website btw if you haven't...
Been thinking more about why Littlefinger's death and why it bothered me (besides the fact that I was sad lol):  The first question is: did he deserve to die?  Because I'm Fi and can't not I have...
Considering sx 9  I was realizing how much I need to be like...woken up But not like I'm asleep...like I'm frozen in stone.  And what I mean is...I need ANOTHER person to wake me up, I was just...
Oh I'm going to miss Littlefinger :crying::kitteh::ghost::lovekitty::violin::ball::ghost2:
Type? (feels possibly valuable because it seems like my self-images clashes with mother's image of me)   http://i.imgur.com/Sd0TTZd.png http://i.imgur.com/ZCaygk7.png...
Ugh PerC keeps completely failing me on my computer and my phone is so useless It's why I haven't been posting/thanking, literally can't get to page most of the time  So excited that I'm here rn...
-Theon is the boy raised by wolves  http://cdn.playbuzz.com/cdn/9e1f4667-9edc-425a-8863-d4ae6fb5b4bc/a894da48-bc3e-4f9a-8584-58c4592c7d95.gif  -And of course Tyrion is the dwarf offering people...
http://i.imgur.com/O2MVGei.jpg
George RR Martin's writing is so...beautiful in detail and evocative, it seems a little Si to me  All day, Will had felt as though something were watching him, something cold and implacable that...
Ooh the Laurence Olivier one! haven't seen it just seriously love laurence olivier
I don't understand leash thing Is that a sign that I am syn-flow?'"


5452: 'WOW mostly.. Im thinking about trying out kotor but Ive heard mixed comments about it. I will be getting into D3 in december.
You may not have been born yet but the first time I ever saw this was when there was a tv series on called kids in the hall where they would go around 'crushing peoples heads' with their fingers .....
Hi Yall!!! I'm Christian.. I am non-denomination faith.  God has seen me through some scarey rough times. I talk to Him daily. :D
I just found out why I am a love avoidant. The thought of someone having the power to crush me and elate me is verrrrry scary. I don't like to not be in control of my emotions and love is like the...
I just had to take down my facebook to try to stop my stalker. bleh..Im not very happy about that either. Somehow he found out a way around the blocked feature. I didnt think that was possible. Well...
Interesting question. I prefer my own company most of the time as I don't have any IRL friends. I don't like being happy alone, it disturbs me but, I am the way I am I guess.  But, if I play my...
I am not an INFJ but this discussion captivated me.  I am merely an observer of human nature and these responses are so interesting to me.
Ahh , yes we are on the St. Mary's river that separates Georgia and Florida
Mood: Curious Interesting.. I live next to the St. Mary's river.
It is hard. I didn't expect it to take such an emotional toll. Being noticed is uncomfortable at best. I don't like the attention it brings. But being healthy is my main priority.
sexy: losing weight and feeling good about myself for once in my life. I have always been overweight so i have no idea what its going to be like fit.  well see
Happy: No real reason just at peace and optimistic about my future.
Blah:  I dont know why i like having computer friends. Real life friends are great but when I want to get away I cant. LOL. That sounds so selfish I know. I wish I was extroverted and gitty and...
Happy: Got my World of Warcraft game back up and running after a year break. I really missed my friends.  Funny, most of my friends live in my computer. LOL.
Embarrassed: I have been in the dumps lately and took it personal like a dork. Forgive me for jumping to conclusions.
Sad. I was only trying to relate to help but it backfired. I just reminded of why I keep to myself. I dont do conflict well so I avoid it as I dont need it in my life.  Goodbye and cheers....
Ok sorry.
No fair!! You got all the cool genes.  I was just stuck with the 'great ass' gene. pfft.
I was going to rant about a valid subject but I forgot what it was. Now THAT pisses me off. :/
I have a dark sense of humor. I try not to let it out of the coffin for very long. lol
Woke up in a fog.  Power was out and it started getting muggy in the house. Depression has settled in for the day.  Heres to making myself be happy as I refuse to be controlled by my own seratonin.
Shes realized how she screwed up.  There are alot of guys out there that will prove to her she should have held onto you. Hindsight is always 20/20.
This has happened to me but with my deceased brother recently. We were in our grandparents house that has since been long gone. Odd,  I wish we could choose the dreams we want to have.  Of course I...
You have the worse case scenario in my opinion. Its so hard to get over someone when they are right in front of you day in and day out. I don't know the circumstances but I do know that if there is...
The closest town here is 20 miles. I live in a forest and yeah I know what its like to be newly single. It takes some getting used to.  But Its beginning to be refreshing now I can just concentrate...
LOL..  Im sure it would.. I havent played the game in a year.
LOL i get that from my gaming addiction. Im a dirty little horde.
Worry and stress will do that. I am a worrier and stresser. Getting a massage is healing to the mind... I recommend visiting your local spa.
She doesnt want what is said tracible. I know I spelled that word wrong lol.. tracable, tracible, traceble.. idk..anyways.. she wants it so that what you decided on that it can be her word against...
right now really nervous as well.. Divorce will be final on 8-14. No job, going through college. Im 38 and starting my life over. This is just plan nerve wrecking
Yes thank you for the correction.. I am one of the few that dont care about typos
we are curious and maticulus by nature. The fact that someone replied to this doesnt suprise me.
Hi, new here and I have commented on some of your threads as a stranger. Muaahaaa:kitteh:
I am human and am fallible and am probably guilty of most of these peeves. However, I am misophonic and I cannot tolerate annoying sounds. Barking dogs, obnoxious people chewing gum, sucking teeth,...
I am at peace. I have alot of life chores that rattle around in my head but have written them all down with a plan to peel them off of each one of my nerves. That and I am medicated. bahhaaaa
Im and inspector definately. The job I loved the most was and auditor.
loner/artist/hated authority/singer/poet/weird/fat/virgin/clever/witty/sarcastic
avoidant'"


5479: 'Honestly, the guy I'm with right now is my ideal guy.   He's caring to a fault (in fact he's been hurt in the past for caring too much), he's a goof, he owns up to his mistakes, he is himself and...
DaisyChain  Just watched tonight's episode! Congrats!  I just wanted to say that I think you looked beautifully professional both nights- the suits suited you very well. And the necklaces you...
DaisyChain I watched it live tonight and was so excited for you! I'll be watching tomorrow too. ^_^ Bravo!
So here goes.   I've been on dating websites for the past three months now. The usual- OkC, match, PoF (which is really horrible btw). Nothing ever came of the guys I messaged, and I just didn't...
Rant: Finally giving up on meeting anyone right now. Like, seriously? I have things to DO. But I am lonely. I just want to TALK to a sane person every once in a while. Why is that so hard to find? ...
Rave: Soooo... last 24 hours have changed things up a bit! :D  I asked a guy out way back in early December... because our classes together were ending, and I thought I would never see him again....
+1 :(   See... now... opposite for me. Not that I ask every guy out that I see, but when I like someone, I ask them out.   It's a problem.   My younger ENFP sister says you're so brave and...
Rant:  Went out to lunch with a big group of colleagues today. New colleagues- people that I was getting to know. The supervisor paid for the meal, it was really nice (and soooo nice of her to do...
Me, yesterday: http://i96.photobucket.com/albums/l163/sonjalittle/ScreenShot2014-04-08at83319PM_zps38cd5432.png  Me and my favorite cat of all time, Ben: (sadly, Ben belongs to my cousins. It's a...
Umm. Okay. Here we go. This is a rant, btw.   So for a long time now, I have been plodding along towards a biochemistry degree at my university. But, you see, the truth is that my heart was never...
Thanks Sela. Yeah, I figure... I don't really want guys who flirt around anyways. It just kinda bothered me, because this was the first time I had ever really put in the effort in this... arena. And...
UGH.  So I liked a guy at work for about 7 months, but it turned out that he had a girlfriend for about 4.5 of those last months, and they are still together. She is very... ah, successful? Better...
I may have done something stupid and rash, and frankly a bit irresponsible, but hell- I'm young. I'm supposed to do that, right?!?! I bought a refurbished Nintendo 3DS XL from the Nintendo website....
So... things have been pretty crazy for me lately. My health issues have started to sort themselves out with the help of my absolutely amazing neurologist. It turns out that I have been very sick for...
...  he just got in a relationship.   soooo....  fml?  yeah. FML.
School started a while ago. And, well, I have this probelm, of sorts. Remember that guy I used to write about, the guy who worked in the store part of the pharmacy that I work at? Well, I like him a...
The majority of people I encounter call me by my full name (Allison), and if someone attempts to call me Allie- I quickly correct them to the full version. I absolutely dislike the shortened...
Rave! I got to talk with my crush today. As well as stand extremely physically close to him. :blushed:  He can decide if that was due to the circumstances or due to my ardent fancy for him. LOL. ...
I feel ya. I really do. Especially... well, all of the parts of this story :(  Hang in there. Although I don't know if it gets better or not. D:
I went to an ENT doctor, and they did a nasal endoscopy (basically shoving a metal stick up your nose through to your sinuses- VERY UNCOMFORTABLE). The ENT physician had a horrible bedside manner and...
I am so happy that I can barely contain my excitement! :D  Rave: I saw a neurologist today, and she was this older black lady who was so witty and kind. She said that my headaches were indeed...
Pen(Lamy Safari in charcoal).  http://img823.imageshack.us/img823/9394/fountainl17safari.jpg  Cursive.  http://imageshack.us/a/img5/3179/29753524989391869843697.jpg
See... here's the thing. It might be awkward, but it wouldn't be the end of the world. He's professional at work (lol, professional in retail), and so am I, so I see hardly any problems if that was...
UGHHHHH. I am frustrated.   I don't know how to handle this situation... I have never been in this position before and felt the way that I feel.  So I like this guy at work. :blushed: He's...
LOLOLOLOL.   My siblings are like WTF because we were chatting about how my brother (ESTJ) has had a girlfriend for like 4.5 years (since 14-15 age), and my sister always kinda has boyfriends for...
I am a memory brain. ^_^  I also adore Jeopardy. But now that I work nights, I rarely get to watch anymore. :(
I love Legos.   As for games... My favorites are Mille Bournes, Monopoly Deal, Quoridor, Quarto, and Rock Me Archimedes.   My dad and I went into Marbles: The Brain Store in San Fran, and we were...
Rave: Chatting via text with my old ISTJ flame, AND I FEEL NOTHING. BOOYAH.  He got a job at REI (lol, remember how upper-class I said he was? haha... that place is perfect for him).   Rave: I...
I just need to get this out there, and I don't want to post it on Facebook and get sympathy comments/likes.   Rant:  So I have been having headaches for 3.5 months now. I have been seeing my...
Rave: So there's this guy that works in the front part of the store where I work (I work waaay back in pharmacy). I really like him. A lot.  He's nice. He's quiet. He has great customer service. He...
I... I think I just got politely chatted up by a really nice guy (who is an acquaintance to me) in school today.   It went well. :D  I'm just surprised. It was in my school's very tiny NMR/IR...
The amount of love you receive (or do not receive) does not determine your self-worth. You are worthy of love.
I am the oldest of three children. My brother is 2.5 years younger than me, and is self-typed as ESTJ. My sister is 5 years younger than me, and is self-typed as ENFP. (I am currently 21, my brother...
I went to my first African Violet Society meeting tonight.   It was a LOT of fun. I dragged my sister along, and she laughed at everyone who was there. And she is now kinda interested in helping...
My fajah. He's a wild and crazy guy. Haha.   http://img651.imageshack.us/img651/1228/pict0005rqs.jpg  http://img690.imageshack.us/img690/4343/pict0026fw.jpg ...
I've been to the VLA.   Honestly... it'll take you about an hour before you get really bored of the place. The museum is very out of date. And I was very interested in the place! My family was...
I like Facebook- I have a large amount of relatives overseas, as well as in different parts of the US, so it's a wonderful way to still be in touch with them and the goings-ons in their lives.   I...
Rant: Got called into work early tonight. They failed to tell me that the cash register look-up system for the pharmacy was down, so we had to do it the old fashion way. Â¬_Â¬ It caused a TON of...
RANT: Dear Lord please help me finish this paper.   I need to write like the wind.   Too bad every sentence is like a pint of blood being taken from my body.   :(  RAVE: Disneyland soon, with...
Rant.   My mother is a monster. She alienates everyone around her through manipulation and guilt and general bossy-ness.   My father is a sad man. It hurts me to type that, but it's true.   I...
Rant.   I can't breathe. Seriously.   I went to urgent care yesterday, and went to my primary doctor today, and they say that it's early bronchitis, maybe pneumonia.   Problem is, is that I've...
Rant: It's stopped raining where I live.   Rant: So, I've been working a lot lately. The one guy who works in the pharmacy with me is the biggest douche I think I've ever met, but there are other...
I need some help.   I just got a text today from my ex-crush ISTJ guy friend. (Backstory: Had a huge crush on him in hs, now that we're in college, I've tried to distance myself, but he keeps...
Do you just nod an agree with everyone just to get them off your back? With my opa and other older relatives- yes. When people start talking politics, then I just nod and agree.  Concerning...
Rant: I have absolutely no motivation to clean my room.   But it really does need to be cleaned. I know that much.   Seriously. It's horrible.  WHERE HAVE YOU GONE, MOTIVATION?! WHY DID YOU...
I have those shoes in black and I absolutely LOVE them. They are pretty comfortable. I wish the toe had a bit of a platform though. :( They look good on you. :D  Rant: I got sick this weekend,...
What Genres do you like to play/release stress playing? Old RPGs? Adventure games. Super Smash Brothers (a genre all its own). Mario Kart.    Favorite Games recently? Lego Indiana Jones (I was...
Rave: Work has been going really well for me so far.  Rave: I've updated my sig. Maybe I'll keep it, maybe I won't.   Rave: I enjoy Billy Joel gifs. Example:...
Ignore them.   If I have to be in contact with them, then I act like a pleasant robot.  Usually the ignoring to the extreme of being rude phase lasts until I find out more about the guy...
So here we go.   I don't know if I've notified PerC people about this, but I got a new job. I used to work in a surgeon's office doing filing, but through my friend at school, I got a pharmacy...'"


5554: 'Oh jeez I dunno...  Probably when I stripped down to my underwear and ran around my house for a bet.  It was really hot. :happy:
A phone calendar. All I need. You don't need fancy stuff to be organized, just stick with the basics and you'll be fine.
Are you still in high school still? If so, take some AP courses in each of these topics and see what you like and don't like.  You can always double major too. Although I would have to recommend a...
...when you can barely keep it together at the end of Forrest Gump. :crying:
See if you can shadow one/both psychologist and psychiatrist. Ask them these questions and see what they have to say. They would probably be your best resource for this type of information.
I think so, they have to be careful though. If they load up trauma patients in shock with lots of fluids they could bust their clots, making them bleed even more. Usually they just set fluids at TKO...
I get hot. Really, really hot.
You should be fine. Shock control is easy! And it basically stays the same up until the paramedic level. Although I'm surprised you guys put them in the Trendelenburg position instead of...
Yep, it sounds very similar. The NREMT is the US agency that registers all EMRs, EMTs, AEMTs, and Paramedics nationally. Looking through some scope of practice manuals it looks like Canadian EMR vs...
You are enrolled in an EMR course, not EMT right?  If you are worried about the NREMT exam, don't be. EMR is very very basic in it's scope.  You should have no problem as long as you read your...
When you correct the teacher/professor in front of the whole class.
Seriously making me bawl haha :')  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqmuNExKsG0
Ohh..I can't pick just one song to choose as my favorite! I have too many!  Probably if I had to choose, my favorite would be Holst's Planets, thats about as detailed I can get. I also like some...
I was actually quieter before. Of course, I could be an idiot with friends but hey...I was mostly pretty serious.
Frustrated. I just had a four hour shift at a local hospital pharmacy (That services over 550 patients), and I HAD TO RUN THE ENTIRE PIT AREA BY MYSELF. I'm a volunteer for crying out loud! I'm...
To be honest, it really depends what we're talking about here...If I wanted to have a smaller class for...chemistry, I'd go for it, but I'd want a bigger class for you know...speech. It really just...
How do you sleep? on your back? side? stomach? I sleep on my stomach.  do you stay in one position? or move about? I seem to flip over and roll around a lot...kind of annoying. I move my legs...
I find it pretty easily actually. If I see they shy or away, or become at a loss for words I know I hit something that I shouldn't have, so I back off and change the subject. It just comes with time.
Well that sucks.
Music is where I use all of my emotion, so I kind of have a personality 360 and kinda of just choose whatever I like on the spot. Looking through my music library, I can't really notice a trend of...
Sickness is not very common to me thankfully. So far, it's only been a two or three colds a year at most...but I basically try to suck it up, and move on. Take my cough meds and take some extra...
I'm like Sela. I took a speech class this year during the summer, and it helped improve my social improvisation (like jokes and comebacks) significantly. I really noticed an confidence boost after I...
Having an ISTJ mom myself..I know we're your coming from. Does she continue the sentence when you've already said yes twice as well?  Just talk to her about it, really. Don't snap, or she'll get...
You forgot silver! D':...oh well.  My probably absolute favorite color is the dark shade of blue that is cast by light streaming through a storm front...like in this picture....
Here are my ten commandments.  1) Thou shalt invest at least 20% of thine income for investment/savings. 2) Thou shalt not rack up shopping debts unless necessary, and planned out accordingly. 3)...
I have an irrational fear of salons. lol
If it ain't broke, don't fix it!
Compartmentalize = sort of making them a different part of your life? A bad example would be a double life, but basically the same big picture, yes? Then yeah, I do that. I act in completely...
That sometimes it's just best to leave me alone. You're great and all, but no, the fifth time asking for a night clubbing isn't going to change my answer.  And stop making fun of me for being a...
There would be no art. At all.
I do a lot of observing, but I'm really picky on what I want to remember. My memory capacity is only so big, so I'd the stuff that's in there to be useful. ;)
Music has always worked..and so has reading. If you really can't think of something, you could always take a nap or just watch some TV.
0/4. 0% F   Just kidding :crazy:. You get 2/4 for some very stereotypical generalizations.
I like fish.  Lol, but as for animals...I don't know. I just want pets/animals that are low maintenance. I tend to pack my schedule full, so if I need to add an extra half an hour walking the dog a...
I tend to act really ENFP..y when I go out and be social (Yeah, I'm not near as introverted as my personality test says). Not exactly sponateous (but a little), but lots of quick comments and...
Um...going back on topic..  Sure it's probably already been addressed..but we are SJs...we are the diversity. So you're going to get just about everything under the sun. I'm personally a more go...
Very true with ISTJ's I've come to see. As well my own personal writing novel/whatever crapola I need to right for English I usually consider it a pretty much bs'ed essay. But...the teacher thinks I...
...AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. VOICES INSIDE MY HEAD!   But yep, pretty much.
Like most people said, it really depends what job and why.  If I'm a grocery bag stuffer because I need some money I'll be an average joe. If it's my professional job (like a physician) I'll...
Yeah...once I pass the barrier of This is so stupid, everybody will make me look like an idiot I actually have quite a bit of fun..but yeah.. I needed to be prodded along. As for like learning to...
I saw there were a few sixteeners at the begging of the thread...might need to count it down to the days :o
I like money, because it's fun to stockpile it. :cool:
I had one, but it isn't the really best example. Met her (ENFP) in a extracurricular, so we were together for a lot, but then it just dropped off. I never really minded the whole spontaneousness, I...
I vote for tradition (:crazy:). Stone!
Well, autism makes the mind think in pictures, which I guess can happen with a really vivid and strong Si dominance..but I dunno. I think it's just people trying to understand us...but failing...
Yeah...but Wikinews is the way to go. Other than the occasional look there every few months, not much news following. Unless reading the paper while eating a poptart in the morning counts.
16! I think I win the youngest here award, no?
ISTJ...with a pot....in the kitchen? :confused:  Yeah, I go and hide, not like travel but just lock myself in my house. I kind of go through these cycles of when I want to be social and when I...
Lol...math is our perfect partner...yet we all hate it. :crazy:
Being able to have fun by myself instead of having to rely on somebody to help me with that. :cool:  But I dunno, I think it's the main doing something important in your life and find it fulfilling.'"


5609: 'Ive got a rave...todays Dilbert cartoon:  The official Dilbert website with Scott Adams' color comic strips, animation, mashups and more!   hehehe
You should be watching Fringe You should all be watching Fringe... GO NOW!!!!!! hehe  wazzup ya'll?
I got nothing to add, i just felt like giveing thumbs up to sparkles avatar. hehe <smiley>
Why is it companys insist on providing mandatory free trials of crap when you buy something? I am so tired of the constant stream of snail mail, emails and phone calls trying to get me to buy...
Dibs on the strawberrys when they arrive!!!   (I luuuvs me some strawberrys)
This could have been coming out of my mouth word for word. well, except for the having a BF (in my case GF) part.
bowling, thats about it i guess
I'm not. I am who i am, people dont like it...too bad.
i'd post but i dont have anything to say
My experience is that people have less time once they are no longer in school.  In fact they usually disappear completely. Abandonment..aint it grand?
neither...they are frenemies :tongue:
shoes aint the problem..its shirts, they never fit properly
So would you say that you Kant understand?  :wink:
Noise cancelling headphones? i think i need some of those. Anything to drown out the tounge clicking and noisy potato chip eating of my coworker.
nooooooo...preeety sure my version is more acurate
You're welcome to move in with me. (the commute might be a killer tho lolol):wink:   Ugh...those are some butt-ugly emoticons
my life is much too boring and mundane to even bother with a Facebook status
Britain has more u's
Hmmm...maybe thats what i needed when I had Calculus in High School
paying for ambience Seems a common thing for pulic events,  its like 7 bucks for a hotdog and can of pop at the local 4th of July festival back home.
I thought Perth was rather nice.
I drive very carefully, because there are manics on every corner and in every driveway just waiting to ram into me.
That may be true....but i'll still be letting other folks be the ones to do it.:wink:
nope...dont want to be in charge at all ever.  Just let me be a worker bee
wheres a thumbs up smiley when i need one? :wink:
Oh...yeah...we are gonna be ranting today....  I really hate the people who call in with complaints about maps when the map they are looking at is 10 years old....and we've since updated the thing...
Butterscotch? if it is save some for me!!!:wink:
dunno, i cant find a post to see what it is. (rather like ol' Doc Brennan in her profile tho:wink:)
I prefer escalators anyways
One class was Remote Sensing (prof gave me a A-)  the other was my Geography Capstone (got a B there)
what about if you are a good guesser?:wink:  i didnt have a choice, it was write paper or write paper (luckily not 40 pages cause Im willing to bet I hate..no... despise, writing even more than...
i think theres a fair amount of beef farming in Canuckistan (and i hear that they even have flush toilets there now in the Great White North)  :wink:
nope just contemplating the mysterys of the universe.   or maybe it was reading online comic strips...you know tomayto tomahto:wink:
I'm paranoid about the reason you keep winking at me. :confused:(now the tounge.... that I get:wink:)  hehe
I have no one so I do them all.
Yeah, I can relate, i've been here in NC 5 years and I still dont really know anyone outside of work.
Earth:tongue:  Seriously tho, i think its a futile exercise to meet insert specific MBTI type here.  Its not like you can walk into a bar and tell which people are which type. One can only do...
Art Vandelay?
you need to use your fo-fum instead :wink:
Worked for me.:happy:
well ok...  im a scorpio, i like long walks on the beach, rodeo and shuffleboard. I hate party games and people who aren't real.   Oh... wait, you meant sumthin' else dinchya'?:wink:
<hugs> for da nosilla, things wont suck forever.  P.S. do you like birthday cake? i have cake:wink: you can have some.  Rantystuff....ran over somethign this morning, and my tyre is coming...
well this ISTJ prefers bluejeans and t-shirts
I've been betrayed by people I thought were friends many times.  I no longer attempt to make new friends and do nothing I cant do on my own as I know I can rely on no one at all ever.
Judging by their posts its the Cult of Keyboard Diarrhea:laughing:
Maria Bamford, Jeff Dunham, Ron White  Personally I'd avoid Jeff Foxworthy, Bill Engvall and Larry the Cable Guy.  (but thats just me ;-) )
I'm right behind you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! bwahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!
no can do...:wink:like i said i only have 2 pics of myself, you've seen one and the other looks the same:wink:
That is so true, if only someone would join and pick a username that starts with O  :wink::laughing:
welll....not really. in my case anyways. i have 2 pics of myself, and you've seen one of them.'"


5612: 'According to my ESTP boyfriend, yes, ESTPs are pretty common.  I wouldn't say they are really TACTFUL, because they are less THINK and more DO.  They're very action-oriented people, and that's what...
Is it an ISTJ thing to notice that the grammar is wrong in the poll?  And to have it bug me? Sigh.  All in all, the year has been great thus far (still a day and a half left!), with the minor...
That's so true.  I like the logic in how you think.  Also, what if you had a pillow pet?  Like one of those stuffed animals that flatten out in the midsection into a very comfy pillow?  Those were...
Organized? (You seldom lose important items such as papers, keys, and you make it to your appointments/classes/work on time.)   I'm somewhat organized.  I've got an appointment calendar for most...
Oh Sela, you sound like me.  I have to do CPR/First Aid again too!  But in regards to your post, Jacon, I definitely have problems remembering things.  I find I'm not an auditory learner so much...
I wouldn't say you're too much.  Different, yes, but I can handle you guys!  At least, I can handle my ESTP boyfriend, and he likes my J traits, so we work well together.  Some of the things you...
Haha...my boyfriend did the same thing...he did something to his ankle, but refused to go to a doctor because he said it would cost him too much money.  And then it was swelling up, and he said it...
It might help to do something you like doing.  So if you're super energetic, then do something that works with that (e.g. rock climbing, a sport, etc.).  Doing something you like just takes part of...
What are your religious beliefs? Catholic  What is your political party? Liberal (similar to Democrat in the States)  Do you have any siblings? One Sister  What was/is your major in college?
I agree, that's an awesome show!  I have yet to meet an ISTJ.  Well, at least to identify that someone I know is an ISTJ.  I still don't know the types of the majority of the people I know, and...
That's actually some pretty good advice.    I didn't know it at the time, but when I was younger, my mom and sister used to always tell me to join clubs and stuff at school.  I sorta felt like...
Uhh...that's the point.
That's the BEST expression ever! I use it a lot...
I WANT a brother. Does that count?
Your Type is  ENFP  Strength of the preferences %   Extraverted 100 Intuitive 12 Feeling 62 Perceiving 78
I heard my name. Why're you talkin' 'bout me? Better not be anything bad!  Oh, yup. In 'loo too! Pewpew!
Not sure if I'm necessarily reading for the information access, as you put it. I'd usually choose a big fictional novel over news, although I'll pick up a newspaper if there's nothing else lying...
Hrm...that may be true. Learning a language also has it's technicalities (i.e. conjugating verbs and whatnot), which seems like a left-brained sorta thing to do.  Oh dear, every time I'm asked to...
But isn't it more of an opposites attract thing? Always having someone who is almost exactly the same as me (being ISTJ and ISTJ) may be good initially, but I think I would be driven insane if I...
There's a fine line between relaxing and monotone; I'm sure you're not monotonous!  But yeah, it's great to have someone who's a bit more mellow and reasonable to talk to. :)
I agree with you both.  Sometimes, I forget that not everyone uses the same brand of logic as me, and so when I expect them to get some part of a project done, or to have finished something, I'm...
Hey, if everyone else is doing it, doesn't it make it not creepy and just normal?  So really, we're all normal. Despite this, and its prevalence, if I was told someone was stalking me, I definitely...
Really?  I did well in French in high school; although I'm currently not doing as well as I could, or at least as well as I expected.  Are we actually left-brained?  I didn't know that.  Maybe it's...
Yeah, I get that vibe too sometimes.  Or even between other people; like a more extroverted or feely-type person, where they just talk so easily with each other that I assume they know each other...
Being passive may be something we revert back to, a general personality trait, but I'm sure we can all stand out when we want to.  It just depends on the situation, and what we are called on to do. ...
I totally know what you mean about P.E.  I was SO glad they only made us take it once.  Not that I don't like sports; don't get me wrong -- I LOVE sports. I just hate getting graded on them, and...
That goes alongside that saying, whatever it actually is; the one that basically says jokes are funny only because they're partly true...
Hahaha...it's funny that an ISTJ keeps the excitement in your life.  But yes, don't get us pissed. You won't like us when we're not happy with you.
It's weird.  I think it has something to do with being a girl, but I love flowers.  Getting a flower would be nice on V-day.  Nothing flashy like a huge bouquet, but a single rose just melts me. ...
Seems like we're all going through the same thing here, and everyone's felt this in one way or another.  For the most part, speaking up in a group (although it takes me WAY out of my comfort zone),...
I'm sorry you didn't have the best experience with us; hopefully you'll meet more ISTJs that are nicer.  But I do think that we tend to act differently with the people we know, than to strangers. ...
Not sure if ISTJs really could dish it out all day as you say, Lilsnowy.  We're not exactly the super-talkative bunch (maybe so around the people we know well). I'd think we usually know when to...
Reading about Pokemon in the morning sure beats studying.  Welcome to the forum!
Not sure what to say about this.  On the one hand, an intelligent hell would still be hell. That implies that despite the advancements in technology, or societal benefits, life would essentially...
- pay off university loans - give some to family (immediate & aunts/uncles/cousins) - buy a house (actual city TBD; depends where I end up working) - save some to furnish the house - get a car...
I'm sure a lot of people open up on the Internet.  There's something to be said about the anonymity of it all...  Hello and welcome!
OOH! Another ISTJ! Yay! (Okay, yes, I'm feeling childish today.)
who, me? O_O
And you know this because....?    This made my day. Yes, very early in the day, in fact.    *ahem* ISTJ's are the best!
Glad to know I'm not alone!  Especially since I hang around a lot of other extroverted types, it seems as if I'm the only one that feels like this!    That's so true.  I've never been good with...
Then you must not have very high expectations of us! :tongue: Anyway, dating can just start with hanging out and just doing something both of you enjoy; it doesn't have to be the traditional dinner &...
Dating. =)
There's always a reason...however small it may be, that stops us from communicating with you.  It could be something you did, or just something totally unrelated to you (like something that happened...
For someone who is less familiar with the whole cognitive theory (like me), I think the J/P thing is just a good rule of thumb to know right away which function dominates.  Yes, it's understood that...
Ahh...that's true.  I definitely need to read more about the types and cognitive functions to understand people, and how their brains work.  It always amazes me when someone else comes up with...
From the first way you put it, I seem like a P; I don't know if I really like making decisions myself.  I like it when other people make them for me (for the most part), but then would that fall...
Err...I thought that's what I said. In any case, that's what I meant.  Talking to strangers is one thing, talking to friends/family/etc. is something completely different.    Hahaha...you COULD...
Who does? Surely not me...?
Yeah, well, why share something if they aren't interested in knowing it about you? I'd rather not waste my time or breath.  And if they are honestly interested, well, they'd ask. In general, I don't...
Ahh okay; I get what you mean.  Yeah, sometimes I don't even really realize that it's taken the wrong way until I think about it more, or someone points it out to me.  Although many of my friends are...'"


5648: 'Like it was already mentioned, just try to get to know him slowly over time, since it takes time for us to build trust.    It's like the Thanksgiving turkey you ate.  Gotta let that stuff cook...
When my friend and I used to study in the library, my friend would put up a sign I CAN in front of him.  Haha, in all seriousness, as mentioned, I think once you get into the grind of things,...
We're probably the most dependable of the 16 types; don't be disappointed when other types fail to meet your expectations.  Instead, try to exercise more patience.
Yes, each denomination applies truth differently, but the core gospel remains the same.    Basketball teams apply different styles of play depending on where you go - Some teams emphasize defense,...
Jon Niednagel, creator of Brain types.      Well, you can read a specific description and extract general principles (warmth, passion, etc.,), can't you?  Isn't that how you came up with the...
What do you guys think about this ISTJ spiritual description?  ..Spirituality is often a serious issue to ISTJs.  Being avid truth seekers and craving sound doctrine, ISTJs arenâ€™t easily drawn to...
Dude, the only problem with what you just said is that you're mixing in your personal beliefs with what the gospel actually says.  Christianity doesn't work that way.  I don't want to start a riot...
---edited---
You know.  Remember that shy, quiet kid in the corner not saying anything?  Iâ€™ve noticed that you guys are amazingly gifted at making people feel welcome and warm up in social situations.   Yes,...
Too much arguing going on here.    Putting all theoretical stuff aside, its refreshing to be around people that are goofy, cheerful, giving, yet serious at the same time.   That means you guys....
We're the duty fulfillers, what did you expect? :tongue:  I'm currently in a similar situation.  So far, my job is so focused on pleasing the customer, so I tend to run myself into the ground.  ...
Meh, I've dealt with this before.  Well, my ex got semi-bored with me after a while (she was constantly surrounded by guys), but I let it slide, I gave her space, even though I was insecure and dying...
Basically what everyone else said. :happy:  ISTJs tend to have this stalkerish in the background type of style when it comes to being interested in someone else.  Think of a lion in the bushes,...
For me its hard because people somehow always tend to disappoint me.  People come and go, and sometimes its like, why invest all this energy if you don't really live up to what you say.  And as...
I really value loyalty.  Sure we can be friends and hang out a bit.  But what about a year, 5 years, 10 years down the road?   Will you still be in my life?  Will you make the effort to keep in...
-Christianity -Always being there for my loved ones -Common sense and thinking on my own -Psychology (why do people do the things they do?) -Pharmacy (first year student)   Couple PASSION with...
they're okay.  i guess it depends who im with.    if its with a bunch of strangers I'd probably feel a little awkward and nervous (i feel like i just fade into the background) i'm guessing its the...
lol.  i don't understand why people have to play games to maintain relationships. wait 3 days before calling her act like you don't care act alpha male  lol, fuck that.  just be yourself and...
ISTJs are extremely all or nothing and super committed when it comes to relationships.  Just call it off.
You're really misinterpreting what I'm saying, and I don't think I want to go back and argue anymore.  Too much energy...     Peace and love lolz
Nope.  Duality partners you switch the first 3 and keep the last.  So ISTJ's dual would be ENFJ.     Yeah, its hard to digest at first.  Its a complicated system which takes a while to learn,...
Nope.  Duality partners you switch the first 3 and keep the last.  So ISTJ's dual would be ENFJ.
Just so you guys know...  Semi-duality is a concept in Socionics, the theory of relationships between types.  Semi-dual pairs include:  ENTp - ISTp ISFp - ENFp ESFj - ISTj INTj - ENFj
All of psychology is technically a science.  Sure, not a hard science like biology, but its still a science.  Its not pseudoscience, that's complete bull shit.  Some studies: -Brain scans can...
Huh.  Just because something hasn't been officially labeled as science doesn't mean its not scientific.  MBTI is a system that describes a natural phenomenon, that phenomenon being that certain...
Yeah, depending on the person's mood, they may have different feelings about the questions.    However, this isn't how you should be answering the questions.  You should answer the questions as if...
it's not really putting people into a box.  he's not saying that.  psychological types do play a huge role in relationships.  istj-enfp relationships, while good at first, are extremely hard to...
I think people are most unhappy/uncomfortable when they are in jobs or situations where one is forced to use their weak functions that they don't necessarily care about.  For me, I hate it when I...
I wouldn't say esfp's are optimal for istj.  Istjs do what worked in the past and stick with that, while esfps try everything and see what works.  And based on my personal experience, they are too...
enfj.  they feel different and interesting, yet on the same page.
I look for something that will move and inspire me.  I suffer from a deficit of emotion and passion, so any kind of music that will get me moving emotionally- doesn't really matter what type it is...
Let's say a non-enfj  beat you in a game:  I win  Now let's say an ENFJ beat you in that same game:  I WIN! I WIN! I WIN! I WIN!!!!! :laughing::laughing:  *does a stupid little victory...
How to reciprocate?  Easy.  Show it through your actions.  They like the little things you do for them.
I think introversion is tied to being shy, and I think shy is tied to being unconfident.  Think of the word introvert...What do you picture?  A lonely, depressed dude trapped in his room cutting...
Sigh...This reminds me of my past relationship with my enfp.    I tried so hard to drag it on, to make it work even though it was so hard to understand each other.  I even looked at these...
so my enfj friend just posted a video on my facebook wall talking about her burnt poptart for two minutes, LOL  only enfjs could pull that off hahahhahaha
If I'm with my close friends, I like to tell jokes where I can freely be- mostly sexual, over-the-top jokes.  If I'm with a group of people that I'm not too close with, probably generalized jokes...
Oh just in case, I didn't mean it in a they like to start conflict kind of drama queen...  I meant more like...They add a lot of excitement to otherwise boring or normal situations.  Like they...
True that, true that.  Keep in mind those were very broad generalizations- I just wanted to hit the point that the ENFJs I've met had these very idealistic/global causes compared to ESFJs.  They...
The differences are huge.  ESFJs are more realistic, practical, and focused on the here and now.  They are more focused on what can be done now versus what could be done in the future.  You could...
It applies to any type of close psychological interaction for a period of time.  It will probably be more obvious/pronounced in romantic interactions, but it can also be seen when they are working...
No.  Fundamentally, ENTPs want to freely explore and dive into different things, while the ISTJs abide by the system of views they formulate in their head- this can be a big source of tension between...
Np dawg...  Nothing better than coming home after a hard day of school, and being welcomed by a warm, big ass smile. :happy:
Had a relationship with an ENFP, didn't work out too well.  I feel like I wasn't spontaneous enough for her.  I saw her as not grounded enough.  There's definitely an attraction since we are so...
That although our feelings may not manifest externally, we feel and care so much, maybe even more than anybody else.
I get depressed if I don't get a dose of Fe from people.  The world is so cold, thank God for ENFJs.
I love ENFJs...  According to the socionics theory, ISTJ and ENFJ are supposed to be the best match.    Their general interaction:  The ENFJ is in doubt, but the ISTJ reassures him with his...
To me, they seem very quiet, peaceful, and mysterious at a glance.  After getting to know them, they come across to me as deep thinking visionaries who see things from a long term perspective.  They...
I don't think it has anything to do with the INFPs feelings toward you.  I have a INFP brother and he tends to- not pick up his phone, respond to facebook invitations, or answer any kind of thing...
I think its important to differentiate between type and personality.   Type is how we process and perceive information, and that is just one of the many components that make up our personality.   ...'"


5674: 'Your parents love you. No matter how old you are they are always going to do this. In regards to them calling and texting you, ignore the call/text. When work is over and they ask, tell them bluntly...
I played a game for the holidays, Cards Against Humanity; this is a great game! I usually don't play games with others however; this is fun. I also like cooking pie for Christmas and Thanksgiving,...
Wow, I started to think you were my daughter for a moment; she is an ISTJ My mother is ISTJ and my dad is ISTJ, one of my daughters is ISFJ and I do have another daughter who may be ISTJ. I believe...
I have been sitting here for quite some time trying to think, WTF are you talking about? Are you high or drunk? Now I will need to answer with the same quote BloxezCola shared, What in the world?
This guy digs you! I'm not a guy but if I went out of my way to talk to you, let you choose what you wanted to do when going out, is scared when you are angry, opens up about his family; these are...
I don't know how good I am at hiding my emotions. I don't think it matters if I'm happy or sad though; people are always asking me what's wrong. I don't try to control my feelings its natural....
Liz and him were together for 9 years you state; that is a large portion of his life. Do you expect him to just cut her off? My ex husband cheated on me. I have no hard feelings however; I would...
I was just thinking the same thing
I was just thinking the same thing
I usually don't give out my phone number to anyone unless they are important either thinking about it. So the people texting me are usually important. I do try to text back in a timely manner...
What makes you think they thought you overheard? Do you really believe it was that important of a conversation they would let you overhear? Why would you think you should be afraid of them? Are...
One of my daughters is an ISFJ and so is one of my co-workers. I get along with them great! We value much of the same things. My co-worker is very much like me and its awesome! One thing that is hard...
I have a huge issue expressing feelings. I agree with Sweetish and the Princess Bride scene; it is in our actions
Situations like this make me uncomfortable! I would most likely walk away or change the subject. I'm not interested in what is going on with other people
My daughter my mom and my dad are ISTJ
Your not serious are you?
He is interested in you.  Personally, I will not text anyone back quickly unless they are important to me.  Music is one way I express myself, listen to the lyrics of the music shared.  I also do...
When I show my feelings to others
This is the most well written article written article I have ever seen on ISTJ's.   In regards to being compatible with ISFP's, it is going to depend on the ISTJ. I get along very well with ISFP's....
I'm completely oblivious when it comes to flirting; I don't understand it at all.
What makes me angry? 1) When people don't put the toilet seat down 2) When someone cleans up my work area 3) when someone decides to hang up my clothes 4) When someone opens the bathroom door...
- How would you approach yourself/other people concerning the situation?  Honestly, I cannot see myself going against my values. I would probably, hopefully die protecting them. Attempting to...
I am completely oblivious to flirting. If I think someone is flirting I usually just dismiss it; I don't like to read too much into people, at least in that area
Best, INTJ ISTJ Worst, ENFP  It is not all ENFP I have issues with. I sometimes have issues with other ISTJ and INTJ if ideas clash. If the person is emotionally healthy I usually don't have...
My daughter took the MBTI and goth both ISTJ and INTJ. I took the MBTI, got ISTJ. I can relate very well with both types though
I sometimes have the same issue. I quit smoking several years ago however; it was one day at a time. Have you attempted to write out a plan of what to do for the day. Like the Nutisystem plan you...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHzdsFiBbFc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vmb1tqYqyII
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHzdsFiBbFc  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vmb1tqYqyII
My daughter is an ISFJ and she is the sweetest person I know. I completely agree with you. The only issue I tend to have is if she gets emotional. I really don't know how to deal with it.
I won't do the online dating game; you have no idea whom you are speaking to. I'm somewhat paranoid when it comes to this. I would much rather meet someone in a small class setting. Unfortunately I...
I'm doing my homework
Big Bang Theory Dexter X Files
I love  Playing video games Reading Researching  Profiling Studying the Bible
Here, this is probably a very accurate demonstration why there is so much filth  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4Uzxw4NX8w
There is a reason people don't want to use the middle stall, hence, there filthy. But, lets say right handed people like to use the right stall and left handed people like to use the left. People in...
I have went about a week. For some reason my body is tired but my mind doesn't seem to care.  Altril and hard liquor seem to work well.
You have symptoms of clinical depression and should go seek help
Liberals tend to like to live in lala land and see things for the way things can be. Unfortunately, most of their logic makes no sense. Take a look at the $15.00 minimum wage for wage equality. In...
Nope, my most dominant trait is introversion. As soon as I walk into a public place I find the only place where I can be alone. I have tried to do be more social however; this causes me severe...
BA Deaf studies MA Professional Counseling  I wanted to go into law but ran into issues. I do like what I do though
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4Uzxw4NX8w&feature=share
Christian and Country, I can connect with it
About 4 years ago. I had an allergic reaction to an antidepressant. My Dr. had to give me injections of Prednisone for several months. While coming down I cried my eyes out
Women who cry about dumb things Working with people Trying to make sense out of liberal logic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTcThVJhDuM
Weird Al Yankovic - You Don't Love Me Anymore  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWD5gdpt4Dw
https://youtu.be/kWD5gdpt4Dw  Weird Al Yankovic - You Don't Love Me Anymore
I cannot stand being around Ne types. They have bizarre logic that does not make sense, like liberals
I was married to an ENFP, he drove me absolutely crazy! He made no sense at all.'"


5677: 'RANT: I'm hating being a night person right now. I've been putting up with people's crap at work for the past month in expectation of the lull after Christmas, and now that the initial hell is over,...
I may complain, but the truth is that I love it. It's a challenge, but one that I can solve. All I need is the time and patience.
Perhaps, but my version costs me nothing and gets me up and running quicker since I don't have to wait on anyone else, or on a package to be delivered.
RANT (HEAVY TECH TALK AHEAD): So, my computer had been acting up for quite some time, and I kept barely managing the issues, but today, I got the BSOD twice. I was so pissed. I realized that my C...
You know you're a judger when, in typing up your To-Do list for the next few days, you start off by typing tasks down as they come to mind, and then you spend time sub-dividing them into category,...
I recently moved in with one of my cousins and one of her friends, who, if memory serves me right, is an INFP. Around 80% of the time, things are good, and all three of us get along, but with my...
RAVE: I get to go back to Kearney next weekend for two friends' wedding. (They're marrying each other, not two separate unique weddings.) This means that I'll get a chance to hang out with a lot of...
RAVE: My inbox has 0 messages in it. Now all I have to do is go through my individual folders, develop a hierarchy, delete useless emails, and not ever let my inbox get that way again.  Now excuse...
I use Gmail, so space isn't a problem, and this has all accumulated from almost 5-6 years. Most is archived (in folders) but my inbox is where I left the large bulk that I didn't have folders for,...
Sorry I haven't been on much. I moved about two hours away from home about three months ago, and I've been trying to use this move as a catalyst to eliminate a lot of clutter from my life. I've been...
RAVE: I found out today that not only is one of my best friends just a cool, fun guy to be around, but apparently he's also my Third Cousin. We're family! That is awesome!
Women, forgive me for this post or else don't read it, but:  You know you're a male thinker when your female roommate comes home, calls an apartment meeting, and then proceeds to get emotional over...
RAVE: Put in an application at two different places on Wednesday. The one I most wanted called back yesterday, and I checked back today, and I have a phone interview Tuesday morning.  RANT: I'm not...
I was talking with my cousin/roommate who's dealing with a pretty bad breakup about my one failed attempt at dating, and I explained the situation by comparing different people to shot glasses and...
I just moved to a new town. Apart from work and shopping for necessities, I have yet to do anything away from the apartment. Tomorrow is going to be my first non-work, non-shopping eventful day and...
You can tell what type of day I'm having by simply saying Good Morning or Good Afternoon to me. If I'm having a good day, I'll say the same thing in return. If my day's been mediocre to just shy...
Umm... How would it rate on the price per item scale to get an individual one and a two pack? That sounds like a viable option to me.
I don't know if I mentioned it or not, but my cousin who lives in Lincoln has been looking into getting an apartment.  Recently, one finally opened up, and I'm going to be the third roommate. I'm...
When you're looking very seriously at moving about 2 hours away from your current resident hell living space, and you decide you're not going to tell anyone about it until you have more details, and...
I'm not terribly concerned with the phishing thing, it was more of a combination of the stress of all of that being thrown at me at once, and kicking myself for making a mistake that I'm far too...
RANT:  So today didn't start off bad... not by a long shot, but on the last two hour stretch of my shift, they started to really f*** with me. (Excuse my censored french, but right now, I'm pretty...
Lucky: The idea had potential. The movie didn't. Scream 3: Trying to decide if one of my stories is a little too close to it. It's not.
When you're having issues with your internet not connecting, so you: 1: Disconnect from your network on your computer and then reconnect 2: Restart your computer. 3: Uninstall your wireless...
I'm willing to play from time to time. How do you all coordinate playing times?
That was exactly what I meant. I've been on this site for a while now, but I still can't remember any references to this type of stuff. (Then again, I haven't really ventured into the enneagram side...
And where do you get this info from exactly?
Breaking Dawn: Part 1 -- Overhyped, cliched, and formulaic. (It's twilight, I didn't expect much.) A Clockwork Orange -- Odd. So very odd.
Cheyenne. That's where my brother lives.
RAVE (I think): Well, I more or less decided today that I'm going to move out to Wyoming and live with my brother. I'm scared, and I have a lot to do in order to get it all done in time, but I'm...
I think most places strive for quantity over quality. Bags that wouldn't rip as easily would require thicker plastic, and reinforced seams and handles. This means that for the size of box that...
A couple of days ago at work, I was just going along, kind of zoned out, and a customer said, Thanks for double-bagging these.  I looked up and saw the bag she was holding, and honestly, I could...
Yep... I'm glad I'm a guy. I go in, tell them to do what they want with it, pay the bill and leave. If they start a conversation, I respond to the questions with the bare minimum, but don't dig...
When on the day of your first child's birth, a friend of yours gives you a Baby Sign Language Kit as a gift, and you say something to the effect of We were already planning on teaching him to be...
I'm a sensor and I find the concept of stuff like that repugnant. I may be the exception here, but I think that might be more of Feeler thing.
When I talk to some of my friends, I have been told that I intimidate them because they just know that I'm smarter than they are, and I think, well, If I was always hanging out with people, I...
when someone who has been where you work longer than you has to ask you questions when she has one.
Whenever I call my mom, she always ends it with I love you, before we hang up. I hate it because I'm stuck with three options: I love you, too, Thanks, or Yep, bye. Two out of the three...
People like me at work because of this. People hate me at work because of this. It's a vicious circle.
Just to be clear... I was being SARCASTIC. Sorry for any confusion.
I just did a 13 hour shift today, and will probably follow it up with a 10.5 hour shift tomorrow that starts at 9:30 a.m., and I'm online, when I should be in bed. I'm pretty sure there's a thin line...
When you work 13.5 hours in one day just to get the overtime, and then decide you may do it again the next day. Pssh... Sleep? Sleep is for wimps. ;-)
When your cousin asks you how your birthday was, and you respond with: Sub-par to approximately average.
When a feeler buddy asks you to proofread two papers he's writing for a class, and in one, he is talking about objective truth and objective morality, but using subjective statements to prove his...
Let's use the Seinfeld idea and create an excuse rolladex!
When you're willing to wig out on a imaginary drum set, head bang, and just generally have a great time when a song you love comes on... and no one else is around to see.
When around a group of extroverts, if one starts being loud, and seeking attention, you slowly inch away until you're no longer around them.
When you talk about your brain like it's a computer. (It's shutting down. It's multitasking. It's running a bit slow today. You wish you could force close some background processes, etc.) And if this...
RANT (At Myself): Due to the Thanksgiving weekend and Black Friday, I'm running so low on sleep, that today at work, I was on autopilot. My brain checked out about the same time I clocked in....
I did a search, and I couldn't find one of these threads, (which I think is odd.)  So...  You know you're an extrovert when you go to Walmart on Black Friday, and stand in line for almost one...
Man, it feels like you're following me. (Although I do like reality TV such as Last comic standing and America's got Talent, which technically could be classified as talent search shows, not reality,...'"


5701: 'Rave: I successfully negotiated for a higher hourly rate! The job I'm applying for wanted to pay me at the bottom end of their pay scale. I asked for something on the higher end, citing my years of...
Holy necro-post, Batman! 5 years, that's a doozy.
I'm finally moving. For those who don't know, MBTI Enthusiast and I have been in a long-distance relationship (LDR) for 4.5 years now. I leave this weekend, possibly as early as Friday. I'm driving...
Yep, gotta stick to what to you know. :wink:
Zeth? I thought you retired.
I'm not sure that cognitive functions are skills that can be acquired so much as natural inclinations and abilities. I have inferior Ne, and no matter how much effort I sink into it, it'll never...
I like science fiction, especially hard sci-fi. If I can read it without having to go to Wikipedia to read about a concept or phenomenon, it's not hard enough. Within sci-fi, I enjoy cyberpunk and...
No, I don't like traveling. It just feels so draining, not to mention the expense. I like living in my controlled environment, where I speak the language, understand the culture, and know how to...
I enjoyed working a night shift due to having less people around and a generally slower pace, but my sleep was often disrupted during the day for any number of inane reasons. I have trouble...
Sounds like he/she is in an Assistant to the regional manager situation.
Yep. It'd be nice if it was contained in a single topic or forum like every other subject is.  I can hear them now: Are you afraid of being confronted with THE TRUTH?!
Sunn All I was doing was pointing out the irony that you see the world as catering to Perceivers, while they see the world as catering to Judgers. That's all.
And yet, the Perceivers you speak off often see this site as an escape from a Judger-run world that tries to control and limit them :wink:
Sometimes I look across the gulf of subforums in PerC (Current Events, Debate, etc.) and I'm tempted to dive in and begin battling the loony ideas of the culturally-marxist, JudeoChristian-hating,...
I think my ideal partner would be a Type 9 ISTJ who's intelligent, sharp, and hardworking, but also humble, kind, and playful. Oh, and she has to be good-looking too.  @MBTI Enthusiast :wink:
I'm still figuring it out.
Pro tip: virtually anything that's popular with college-aged kids is either a fad or based on an assumption/falsehood. The flavor of the day now is this bizarre fantasy-world where thousands of years...
That's not at all what I meant. Far from being detached and aloof, we spent every minute we could together; there was instant attraction. What I meant was that it took time to see if it was long-term...
It took me a little while to realize that she was the one. Of course there was that instant, initial attraction, but it took some time to see if there was more than that.
Saw this today:   https://scontent-iad3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xaf1/v/t1.0-9/s720x720/12191943_2501348003253769_1649268206279410512_n.jpg?oh=03c16ce0c68ca79226a868ac917a94ff&oe=56F969D0  I love...
I remembered that we have this new thing called DVR, so I was able to catch the episode tonight. Great job, DaisyChain! I thought it was a bit weird that the guy knew a line from Wicked.
Crap, I missed it too. The evening got away from me. I gather that you did well, so I'll try to catch it tomorrow night!  DaisyChain
Are we talking friendship or romantic relationship? INTJ are our MBTI cousins, in my opinion. I get along with them for the most part. I don't see why a relationship shouldn't be possible.    It...
Sounds awesome! I'll have to mark my calendar.
I consider myself to be well-aware of my surroundings, especially around other people. I attribute it to my Type Six mentality, constantly looking for and anticipating trouble. I do zone out if my...
Yikes, the necro. This thread is just a few weeks away from being five years old.
I read a lot of hard sci-fi. I have some books from other genres, but Sci-Fi is the only one that's consistently interesting for me. I have a very difficult time with older books, especially if...
Just finished the last story in Engineering Infinity (sci-fi anthology). I was a bit disappointed with how it turned out. As with most anthologies, some stories were great, some were meh, and some...
Good to hear. Did you happen to save your results somehow? If so, are you comfortable posting that here? Sometimes your true type is in the top three, and seeing the full results can paint a more...
ISTJs tend to stick to what's known and aren't quick to embrace change or new things. We're much more likely to simply reinforce preexisting structures, whether they're social norms, family...
kathi, it sounds to me like you are an ISTJ. You may want to look into some of the Enneagram material available on this site. Enneagram focuses more on motivations, fears, and desires than thinking...
Fixed that for you.
Yeah, I'd like to add: don't necro threads. Make a new one or post in the relationships thread.
It hasn't really sunk in yet. I've already boxed up most of my old gear. The whole thing was very anticlimactic :wink:.
I need a better idea of the timeline here to give a better answer, but if you've been seeing each other for a few months, I think by that point you'll know if it'll work or not. MBTI Enthusiast and I...
Rave: I have about one week left in the military. Hard to believe it's been six years already. I worry how I'm going to fit into a civilian population that does not share my values on social,...
This whole site has a heavy anti-SJ bias. My opinion on why that is: a large portion of PerC's population is young and sees SJs as the authority figures in their lives: parents, cops, teachers,...
I'm 6w5. I'm the second eldest of five children (yes, five). I'm also the eldest male son.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcC00LLJygw  Best comment, IMO:  i think i can override the master boot record hard disk mainframe with a 0-day legacy data firmware bypass. that way, we can...
D'oh! I must've proofread it 4 times and I still missed one.
You're right, I just feel like I'm tacitly accepting a problem if I walk past it and don't do anything to correct it.   Maybe I'm just turning into an old man who thinks the music is crap and that...
An ethical dilemma:  As I'm walking from my car to my apartment, a boy (approx 10-12 years old) was walking by with a smartphone in his hand. It was playing what any reasonable person would...
I am absolutely anti-marijuana. I've worked with people that use it and I've been to countries that have low standards (legal and social) when it comes to drug use. I don't want to be around any of...
I've been meaning to start on Asimov's works for a while now. I've only read I, Robot. I wanted to start the Foundation series, but it's surprising hard to find a complete collection (and it's not...
A brief rundown:  History/Social Sciences: Aced them. Nothing's easier than memorizing things that already happened.  Math- I wasn't very good at math, but I blame that on poor...
Introverted (I) 82%  Extraverted (E) 18%    Sensing (S) 91%  Intuitive (N) 9%    Thinking (T) 80%  Feeling (F) 20%
Joke's on them, I'm quitting in less than 10 months :wink:
Rave: Finally have a weekend off!  Rant: The harder I work, the more work is given to me :dry: Not in a toot-my-own-horn way, just in a reality of modern management kinda way.
More double-posting. Please don't repeat a post unless you have new information or insights to give.
Knowing my luck, it'll probably be an INTP 4w5 and an ENFP 7w8 or something like that :wink:'"


5716: 'Stuff that I'm all pretty good at.... What are the S subjects supposed to be? Art? I have the eye for art. Not so much the hand. That's why I like design.
I love Ravenclaw, but it'd be totally awesome if I were a Slytherin. I wish I had that sort of ambition!
Arg... Ravenclaw does not mean intelligent. You can be plenty intelligent and not be Ravenclaw, or be a little dull and be a Ravenclaw. Ravenclaw is about curiosity, it's about yearning to grow your...
I just saw some thread on another forum about introversion and extroversion and I just wanted to start getting deep into personality theory, which is when I realized I missed this place. Hiatus over!...
Names with Ls in them are great! My favorite site for names is Behind the Name. The people there are actually interested in the history and raw aesthetic beauty of names instead of just What should...
You still sound totally ISXJ to me, for the same reasons I stated in your last thread. I'm leaning towards ISFJ.
I guess I should go back into my narrow-minded hole. :blushed:  (That said, the makes everything sound meaningful bit does ring more like an intuitive than a sensor. And not being able to stick...
No, but Twilight seems to trust it to be so.
Aww, that sucks! I haven't had anywhere near the kind of experiences you have, though I am familiar with the concept of social isolation. I solved it by seeking people out instead of waiting for...
I thought that you did mental contingency planning for them from how you said I like to consider every possibility. I believe that nothing is ever certain, and that anything is possible. Guess I...
This sounds like its backed up with too much rationale to be a sign of Ne. Perception, or as Jung refers to them, Irrational functions focus more on the understanding and intensity of their...
TL:DR: You are definitely some sort of Thinking dominant. Also, I am terrible at describing judging dominant types.    Before you try to find your type, choose which theory you are trying to find...
Threes chase a sort of self image. Ones chase an ideal, and make themselves conform to it.
I think Type 6s are more of a negative future-focused type. Fear of the unknown and all that.
Actually, I read somewhere that science has shown that people actually like it more when you make them do stuff for you (and lavish heavy praise on them) than when you do stuff for them. Nobody likes...
For me, it's a disorder where the brain focuses in ??? when you're trying to concentrate on something that does interest you. It's like the raw focusing ability is still there but it's scattered to...
I love seeing all of the White Christmas cards, living in a desert where it almost never dips below 60 degrees Fahrenheit in the winter.  :laughing:  More seriously, I am only in my teens but I...
OMG, I love that site! Truly the internet's best source of comedy.
Salamander  (no points for guessing mine)
ISFJ: Perception dominant introvert ESFJ: Judging dominant extrovert  A LOT. ISFJs are far more similar to ISTJs than they are to ESFJs, and the ESFJs resemble much more closely ENFJs than ISFJs....
What's not great about it? It's pretty rare to be bothered by your dominant function; if you didn't like the way that it conceived things, it wouldn't be your dominant. You don't tend to notice flaws...
Throwing a big Everybody come to Owfin's house and give her money party?
Very rarely. I think it's rude and inviting prejudice to go ahead and assume what people are thinking.
Yeah, I definitely feel great compassion and sympathy when I see someone cry, but I don't know what to say. My usual outside expression in these instances is discomfort, which might come across to...
I do ballet, but as for dancing spontaneously... not with anybody else. Occasionally I dance about the house to no particular music, but most of it is just doing fun moves like rond de jambes (taking...
I'd be wary of describing MBTI dichotomies as the wrong way of going about things. It's simply a different theory, and in the original form, a fairly serious one with depth.  To the OP, it's not...
Optimist! I waver between a cynical optimist and a idealistic optimist, though.
It'd be hard to determine. We haven't really gotten into the nitty-gritty of her psychology like we have with some other characters.
http://owfin.smugmug.com/photos/i-wTsSXTM/0/S/i-wTsSXTM-S.png                                         http://owfin.smugmug.com/photos/i-4ptZQk7/0/S/i-4ptZQk7-S.png
Well only MY vote counts. It doesn't matter what any of you other people think!
You may think that you can do without anybody, but it is a very rare person who can live the hermit life. There is a reason why solitary confinement is such a horrifying punishment.  That said, I'd...
Oh hell no. Every day I ask myself Am I being a good person?, Am I on the right track in life?, Am I a good friend?. I can be deeply paralyzed by overthinking, and that is a trait I think is...
Funny thing is that I have Ne inferior, but my writing is full of adjective clauses (which to me come across as somewhat parenthetical--there I go again!), digressions, qualifiers, adverbs, and...
I'm normal in that I can point out lots of personality quirks that make me appear to be not normal. :proud:
Wow, I'm the only ISTJ to vote How a detective gets along in the social dynamic is more interesting? Then again, it's more because mystery is one of my absolute least favorite genres, so elements...
Yeah, my sister, who tried Ritalin for a bit, found that it made her a zombie. My family takes Concerta, which has been very effective. I'm still me, just pissing myself off less with my failure to...
Actual ADD is caused by a chemical imbalance. Thus these drugs do not make you high with ADD, but put you back in chemical balance. Unfortunate that you had to have such a bad experience with them.
A new PMV I made. It's Meet The Pyro, except starring everypony's favorite pink-maned pegasus Fluttershy! Also contains show dialog and such.  ...
If you don't follow through on those ideas me and all my friends are gonna hate on you!
Why do you think that? :tongue:  But seriously, I annoy my intuitive dad with my relentless, endless streams of questions that won't stop until we get to why are the fundamental constants of the...
I personally think that Spike is an ENFP, which is probably another one of those theories (like my Fluttershy-is-an-extrovert one) that nobody else will agree with me on. Just think of it less like...
I've seen a lot of NFs talking about their XSTJ children, actually. Maybe you're looking in the wrong place.
Yes, I've never understood why so many American churches are the ugliest, least inspirational buildings imaginable. Like, those beautiful stone cathedrals with stained glass? Those must make you feel...
Great job impersonating those INFJs. I mean, the way that you systematically list off your impressions instead of actually working to gimmick the organizational style of INFJs? Very accurate. Of your...
Really? I'm all over the NF forums.
Sounds like a bunch of bullshit to get through just to fix a stupid comment system.
You are trying to mask your own insecurity by insisting on your own confidence. I see you, your poor troubled past, unloved by your family. Here, let me give you a hug. *hug*
Well, I guess I fall under that category...    Oh, that too...    DAMMIT.
EVERYBODY HUGS AT MY PLACE u200ba
Every. Freaking. One?'"


5718: Playing Devil Survivor 2: Record Breaker, which is really good but I think I'm possibly underlevelled even though I've been doing all the optional battles, which is confusing.
Managed to get a cool action shot.  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DJXcT4mWAAAeQzi.jpg
I mostly eat rice noodles, veg and tofu for dinner, so I went for East Asian (I also enjoyed the food I had in Japan).
sp/sx
It doesn't affect how I view them, although it makes it difficult to stand next to them if they happen to be smoking.
Not much to go on, but the name gives a vague LII vibe to me for some reason.
I did a quick google search which came up with this page that's full of free resources (there were a lot of other results, this is just one of those). Sites like Youtube are good for pronunciation...
I felt really exhausted earlier after taking a strong antihistamine, but had a nap and feel a bit better. Now just to get my brain back in focus-mode.
I do like nail art on other people - I wouldn't do it on myself because 1. I bite my nails, and 2. I'm clumsy and would chip any nail varnish as soon as it was put on (which would make me worry about...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9v9OtinHt68&list=RDEMEPMW0VGtXoEw5Qz4Yw6bhw&index=2
I prefer people to just respond with how they genuinely feel, so if they're naturally grumpy then that's okay, but if they're putting on an act of being grumpy to make a point or something, I find...
Rewatched Mad Max: Fury Road (my mum wanted to see it) and it was just as great as the first watch :) Such a good film.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHF43aE4yog
sylvirfoxx I think an issue with harshness on the eyes can be solved by using a program like f.lux which reduces the blue light from your screen and so makes it easier on your eyes. As for writing...
Tentatively reviving this as I had SEI suggested for me as a type and was interested in more input. Lord Fenix Wulfheart you suggested SEI before, right?
EII-Fi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9v9OtinHt68&list=RDEMEPMW0VGtXoEw5Qz4Yw6bhw&index=2
Eii
IEE-Ne?
Usually very odd, vivid dreams that are almost like short films. An example would be a dream from the other night where there was a man absorbing people's shadows as he walked along the road at...
Eie
blingyeol  I think it would be best to clearly communicate how you feel to him, so when he says something which makes you feel guilty or something, let him know in a very clear way i.e. 'when you...
My avatar is official art from the pokemon video game team :tongue: But yeah, there was an anime and manga module in second year, but that was it. Everything else was history, culture and language....
ã„ã„ãˆã€é•ã„ã¾ã™ã‚ˆã€‚å®Ÿã¯ã€ã‚ã¾ã‚Šã«ã‚¢ãƒ‹ãƒ¡ã‚’è¦‹ã‚‹ã“ã¨ã—ã¾ã›ã‚“ã§ã—ãŸã€‚
I posted some guesses in the anime/manga thread.
I just noticed this problem with my account too - PMs down from 477 to 469 and post count down from 9,915 to 9,880.
jagsfan05  I think one of the main parts is this:  So Jung's idea of Si is that it takes a subjective sensation from the object, so rather than, say, a snowglobe feeling cold, hard, smooth, heavy...
enfp
jagsfan05  Here's an extract on Si by Jung - what do you think of it in relation to you?   The rest can be found on this page (I recommend Ctrl+F searching).
Fi
Worrying about friends living in Florida :sad:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HbnqjGirFg&t=2593s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVHjQhBhl-k
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVHjQhBhl-k
Last film watched: Arrival  Last film rewatched: Aliens
These two are some of my all-time favourites.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lX44CAz-JhU   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnXCzFnkxtY
Atelier Rorona is one of the only games I haven't finished because of the time constraints mixed with needing to level multiple skills (I ended up stuck in an area I needed higher combat levels for...
so/sp
sp/so
The people running my course at university are an organisational disaster. I've had to ask three people a simple formatting question and push for a clear answer.
Eie
Undergrad was Japanese Studies, Postgrad is Comparative Literatures and Cultures.
Ti
http://www.artofdanger.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/image4.jpg
Fun times in Animal Crossing  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DIvG_BMWAAAxN6q.jpg
This is beautiful.  (Skip me!)
Played more Animal Crossing: New Leaf to relax - it's soothing.
https://keithsawyer.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/jesse-prinz-doodle-face.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnXCzFnkxtY
Self-preservation:   Si:   So sp is about practical survival while Si is about the focus on how things around you affect your internal state."


5772: i love loving peope.
Dear INTP,  I hope you snap out of your mental state soon.. kinda hurts to see you like that. Cheer up. There are more things in life to worry about, don't let a few small encounters bring you down...
I have an INTP friend, and the way we think is very different (haha duh). For both of us, the thinking preference is preferred over the feeling. But -.- it feels as if it would have been easier if I...
Hey guys! I think some of you might remember me posting bout going out (as in literally. not boy girl go out) with an intp. And you guys said that he might like me and i might like him without...
Ah.. I get annoyed when ppl tweak stories/truth or exaggerate so that it sounds More interesting. In short that's lying isn't it. And I don't like it when ppl insult you just to make themselves feel...
I don't get this part about INTPs. Are INTPs naturally nice or mean. ._. Cause well they can be mean.. But they Mirror others behavior, and hope to please people? Ah confusing . And I don't get how...
Lol why do you say that?
Haha yeah..
Perhaps. (:
Haha nah.. I don't want to be in a relationship with him. I'll like him (and perhaps confirm this feeling?) then I'll see what happens a few years from now. Things do change
LOL. No evidence. Anw even if there is.. Isn't it super difficult to tell if he even likes anyone.. So I wouldn't know. But from my gut instinct! He doesn't.
Hmm.. No not really. He probably doesn't like me. So it's just one-way. The butterflies go on and off. Feelings take too much time for me to invest into.  but I'm super happy. LOL.
Think the butterflies came back...
LOL. that's kinda creepy.
I had an ESFJ friend. Really close one in fact... until He found this other friend and things just weren't the same. I guess his caring/want to make friends with everyone nature was just too...
I think this was written on another thread. How having 'feelings' for someone is different from having 'emotions'. Perhaps emotions are more tangible? Like you can feel that physical...
woah. you have no replies.
Haha i think i'll try to answer this! Even if my views are flawed. If it's not official, it could be just you having a crush on the other party. There's really no value to that as it's super...
That's a really good thread. No joke. Does my introverted feeling make me very slow to my feelings? Well I don't feel a butterfly WOOSH thing anymore. So I probably dont like him.
freakk.. I really don't know. What does it mean to like someone anyways? Such a confusing topic. Sighh.. Sorry guys.. I really didn't mean to lie. I just don't know.
-___- It's really difficult to determine romantic feelings.. isn't it, unless it's official. I thought you guys will be able to understand this better, since you guys are thinkers..
but we don't have mutual friends.. that'll be even more awkward. You guys don't believe me too.. -___-
That's actually kinda true. If it's not official we're just close friends right..
.__. I really dont know. Perhaps it hasn't registered to Me?
Nope. It means just sitting there and doing nothing. Like a stone. (:
Thats not true.. I do post on istj's forum.
I've stopped my obsession. Really think i don't like him now..
'eddie' sounds cute. LOL. Ohh.. I fantasize a lot too. Ah i guess i could have liked him before, without knowing.. Even with all those factors..
Oh i used to obsess over him. But that doesn't mean that i liked him or anyth.
So you actually feel a tangible feeling in your chest whenever you see her?
Isn't that just like any other friendship?
are you serious? Thats really news for me. I don't even know.. How do you guys know anw? The butterfly feeling? Lol
What? No! LOL! I can't solve it in 20s. Ill take at least a minute. And it's such a long time since i've played with one. Plus it's only the 3x3x3 one that i can solve. XD
Haha almost every other day. Just that we don't talk because it'll mean going out of our way and it's just too intentional.
Solving is not the difficult part. (: solving it quick is cooler. Like in 20s? (:
I thought that it's because they don't even know whether they like anyone..
Think we're gonna study together. Anw he might suddenly not want to go at the very last minute cause the scenarios played in his head are just too awkward. Haha. So maybe we won't meet up after all....
Ah i don't know. Really dislike thinking about such things.. Makes Me all confused.. Sorry..  Anw even if he does like me he'll avoid it. Self-denial should be good for both of us. (:
I'll bring some rubiks cube for him to fiddle around with. LOL. HAHAHAHAHA!
.________________. Uh.. If he does like me and i like him.. I guess we just don't know. It usually takes me 6 months after i stopped liking the person to realise it. Sometimes i don't even realise....
Oh. Nono i didn't think that it meant 'i dont care'. I understan what you've been saying. (: and im hoping that it'll be not as awkward as im imagining it to be.. We haven't even spoken in reality....
What? ._. I'm not investing too much in this emotionally.. It's just really awkward and i just wanna meet up even if it gets bad. And i'm really pretty sure we don't like each other. Last time i...
ahh maybe he's going. AGHHH! so awkward..
I asked him. He didn't reply. And he didn't say 'no' either.  I think he's dying out of fear or sth. Then he went offline. Is it that bad.. sigh.
The way he thinks is too different. probably ENTP?
What Mbti personality do think Rancho from '3 idiots' have?
That sounds nice.. Simple ppl.
Hm. If you were my intp friend. Where would you want to go?
Oh. Sounds good. Maybe i can just pull him away from his friends when he's eating. LOL JKJK! Ohh.. Good point there. I'm always thinking and thinking and telling him my thoughts. Does that cause him...
I don't like crowded places too. Anw if we were to watch a movie, what do we do before/after that. See! That's the really problem isn't It. And yeahh i think you're right. He's actually quite..."


5913: 'Your description seems to imply ISTJs come out exactly as they're raised, more so than other types or what?
ISTJ Tramadol is my go to. It's like instantaneous antidepressant, it makes everything shine.  Coke and adderall are fun, but stim comedowns make me feel empty for days.  I like alcohol but I...
I know this isn't my forum but I'm bad.   My teacher's assistant is probably ENFP. I'm sort of bothered that everything is a right answer to her.   But anyways assuming I'm even Si I guess I...
I was the quiet kid who was always asleep. I was also an under the radar attention whore. :crazy:
That shouldn't be a moon
xSTPs, especially when they're 5s or 8s.
3/10 I guess. I had a small group until junior year. Senior year 1/10  because my friends had all gone to college and I didn't talk to anyone.
Wondering how highly concentrated tea would taste like only I'm no longer thinking about it It tastes awful
Dark Tshirts, Boot cut jeans, converse, hoodies, maybe a watch on occasion. This is pretty much all I wear. Some friends have even memorized the order I wear my tshirts in, from my favorites to...
Sound, I have to really try to listen to lyrics. That and the lyrics to my favorite songs are completely nonsensical.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sfPBpnplRQ
Reddit is overrun with Si Te doms. Just look at the top comments, they're usually informative, well written paragraphs on general facts and figures which cannot really be denied, or if not serious,...
The longer my bike stays broken the more I feel like I'm letting its body succumb to a disease I could have prevented. Seriously I do this with many of my possessions, I think it more has to do with...
ISTJ, i have no problem with it. I used to partake alot, but don't anymore due to anxiety. I'll smoke after a couple drinks, as it fends off the anxiety and increases the focus. Otherwise I'm shaking...
I have a similar dilemma, which may get even worse as my entry into the adult world continues. I don't know what my goal is, or what I want, and only focus on practical desires like going on a road...
Yolo
My closer friends tolerate it, but I can come off as an asshole to new people for several reasons. -My face is always set to tense; squinted eyelids, pursed lips -goofing around is impossible with...
I once wore green pants in public. Regret consumed me for weeks.
Eels- Blinking Lights and other revelations Bibio- Silver Wilkinson Kanye West- My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy Deadmau5- Random Album Title  I even have their CD versions:kitteh:
Mom's ISFJ, Dad's ESTJ, Sister's ISFJ, littler sister's an ESTJ, and I think I'm ISTJ. I'm not very close with any of them for reasons. I'm(regretfully) hateful towards my dad over a number of issues...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MTbYve31BA
ISTJ. I should be heading off to college in the fall, and am currently working retail to save up for, i dunno, something I might want or need in the future. My dream job is to conduct freight trains.
Every time I cheat I like to tell myself I'm being completely true to myself and the world, that I'm simply doing what it takes to come out ahead and that understanding material is a completely...
The only reason I ever delve into deeper friendships with people is because I will follow their conversations. I really don't like to be the one to force someone else into my own thoughts. I've found...
ISTJ, my mental imagery isn't the best, so I'm comfiest around my nonfiction, especially biographies. My sense of wonder is much better served by nature or movies.
The big difference is where you get your information from. I don't fully understand Ni, but a good comparison of the two is that Si relies on tangible past experiences which can include a hunch...
1) What is your MBTI type?  ISTJ  2) What is your gender?  Male  3) What type(s) do you admire/respect the most? (Why?)
Si is a pretty simple function. I'm partially stealing this from another post and putting some of my own input into it, but Si is like a memory bank. You can usually pick and choose what you want to...
Imagine if our name was something cooler like the bookkeepers. The only part of me i see in the name is that I really do like to get things done, and not even immediately, just eventually. But...
ATM I'm watching/following:  Breaking Bad Wolf's Rain Undergrads Game of Thrones Adventure Time Wakfu Parks and Recreation Clone High
Completely overly saturated emotional movie/tv scenes such as the ending of les miserables and the death of the policeman's partner in End of Watch. Both really overdid the scenes, but my emotions...
Skimmed this, but I definitely got more of an Fi Te from it than an Fe Ti. Mostly from your stoic behavior you describe in the event of betrayal and the strong link between feeling and past memories....
Rant: Is it normal to suddenly begin closing myself up and tell no one anything about myself? I used to be so open and barely gave any thought to sharing pieces of myself with others, which would...
I can't describe how bad the burnout is. Any sentence I read about anything doesn't yield a thing in my mind. I'm barely aware if the grammar is even correct writing this out...  But seriously, how...
I didn't even know I did this up until around a year ago. Thinking back, all I can think is, Wow, I really looked like a dick....   I don't mean to do it! My friends have told me I appear to get...
Don't take any of my word on this, it's just thoughts. How old are you? Because I go through these same feelings. I really wish I was more adaptable, better with people, more in touch with my...
I've got several, music has never really brought tears(only movies can occasionally do it), but they can really get the feels running.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvvBuubAxF0  ...
0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
Type: ISTJ  Most Attracted to: ISTP, ISFJ, INFP Least Attracted to: ESTJ, ESTP, INFJ
Just the unknown in general. Covering every topic from death to what may be present while I sleep.
Coffee man, I typed this thing just thinking to make a casual opinion. Looked back 15 min later and was baffled at how much I typed. I can barely remember half my reasonings as I was more focused on...
81391
Been a while, but I guess I should finally list mine.  Twilight- ISTJ without a doubt, her inferior Ne shines. Very smart one though. Don't know why she isn't the element of Loyalty. Applejack-...
I have this organized chaos thing going on. You may call it a mess, but I consider finding my phone in under 5 minutes an organized system.
I didn't have to, society already took care of it for me and gave it the reviews it deserved. And ISTP, you're probably just never going to experience this sanctity I have accomplished, with you and...
I'm simply trying to make myself satisfied. How hard is that for her to understand? But I forgot, INTPs nitpick because they claim to have this divine trait to do so, even when it doesn't affect...
Science is simply another learning requirement I've been given in life. What's not to understand about that? Oh, I forgot, science is another one of those things you claim you discover, while the...
Why would an ISTP be in an elevator? Closed spaces simply make you have panic attacks about how much is going on behind the scenes that you should be told or warned about.
Here's how this race works INTP. By the time I have finished and accomplished every goal I have set out for myself in life, you're still going to be admiring the complexities of that slab of dirt you...
Stop telling yourself you're that one special puzzle piece that doesn't fit ISTP. Society has chosen the perfect sector for you to work in, and you just can't accept its perfection.
Stop forgetting yours'"


5932: 'It's about that time where I'm going to start repeating myself to you, and I have neither the patience or care to put myself through that.  Scribbling on a piece of paper has nothing to do with...
I only know one ENTJ, but we get along pretty well. The exception is when they shadow function to an ISFP. Then they become pretty annoying.
I already told you you were right (albeit, sarcastically and condescendingly) and said two times now that I'm oppressing F types feelings (albeit, sarcastically and condescendingly).  Since that...
Oh no. How dare we force you to do actual research and gain some actual knowledge on a subject. You must be so oppressed.  But no. No one is forcing you to bookmark anything, or explain anything to...
Subjectivity is fine if it can support itself to the end argument. Just because I don't feel obligated to accept your argument as well thought-out and valid because it's mostly if not all subjective...
No, though? It really isn't the same at all, regardless of what *you* feel is legit.  I... wasn't psychoanalyzing you at all?? I was pointing out a fact. Your argument was subjective, and so is...
This is incredibly typist and I refuse to have any involvement in your discrimination.  Blocked. Reported. Uninvited to my birthday. Uninvited to my wedding.
I am an admitted ass and I fully agree. I just wanted to see what other people had to say.  However, I think your discrimination against Comic Sans earlier was unforgivable. I will have to report...
This is probably the single most offensive statement I've read in a while. Really, really bad comparison there.  Otherwise, F type men are not discriminated against for being F since society treats...
I agree. I mean, there's obviously those that truly do not fit their type. But many people tend to forget that T types can feel and that F types can think - too - outside of joking, so I can see...
Apparently. I'm honestly not sure - that's why I'm asking.   I have an idea of what it is, but it seems too stupid to be a real thing. Or at least something to get so highly upset over and to go...
If I'm honest about why I made this thread asking about typism:   Apparently a joke I made regarding NTs was deemed as typism, although neither insulting nor complimenting NTs.  My fellow NT...
Apparently typism is something you can get infracted for here on PerC. I wanted to know if other people seriously consider typism a real thing and if people get legitimately upset over jokes...
As an SJ, I neither believe in God nor am I a patriot. I also couldn't care less if you're not organized and/or not rule-abiding, so long as I am not involved. What you're asking seems to be targeted...
Some people say that T types don't have feelings (we actually don't have feelings).
You can't raise a child to be a specific way like that. That's not how life works.  Whether you try to influence it or not, the child will ultimately develop their own independent thought processes...
I mistyped as INFJ when I first took the test in 10th grade. I didn't find out I was ISTJ until August of this year when a friend read the test over to me.
I was pretty good with all subjects, if I'm honest. It was incredibly rare for me to get a C - especially as an overall grade. However, I somehow had struggles with science consistently throughout...
When I exhibit more P habits and ideas as opposed to J habits and ideas. Also when I become increasingly extroverted when it comes to friends.  The only things separating me from being ISTP is the...
When you're apparently monotone even when you're trying not to be...
You can't raise a baby to become a certain way especially considering they're not even your baby and will ultimately develop an independent thought process just like any other human being. I'm sure...
NT types are definitely the most overrated. There have been too many times where I have seen mistyped NTs - the majority of them actually being NFs.  A lot of the stigma seems to stem from the...
u havn a giggl ther m8
1: What's your MBTI Type?  istj  2: What's your Gender?  vagina  3: Are you the eldest child, middle child, or youngest child?
My dad is INTJ and my mom is ESFJ, too. My aunt (dad's sister) is ISFx. I have a 15 year old brother but I have no idea and can't be bothered.
about how much of a fool my composition prof is. nothing specific, just in general.
hey now .png
we're practically the same person
perhaps :kitteh:
www(.)flickr(.)com/photos/alexan...re-2014-12-06/  WHY YA TITY DRAWN?'"


5940: 'Romance is great. Romance isn't great when it's coming from someone I don't know very well or is always in my face. Then it becomes pressure to feel things and constantly be moved when I just don't...
Tzara I was born for this. I've got judging in my type!
*classmates are going home to review*  *remembers everything because Pokemon was training for categorical information*  *sits back and fiddles with videogames; might look again before next class...
To be fair, making animal noises at people who are working is a lot of fun.
Remember you guys, intuitives cannot misunderstand other intuitives or be stupid. It's a scientific fact.
A lot of the useful things I know I picked up while just wandering the Internet  I am Googlebot incarnate  brrrbpppwhrrr  < - - - not posting about animals
Yes. If you join in when your friends pick on people, you contribute to an atmosphere where picking on people is okay and your own feelings will quite possibly be treated the same way.  You're only...
Go do it. Get your closure at least, instead of agonizing over the what ifs. Put your Ne to work being charming about video games or something instead.
It was smaller than a fingernail and made almost entirely out of skinny little legs.
It would help to know in what way, because chances are you're over-applying a stereotype.  By the way...  *wipes some Si on you like a booger*
Sometimes I walk past the window in the nude after a shower, in the morning, etc, and I don't care if someone sees. It's just a body, we've all got one.
I am really glad there was no one here to hear me coo over the tiny house centipede and call it a wittle babypede.  I need a bunny or something.    I thought it was about gauging social...
Did Fe pull your pigtails as a child or something?
Dear PerC staff,  Please ban all can ISTJs smart or creative lulz threads from the forum. We'll have so much more space without our weekly quota.  Thanks.
I'd either be writing or tutoring elementary school kids in math.
Someone is smoking pot in the vicinity of my window. Sometimes I wonder, are people careless or do they not care? Between these people and half the bus station...  It's been about 15 minutes now,...
Let me check... 9 pieces of fiction in various stages of writing, revising, and editing. Not counting my notes for what I haven't even started to work on. There's usually at least a handful, largely...
I'm not entirely sure why we have Google Translate when half its responses to legitimate words in a common language are dicks or I don't know.
Skyrim!  SJ: What would you suggest I do? NT: Take it slowly, maybe set difficulty to Apprentice. SJ: Fuck slowly. I want to show dragons my bright red asscheeks.  YEAH.  YEAAAAAAAH.
You are my German Urban Dictionary.
RLOEI.  Doesn't describe me well, though, because this test's idea of the accommodation factor is pretty much, Are you a little bitch who defines themselves by being subservient to the whims of...
Have you ever wanted to make love to an album? Like the actual music itself.  Aaaagggggh I want it all over my body
I was initially, but I also came at the crossroads between caring and not caring about this person. A lot of it was also me working out my thoughts and hoping for something potentially not obnoxious...
That's possible, but the end result is the same.    We have talked about it... twice. I tried again just now, but we made it a whole 5 minutes before it turned into an argument and I told him to...
Maybe. I know he does expect that from people. It's hard to be compassionate about the insecurities of someone who makes comments like that, though. I didn't mind the cynicism, but if my feelings are...
I'm upset that he's going out of his way to tell me something everyone already knows about everyone. The difference is that, knowing the idea is painful, other people don't go out of their way to...
I'm really tired of the sucker punches, so I decided to ask the Internet.  Background:  ISTJ likes INTJ who wants to be left alone by everyone and is uncertain about a relationship, but rather...
I don't blame myself when they're not even trying themselves, but I often feel like I'm not offering the absolute best I could and that the end results will be impacted by that. Not their happiness,...
Write flash fiction and try to publish some. You have < 1,000 (maybe < 500) words to write a story that gets a reaction.
Probably conscientiousness. I feel terrible if I don't perform as well as expected at work because I work directly with people who are directly helped or not helped by me, When I was new I'd...
Wordplay is a lot of fun, particularly if your partner's native tongue is not the same as yours or you're comfortable enough together that you can be raunchy about it. I was threatened with being...
Over a dozen projects underway and trying to find time to finish them all. Short fiction is a favorite.
Te-buddies even compose their grocery lists the same: according to the layout of the store.  I adore this person. He stops talking and leaves at the same time every morning. I don't need to write...
Are you the one who knocked over my block castle... ? I spend weeks on that! I even made little office cubicles.
Women screaming constantly in emergency situations.  I would leave anyone who screamed in the woods for the killer to find.
Aren't most of them teenagers right about now? Has anyone posted you might just be dealing with whiny teenagers yet?  These teenagers are probably less fun, is all. When I was growing up there...
Just saying.   On a broader, less personal note, most people are only going to respond with increasing hostility to something that they feel is increasingly hostile towards them - not towards...
I don't seem to have these problems with INTJs. I like to flick inferior Ne at them like teeny, tiny little boogers of confusion.  Safeword is: There is no safeword.    Maybe you're being an...
The ISTJ forum is sometimes a lot of people baffled at how to interact with ISTJs, so it's interesting to go where there's more discussion. Sometimes all there is to say is just go fucking talk to...
When the language you're learning has more articles than you do in your closet and you insist on learning them all correctly. Even though immigrants and foreigners often use them incorrectly and are...
I don't really know about my friends sometimes. The things they say on Skype in the middle of the night...  Ne: Did [name] tell you about how we were tucking in for the night Ne: And I see my cat...
Get out of my head so I can focus on the work I need to do.
The only ones who think I'm boring aren't people I envy. Those who like to go out, get drunk, sleep around, gossip, and get involved in drama are more than welcome to leave my company and look for...
You post about this a lot.  Not many necessities beyond being at least somewhat giving, straightforward, and on a similar wavelength. One thing in particular is that they're not the type for a lot...
I punched six kids and flipped a cop car to get to Wi-Fi so I could post.
At least he's equally sexist.  ISTJ (learning German): Would you be so kind as to tell me in what way a newspaper is feminine? INTJ (native German): Because it takes effort to read it just to find...
Most of the online friends I've made say I look exactly or close to how they imagined me when we actually see each other's faces. Weird.
We like to steal words. We're like linguistic magpies.   Yeah, that's pretty much English.
I can't do it, either, but I have a fantastic still memory for actual things so those people can suck it.    Medusa Miasma Meditation has actually worked for me on the occasion that I work with my...
It's so hot in Minnesota that the mail is hot...'"


5967: 'Now let's hold on a minute here.  The four most voted types in this poll are ESTJ, ESFJ, ESFP, and ISTJ. All sensing types, three of which use Si as the dominant perceiving function. This website...
1. You discover your wonderful one-year-old child is, because of a mix up at the hospital, not yours. Would you want to exchange the child to try to correct the mistake?  no. by that point you've...
I honestly don't think I've ever read anything more accurate about myself before
Yeah ENTP was my guess too, he said he took a test in college and got that so it wasn't a recent thing, but STILL.
Guys, Hank just answered an ask on tumblr about MBTI and the person said they thought he was an ENTP and he said he's tested xNxP but felt like he was too close on introvert/extrovert and...
I'm 16 and I took tests and did research and I don't think I'm going to suddenly realize at 25 holy crap I'm not a 9 after all. Maybe my tritype will be different but core type will probably be the...
This is exactly where the problem falls. Being theoretical/intellectual/imaginative isn't always better than being grounded/practical, but honestly, if you were to ask someone is being imaginative...
I almost mistyped as a 5, so yeah I don't think I really pretended to be a 5, I just come off more as a 5 than a 9, but my motivations/behavior are definitely 9. I can be obsessive in knowledge and...
You guys I'm so obsessed with Elijah/Daniel Gillies he's so cool and beautiful and Elijah is just adorable oh how I love him. I think he's an INFJ, but more of a value driven INFJ because he does...
I love writing! I have to be in the right mood though, as I'm sure most people do, but those moods don't happen very often to be honest. I don't know, when the mood strikes I can write up a storm but...
DON'T RAIN ON MY FREAKING PARADE.  To nitpick in return, I didn't say triple withdrawn, rather just withdrawn, which doesn't even have to mean you're a withdrawn type.    It can apply to really...
I see being a social type more as understanding social norms and what is right and wrong under society's eyes, not so much socializing although social types do tend to be more social. Social types...
shameless thread promotion  Withdrawn is more of having a wall between yourself and others, typically unintentionally, that is just impossible for you to cross with random strangers or even with...
Oh no. I can feel my distaste for SJ stereotypes rising, but I'll refrain. The main reason I hate those so much is because I don't relate to them at all and I know that sometimes people see ISTJ next...
At first I was offended, but then I thought about it and realized what you said was pretty true...  I like being a 9 for certain reasons and I dislike being a 9 for certain reasons. I don't think...
I have a question for sx doms. How do you feel intensity between yourself and others? Like, what triggers it and what does the other person do that makes you feel like the intensity is gone?
Set One:  1: How old are you? 16  2: What was your favorite subject in grammar school? It was always history  3: What did you want to be when you grew up? As a young child, meteorologist,...
I daydream all the time. I practically live in my daydreams and sometimes I get a little confused on what happened vs. what I made up in my head, but I can snap out of it pretty quickly unless I'm...
Just explode? I don't know I find that it has to be around the right person and it just kind of comes out as gibberish and excessive body movements but then I calm down and I'm like LOOK AT THIS...
I don't think there's a direct correlation, but in my family it came out in a kind of stereotypical way. Oldest (me): ISTJ, middle child: ESFJ, youngest (wild child): ESFP. But my best friend's older...
yep. sorry to ruin the intuitive fun, but I've been called weird numerous times.
They look the same from the outside which is probably why they get confused so easily. not really sure of the exact differences though :P
Society freaking sucks. Seriously I could go on forever about how messed up society is but I will refrain for now. Being a triple withdrawn is a serious love hate relationship. The thing is though,...
recently discovered 954. I thought I was a 953 before but after going back and reading about 3s again with fresh eyes it just wasn't me. I kind of hate being a triple withdrawn though. It's not...
What the hell
Is it bad that I got somewhat nostalgic thinking about my response in the other nostalgia thread?  I think that answers your question :P  edit: turns out I never responded to that thread. Um. I...
haha but I'd say the same thing and I'm a duty fulfiller! whoops  I don't like that name at all actually, probably because I'm super lazy and so it doesn't reflect me at all, but I'm not all ISTJs...
uh school does not cater to ISTJs. I think I would know this. My dad is also an ISTJ and barely graduated high school. But he's a human calculator now.   Seriously though, I don't really know what...
oops I didn't know the exact difference between the two, sorry! either way, I don't like being told how to behave -.- I will be me whether that pleases you or not
dear ESFJ sister,  god please stop calling me weird and telling me how i don't know how to be normal. bitch i am the definition of normal, you're just the annoying lemme be popular and cool...
My ISTJ dad told me this morning you know, you'll be a great accountant someday.  oh god why
smells like hahaha    I think he comes off more extroverted, and someone said that he said he wasn't an introvert, but I don't know where that is so...But he doesn't seem to have inferior Fe....
I really don't know about his type, but I think he uses Fe because of the reason you gave. He's probably an E and he's way more of a P than a J, but that'd make him a ExTP (since I'm pretty sure he...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RowJ6bQs58  I know pretty much everyone on here dislikes catrific, but please disregard your prejudice for now (if you have any). How much of what she says in this...
I know this comment has no place in this thread, but I always thought Holden was an INFJ. He was definitely unhealthy, but his whole deal about wanting to be the catcher in the rye seemed very Fe.
your profile picture makes that post all the better.  My second type is 5, and I considered being a 5 for a while, so it's safe to say it has a pretty large influence on me. I can be pretty intense...
you're a visual perception brain!  This way of thinking is associated with the Occipital Lobe which is responsible for visual processing. You can spot a puzzle piece that fits before others do,...
I think a lot of the disintegration-integration pairings really benefit the one who integrates to the other's type more, since a 9 can't really learn much from a 6 but a 6 can learn a lot from a 9.
My best friend is a 6w5, and we have a very off and on relationship. Sometimes we'll bring out the best in each other and other times I'll unknowingly bring out the passivity in her while she...
ESTJ because the truth hurts.
Yeah, also people think those with sx blind spots are dry and boring. Sx doms are a bit too intense for me sometimes. I need my space. Not everything is the end of the world. Calmmmmmm -.-
I find it interesting that in the so/sx poll sx/sp has the most votes while in the sp/so poll that type has the least amount of votes. Interesting indeed...but this is a ridiculously small sampling...
I've wondered about this too...I noticed that the integrating works for the 9-6-3 triangle. 9w8-6w5, 9w1-6w7, 3w4-9w1, 3w2-9w8...but then for the rest you get like 7w2 and 5w7 and it doesn't exactly...
Sx doms freak me out sometimes, but it really varies from person to person, but I love sp/sx types, as I can see many other sp/sos do :)
I used to be scared of stretching my legs out when I got in bed. I felt like there was a huge horde of bees at the end, waiting for me to stretch out and sting my feet, as if there was some barrier...
Makes sense, but I'd rather be safe than sorry, and that was such an ISTJ thing to say oh my goodness
My dad's a speed demon too :P I don't think he has any speeding tickets, but he has definitely driven at least 40 in a neighborhood...I hate driving fast though. It just freaks me out how one too...
I once drove 30 in a 25 mph zone. It was crazy.
No, you're doing this, and that's the end of it. I'm not arguing, I'm just saying. You are so lazy Remember that time when... This reminds me of... Holy crap this place smells...
Type 1: xxxJ Type 2: xxFJ Type 3: ExTx Type 4: INFx Type 5: IxTx Type 6: xSxJ (hate to say it) Type 7: ExxP Type 8: ExTJ Type 9: IxxP'"


5968: 'A black dog. He was cute. :3 Don't have a good picture of him thou. :/
Mar del Plata, Buenos Aires, Argentina, year 2014. Canon Camera. Part II.  601810 601826 601834 601842 601850
Mar del Plata, Buenos Aires, Argentina, year 2014. Canon Camera. Part I.  601770 601778 601786 601794 601802
At college. With my phone (LG G4).  600866  No matter where I upload the photos, they always look so much better in my phone. :(
Yeah, I already knew him, but I haven't heard this song of his before (besides the one in the track, of course) so that's why. XD But his Music truly is beautiful... :')
Jarred and eveyone else:  Sorry about that. I've been wondering about this song for so long... And it's so beautiful...  And I love Music in such a powerful, deep and literally undescriptable...
Oh my goodness, that's the song............ OH MY GOODNESS, THAT'S THE SONG............ OHMYGOODNESSTHAT'STHEFREAKINGSONG!!!!!!!!!!!  THANK YOU SO EFFING MUCH PLEASE KNOW THAT I WOULD FREAKINGLY...
Aww... :crying:  Thanks anyway! :proud:
Maybe that's not the song, but you introduced me to another beautiful one. I didn't know this guy; I shall go through his Music. :D I hope Shazam works. I tried to SoundHound it but it didn't give...
Hey, guys! I hope this is the right place for this thread...  Does anybody know which song this is? It's from a video. I'm sharing just the audio in case the girl playing the piano somehow finds...
I don't think I'm creative. Not a bit. I LOVE Music and I like to sing and play the guitar and I'd love to improve on those and learn new instruments; but I play and sing what's already written. I...
I feel the same way, actually. I'm not really sure of when I can call someone friend. I've never had friends at school, I kinda started at college. So socially, it's like I'm 7 years old. XD ...
I actually think I'm somewhere between Questioner and Upholder, 'cause I take commitments to others vey seriously. But yeah, I don't like doing nonsense things. I'd rather waste time doing nothing...
Questioner.  I'm very practical. :P
I notice those changes quite often too; I'm pretty observant. I ask if something's wrong but, even thou sometimes something is happening, many times the person tells me that there's nothing going on....
http://i.imgur.com/JSNvwD4.png  I consider myself quite empathetic but I'm terrible at easily grabing up what other people feel. And even if I suspect something I don't trust my intuition at all....
I honestly don't know much about all the types of humor in English, but doing just a little research (it's 2a.m. in here, I'm a little sleepy), I'd say mine's a bit quirky, intellectual, kinda silly....
That was me with my squish! It amazes me how similar a squish and a crush can be. Same feelings and reactions but one is from I really really want you to be part of my life and me part of yours and...
I was talking about people in general. Not just ISTJs. :3 But even if it was socially accepted, I don't think I would go around hugging random people. :laughing: Only when I think they need it (and...
I think this can apply to many people. Not most of them, but many.  In my case, I like being an ISTJ; I just would like to have that NF ability of getting people so I could know what they're...
A world where it's socially acceptable to hug random strangers.......................................  *pulls out honorary INFP card* THAT'D BE SO GREAT!!! :D  Mainly because everytime I see...
I think this topic came up temporally in some thread once and, if I'm not mistaken, ISTJs tend to like novels, historical books and genres that don't go much far from reality. In other words, no...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dNYiQWkl9Q  Thou it sounds better with head/earphones. You can appreciate more all the instruments that are used.
Recently I found out I'm asexual and aromantic, but I also found out I have had at least one squish (or platonic crush). I'll use this to answer you. You decide whether it's useful or not.  I was...
Rant: WHY ARE CUSTOMS SO STEREOTYPED?! Apparently, my college friends are organizing a custom party for one of the boy's birthday party and they told everyone to start thinking about the custom. I'm...
Which part of we don't particularly hate this don't you understand?  And he can't go Hey, I knew it! because-Did you truly read my post? Filling our forum with threads we already said we're not...
It's a pointless and, honestly, stupid experiment.  He was told we don't exactly hate this kind of abstract subjects and discussions, we just don't truly see the point in them and so, we don't...
I think it was blue, red, yellow, blue, green aaaaaaaaaaaaand... red? Not so sure of the e. :laughing:
Hahaha, yes, I'm sure.  That was like in half joke (I don't know if you have an expression like that in English; when you say something half being serious half joking). Have you read my post that...
What's personal space? http://data.whicdn.com/images/33266629/original.gif
As it says in my sig, I'm a 1w9. I have no idea what my tritype is, and I guess my instinctual variant is sp/sx/so (I didn't know it was called like that). Oh, and my Love Language is Physical Touch....
Nope. I have no idea. But hi!  http://media.giphy.com/media/ASd0Ukj0y3qMM/giphy.gif
Oh my whoever... OH MY FREAKING WHOEVER THIS IS MY THREAD I LOVE THIS SO MUCH THANK YOU Aenye!!!!!!!!! :'D  On topic: I really like her voice. I like how the melody's sweet like some kind of...
Agreed. So much.    This happens to me with many things that are supposed to be socially accepted. :dry:
Yeah, I do have a little one as a necklace, but I want a normal one, with the chain. It's an interesting guide, thou.:D The thing is, I'm not sure if pocket watches are sold here in Argentina, let...
1.   2. Telling me that you've planned (or maybe just that you've been seriously thinking about) a trip for us. It doesn't have to be long or in an exotic/far away place. That would mean that you...
...you notice that lately you don't remember things quite well but you do recall the feelings.  For example, I remember once, while walking along a street, I heard an awesome jazz song that I don't...
Integrity of impossibe Since pretty much everything has already been said, I'm just posting to say: You're a pretty awesome friend. Your friend is lucky to have you. :proud: I hope everything turns...
This is purely out of curiosity: Why?
This, SO this! THANK YOU! :D
That's Fi? o.O  In that case, I so deserve my Honorary INFP card. If we're not supposed to often (or from time to time) feel those things, I can finally see now why the other personality types...
When someone's feeling sad or bad and I want to comfort them but have NO FREAKING IDEA of how. :crying:  UGH I hate myself in those situations... I feel so effing useless.
Oh my freaking whoever THIS
41 Photos That Will Always Be Satisfying
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfeCiI6jvwQ  I'm like GODDAMMIT I'M DYING GGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE :'D I envy her so much.
Okay, I need to clear something up: By You walk into a cinema screen I get that it's one of those outdoor cinemas (I don't know how they're called) so I was just walking somewhere and just happened...
http://i.mycommentspace.com/108/10816.jpg I've been wanting to use this pic; it's so cute! X3  P.S.: I like your username. It reminds me of the nyan pikachu I once drew. XD
Rant: Sometimes I hate myself. I wish I had that NF thing of knowing what to say or do to make someone smile or laugh just because or to cheer them up.  Rave: I'm in one of those rare occasions...
*pokes back* *pokes belly* *tickles you a little X3* *HUG :3*  http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ma5b9qg9Kk1r25xgk.gif
Oh, hi! :D    Exactly. :P    http://37.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mdnohxIVeq1rv8jpzo1_500.gif'"


