13: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLAaiKvHvZs
51 :o
I went through a break up some months ago. We were together for 4 years and I had planned my life around that relationship. I wasn't the one breaking the relationship as you might imagine and all our...
ENFJ Puns so many puns.
Well I personally don't go that much for attractiveness in general but I can see you have the will to change that and that's good already. May I ask if you want to be with them in a merely sexual...
Sorry, not an INFP but I'm really into post-rock so I had to post :<  Going to leave this here and sneak out D:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usHC-O1BPCM
Welcome!!!
wrong thread D:
That doesn't sound very ENFJ I think x3 I'd never act cold towards a romantic interest. Those just get my warm side I think. When I like someone that way all I want to do is to just straight to them...
Not really, I'm mostly a guitar player with a bass obsession, I'm the person who ask for the bass to be louder or at least more relevant. I like trying new instruments and sometimes add them to a...
Guitar mostly :O But I can add bass, glockenspiel, harmonica, drums and ocarina.
AHAHAH I'm sorry but I'm laughing so hard. It really IS a plague. I never thought that was possible.
Mostly because of the sound. If there are lyrics I'll obviusly consider them but I listen mostly to Post and Math rock so I don't care too much about words.
HII! :D And welcome!
I have two INFJ close friends and I never though of them as naive. Actually I take them very seriously though I notice non-NF friends don't seem them that way usually. I don't really know why it is...
this. Actually, why shouldn't they be cooler? Pollution is a big deal, if people can avoid it is better isn't it? It's not like people don't have cars, at least in my country, but if you live...
What if ignoring them had a side effect of slightly messing with people around BOTH of you.  Let me try to get some pratical example. If X if constatly trying to get on your nerves, provoking you or...
Welcome!!!
Hi there fellow ENFJs!  I was wondering how do you deal with direct conflict within the groups you're in.   When I feel like someone doesn´t like me that much and starts to bother me a lot I just...
Welcome! :)
Isn't the way you see yourself also a part of your personality?  I am very close to two INFJs, one of them with very low self esteem, amazingly pessimistic over pretty much everything. On the other...
ENFJ blue, violet
Sorry, not an INFJ but as an ENFJ I can kinda relate to this. If I'm getting your point right, I think low self esteem is transversal to all types. I do have quite a low self esteem and I'm a people...
the friend says welcome D:  HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII! :DDDD
I don't think it's an INFJ thing more than just social behavior.  Maybe you have something good that makes other people jealous. Maybe you're pretty, or smart, or get along with people they want to...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFBBc1tSHmo
Welcome :d
Welcome! :D
Welcome!!! :D
Welcome!!!! :DDD
this is so true
I don't know if this can be considered compliments but here are some things that make my day: -Well done. -Please don't ever stop doing what you're doing. -I wish I was able to love something...
I think I notice 2 different behaviors when I drink a little too much (I get fairly happy with less alcohol than my friends bit at the same time I never get really really drunk, probably because I...
I've walked away from ESTPs and they're really hard for me to get along with.  Also ISTPs, I kinda feel like my energy is being sucked by them the longer we're together but I can understand them and...
damn... >_>
Friendly and very fun to read :) It's a nice forum envoirnment!
INFJs are probably my favorite type. I notice some behavior difference if we're in a group of people or just the two of us. In more private environments they usually take the lead and talk, I like...
I agree with CursedSoul.  Actually recieving things, objects, or whatever doesn't make me that happy. I really enjoy when people DO stuff because it means they're actually giving me their time, and...
Thank you for welcoming me!!! :)
Yes it is, sorry for confusing you D: !   Thank you!! :D
I think she might be romantically intersted in you. Maybe she said she wouldn't flirt with you to try to get some feedback. I'm saying that because I do that a lot and only with people I'm...
Thank you! :3
Hi there! *waves*  How you all doing? I've been lurking around the forum for some time and I think it's time for a proper introduction :< I'm Ri, ENFJ, and I'm really interested in pretty much...'"


36: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwgF14ySLpw  I do stuff like dis.
They no longer become outlandish once they start becoming reality! I think you also have to always remember why you started to make music in the first place, the way it feels or how you make others...
I'm a musician myself but I started recording when I was a junior in high school, I started writing music that would personally appeal to me and honestly, it's actually working out pretty well. So,...
Then again, I hate to generalize, but that was my experience.
Both lol.
Dated an ESFJ, was my last girl, but she was crazy bruh. Very on and off, I called her out on it because it seemed like she was never consistent on how she actually felt. But it's cool doe nikka, you...
Extremely attracted to ESFJ's but would love to date an INFP at one point :D
Yeah, happens quite often, I guess that's why I usually stay quiet most of the time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eA9Vgys9Jfc  I listen to this as I watch the sunset.
That was creepy af bro. What the hell?!
I saw this this turkey once an I was straight chewin that breast to pieces bruh, left no skin on it. I'll grab you a turkey with those nice thighs, you're going to love stickin your face in em man.
Seeker is an independent woman that don't need no man but still tryna look good for everyone else, can I get a Heeellll yea!?!?
Everyone! Eggsies likes fucking zebra cakes, what a kinkster!
INTPs are fun to talk to intellectually! :)
Don't you mean Yum Circles?! Lol.
Chicken pot pie, oh mer gerdd..... YESSSS
I'm pretty sarcastic but I usually just use extremely bad puns to get laughs lol.
High expectations come at a high price, we just expect too much, we'll have to learn how to expect less from our (potential) significant others.
I really want a shred beef taco, or multiple of those right now. Also, funny names for things: Carrots: Dirt Rockets Pizza: Yum Circles And the one I actually made up, Hot Sauce: Danger Liquid...
They remind me of Michael Buble with a hint of Snoop Dogg, ya feel?
I have noooo idea how you feel right now, but thank you, everyone all aboard the feels train.
I used to want to bring peace to the world but that all changed when the fire nation attacked. Lol, on the real doe, I used to think the same way, but if you can notice these things about previous...
Cause it's dope lol. Not so much a good lyrical song but it bumps like a motherfuggah!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEMsjeq43_U  Thought this would be fitting.
Anorexic or obese.
I'm also an 3w4 but I'm only concerned about being vulnerable, I hate being in a position where I'd have to appeal to someone. I guess it's more the fact that I don't think I'll ever be understood...
Making people laugh is always a great time! :)
You guys are way too creative for me. I would wake up as a walking dead. Lel.
Going to have to say yes.
Good ol George Carlin said environmentalist don't give a shit about the Earth, it's our selfishness to want to continue surviving as a species, the Earth will take its course and wipe us out,...
Haha, I don't know man, relationship or not, I've always been happy. Relationships were and are never a priority to me lol.
Hahaha, before I answer, I just want to say that most of my favorite conversations are with INTJ/INTPS. It's the idea of compassion, just allowing him to follow his path into his Nirvana is fine with...
I am pretty damn happy about it, less stress and carefree. I can do things and not be criticized for it, but then again, I probably haven't been in a great relationship yet. I can do with or without...
I tend to debate quite a bit on that issue. I am also practicing buddhist philosophy though, I know when to stop and allow them to find their own path. People can believe what they want, some aren't...
But then again, there is no such thing as darkness, assuming that the Einstein theory is true, it's defined as a lack of light. Now, when that's applied to selfish/selflessness, it's maybe, ONLY on a...
As harsh as eggsies seems, he's right. You can't offer emotions to people who don't appreciate them, yes, I know the feeling of pouring yourself out and getting taken for granted. There's a lesson on...
I wish I was a little bit taller. I wish I was a baller. I wish I had a girl who looked good, I would call her. lol. On the real doe, I wish I had more of a drive to pursue my dream than human...
I've always had this thought about selfishness, in a sense, our innate desire to make people happy makes US happy. Does that make us selfish or selfless? Is selfishness measured upon a spectrum and...
93943 I don't know how I feel about this.
Can we all just get along? :)
I also have myself a copy! I've gotten to the first page, and put it down though. LOL
Do you draw, scrap book, watercolor, paint, have tattoos, like dinosuars, eat turtles, make guitars, play pianos, have pets, favorite danimal? List some ish yall like to do! This forum is just too...
1. Neither, have an interview today doe. Should be bangin.  2. Writing, enjoying the morning weather with coffee, when night hits though, I'm up all night for good fun and meeting folks.  3. I...
Well, I had a lot of time to figure that out when I was younger. I've always been interested in environmental science and doing things that would positively affect my community. But that's my fall...
Submitted. Good survey.
I think you should tell him how you can't always have a heart to heart moment with him, and that you guys should focus on yourselves for now and just hangout. When we ENFJ's fall in love, it's like...
The asshole when shit hits the fan... :)
Major in environmental science, I'm interested in the connection between the natural world and humans.
Such a vauge question, but yes. Most of the time I don't give up on things I'm interested in, personally, I hate losing.
Because the description of an enfj fits me more, as far as I know :))"


59: 'That sounds like a beautiful relationship already. But don't push too fast as it seems she needs to be appreciated as a friend. But at the end of the day you can only feel what happens when the...
beautiful :)
love Xxxxx
Has anyone been misstyped, maybe as an enfp? I was stuggling trying to find some similarities to enfp as I always got this type when doing internet tests. But using the gognitive functions test I...
Thanks for all your input, I think I may buy the book. Think I was having a bit of a rant in the end lol
I barely have the energy to write this but as I do I feel my strength coming back to me. I have been through alot in my life not as much as some and I would really like to get over my low self...
Has anyone read this book? It was featured breifley in the movie 'bring it on.'  I would like to talk to you and ask a few questions about men Mostly it is a subject that really bugs me alot, I am...
What action can be taken against a whole school of bullies? 'Legally obliged to do something' is word springs to mind when it comes to bullying, but this kind of behaviour is causeing people to...
I am an ENFP and my mum is an ISFP and we don't get along especially when I talk about something she dosen't like, she tends to explode at me with mixed results, sometimes i'll stand up for myself...
Meee- ENFP my mum- ISFP (I find we tend to clash alot, is that normal?) my sister-INFJ (we don't get along in heated topics but she thinks I am sweet but a bit of a dork) stepdad-ISTP (he thinks I...
I think some of you out there missed my intention. Be who you want to be, not what others want you to be. I know Some of you may have already given up this thread, but for those who understood my...
A simple 'thanks' is not enough.. Thank you, humaning. :)
But first...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&feature=endscreen&v=tM3qBye5FIw and  FUCK YEAH SCREW THEM ALL!! and if I cause any offence it is meant with Sincerity and should not affect your day...
Oh dear I am afraid I have caused turmoil in what little pool water there is left. I shall leave :(
I don't care if it was misleading I'm just happy I posted it. :) I may have done some shell removal afterwards. Lets raise our glasses.. I am (insert name here) and I refuse to apologise for being...
The ever-present danger for  writers is sacrificing truth and intellectual quality (T) for the sake of recognition or popularity (F).  From personality junkie intp  I don't care what you are or...
What makes my friend raania happy is looking after animals. It's the same for me as I am doing animal care in college. Today a fully grown doberman sat on her lap, fell asleep and nearly hit a...
My name is raania and I would also like to post, I am using my friend abitsilly's profile. - Someone who is funny, kind, someone who would be able to get along with my friends and family....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cq_VeUMtyzU
absolutely I think it would be un-NF-ish not to help another in need.
If you need advice or someone to talk to come here! Post your questions or dilemma's and a panel of experts will get back to you...  I am having a dilemma please go to my recent blog entry and read...
:unsure: I'm not sure I can consider myself to be old being the big 24 (not to be confused with the big 25, 26 and 27 etc. etc.) When do you consider yourself to be beyond saving, is it when you...
creepy exes..oh boy. You could say that, one even stayed outside my house hiding in a neighbors garden till he was caught.  They just don't want to let go. Which is something I can't understand.
Someone who'll look after my mind body and spirit and do it effortlessly   Someone who really wants to talk to you at the end of the day  Someone who likes books, not t.v  Someone who really...
I was just listening to bohemian rhapsody by Queen and resonated with it.(not about the part where he killed a man.lol)  People think we are just day dreamers, no hopers, with no direction or...
OMG you haven't read Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels? You have not lived, it's enfp paradise. Inna book!
I too have felt the nastiness of parents and the using by friends, families and fiance. It sometimes seems the only option is to be alone. But for us that is no easy option, as we crave the...
Or rather my restlessness comes from not being able to find my niche.
I know about this as I have experienced this a lot, I have no definitive solution but when i'm bored I go out for walks, catch the bus into town, I find that helps alleviate the boredom. My boredom...
It's true in england they use the arts including humanities.
You are not alone, all of us are on a journey of self discovery. To err is human to forgive divine. I too am in the same boat as you.. I also had alot of childhood trauma to sift through. But I am...
Has anyone studied religion and theology, how did it go for you?
Understanding art is also part of the syllabus. :)
The arts include things like religion and history... :)
We all have a need to serve humanity with what we do, yes? So is taking an religious education course right for us.. idk Personally it was my best subject in school and I wish to take it up again,...
abitsilly feels like a horney little succubus http://t3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRJJQ8aiD3wCrZNZQM--Q5TflW8_ealQ0fc3SJIOL9pmL3bNkFVIg
Kisses slivermoon passionately hands running down her body and exposed slippery breasts finds her way down to her ass and pulls her in closer as she kisses her with a passion close to madness. ...
takes slivermoon passionately in her arms and brings jackdaw in too, the three of them rubbing bodies slowly bobbing in the pool like some lesbian succubi.
woops thought you were a guy, maybe I was wrong. I have to find out- her hands start winding their way around jackdaw's body. I never knew this could be so pleasurable.
Fights jackdaw for silvermoon, splashes issue from the pool as she straddles him hands reaching out for his throat.
Dam you guys are so hot!
moans, I want silvermoon back on the enfp thread!
Wriggles out of trousers. And pulls silvermoon in the pool with her. Arggghhh! lol
Get naked peeps, takes her top off and throwing it away with careless abandon! woop woop *giggles* who wants a smooch* abitsilly is feeling very huggable.
I love water, especially making love in it. But I wouldn't want to dirty up the pool.
Love Terry Pratchett, and recently i have been reading the celestine prophocey. Anyone else read it?
Hello I am from england, thought I might interrupt your thoughts by asking you to read my literotica blog. I would love to meet another INFP but they would have to live close to bristol.
MWahaha my favorite subject. Everyone is entitled to they're own opinion... I believe religion is just another system of control a very big one. Richest and most influential system.  It takes the...
I like people who like me, I dislike people who hate me. I loathe people with no morals-e.g steal your bf/gf etc. etc. People who rub me up the wrong way (you'd have to be pretty bad to do that)...
I was the teachers pet always have been. Thus not many friends in fact I can say with some certainty I have never met anyone who has been a true friend of mine. I was always super observant as a...'"


69: 'I've always thought of Tony Stark as more of an ENTJ... (and it sort of matters to me his type because I've been wondering the type of one of my teachers as a reference point and he's very much like...
As for the Arya debate (if I may put my useless input in there)... I really don't know, honestly. Her rejection of what's proper and right in her society does seem very almost like Fi... and the way...
Can I challenge that Margaery is not an ESFJ, but rather an ENFJ? I've only seen some show parts of her, but she just painted the picture of ENFJ to me... But at least we can agree on Fe, which is...
I really agree with the view that Pinkie's more Fe than anything. I was struck to this realization with the last episode, where her true place was HELPING people and MAKING THEM HAPPY. That's what...
I'm not sure of Wanda's type, though I'd certainly love to know; she's one of my absolute favorite characters. She always struck me as an INFJ - very determined (Ni) but selfless (Fe). I'd argue that...
I have to argue against Rapunzel being ENFP. While that does seem like a good typing - and I was once very sure of that as her type - I believe it would be more accurate to call her ENFJ and label...
I personally see Voldemort and Tom Riddle as two seperate persons. Tom Riddle was an individual with a personality... Lord Voldemort, with his soul divided into seven pieces and devoid of all love...
I haven't finished reading the book, but everything I've heard about Cosette makes me think she's actually ENFJ. She appears to be an ExFJ child from what I've read, how she was careful not to upset...
Thank you for your input (:  Any thoughts on his friend/girlfriend? For some reason she made me think INFP in her dreamy ways and how she goes against the flow of what everyone else thinks... Yet...
Any guesses? (This would be for the most recent movie.)  The Once-ler struck me as an INFP... Really idealistic and innocent when he was younger, but with a definite Te that came out in a rather...
It's funny you made this topic... I literally just started contemplating it an hour ago.   He had a quarterback approach to decisions... Dealing with obstacles as they came. He wanted immediate...
XD Thank you for your reply! I have to admit that I can't take credit for most of these types - I've searched around through Disney threads a lot, and most of these were said somewhere there first....
There are a ton of scattered Disney threads on here, but few specific, contained ones... I think it would be fitting enough to have a general thread to type Pixar characters.   I'll guess a few...
I'm not sure if it would count as a relationship, but my best friend is INFP and we've almost had some bit of a relationship...  I definitely think I molded to their tendencies and seemed very...
It ties into socionics. I think there's a socionics test, though I haven't been able to find an accessible one.
Okay, I was definitely overthinking it. (: I tried really hard to recognize it, but I tried too hard, and took it out of it's subconscious state. I have it and make connections naturally and...
That's pretty much me, myjazz. (: Thanks. It describes the... whatever-it-is in my head perfectly. I think I'm just really over contemplating what exactly unconscious means.
In other words... Is Ni a mastering of the subconscious (in a less dramatic way), a stronger awareness of it?
I should be clearer, myjazz... I do experience Ni - precisely what is described here - yet recently I've been doing it and thinking This is Ni! Is it possible to force myself into Ni, even though...
Here's a new question...  While I do make connections a lot of the time, I do it consciously. Subconsciously... I can't do that at all. I come to conclusions that I do - often - use to manipulate...
Okay! I found my true type!  I am INFJ, but not the type that's mostly represented on this forum. I'm of the Ethical subtype. Really, it describes me perfectly.   I relate to the other one a...
Oh, wow! This completely seals the deal about my being INFJ. The description for Ethical INFJ was spot on for me. Thank you for posting this! I'm so happy right now, finally content with myself.
Oh my goodness... That is so incredibly me. I am very open to different possibilities in someone's behavior. Sometimes my ideas clash, and these ideas and connections I can't speak aloud... Yet they...
I'm not stuck on being NF. It simply is who I am. To me, being NF means that caring for the world and making a difference in it is my main priority, and that I am a big picture thinker who...
Thank you for the new replies! They're helping as well.    I shift from believing I'm Ni to believing I'm Ne... I believe there are multiple factors that contribute to any one situation, but I'm...
Wow. I must say I related to much of the above, save a few. Is this all specific to Ni, or could some of it be experienced by users of Ne as well?
I must say I relate to this a great deal. From what I've heard about ENFP, it seems to be a thousand possibilities at once and never knowing which to choose, believing all possible... While I believe...
All of your posts have helped me very much, and I greatly appreciate them. They've helped me clear up some things.
I know just what you mean, OniCrow! I think the same thing all the time. I have to get inspiration from outside my head, whether it be triggered by a song, a cow on the side of the road... But the...
I never said I was a J? I'm just considering ENFJ and INFJ right now because I'm almost certain that I'm Fe and just as certain that I'm NF. From what I've gathered through my studies, the J vs P...
Hi! I was hoping that you guys could help me discover what Se truly is. What does it feel like to you personally? How do you experience it? How do you know it's there? Your responses will really help...
And you can FEEL your emotion? Like it's always there with you and you know what it is at all times?  I don't feel that at all, and have to judge what I'm feeling by reading my own body language...
Hi! I was hoping that someone here could explain Ti to me from personal experience... What does it feel like, how do you experience it, that sort of thing. All answers will be greatly appreciated!
Hi! I was hoping that someone here could explain Ti to me from personal experience... What does it feel like, how do you experience it, that sort of thing. All answers will be greatly appreciated!
Hi! Could someone please describe for me what Ni feels like for you, how you know it's Ni, how you experience it... All that kind of stuff would be appreciated. (: I'm trying to find out my own...
Hi! I'm hoping someone here could help me figure out what Ne truly is, what it feels like, and if it's somewhere in my perception. (: Would anyone care to explain? Any responses would be greatly...
Hi! I'm hoping someone here could help me figure out what Ne truly is, what it feels like, and if it's somewhere in my perception. (: Would anyone care to explain? Any responses would be greatly...
Ack, I've seen a ton of those descriptions... What I really want is to hear a personal description. (: but I will definitely look at that link. Thanks for responding!
Hi! I'm hoping you can explain to me what Fi feels like and how you experience it and all that good stuff. How do you know it's Fi? I'm trying to figure out my type and the functions that I have and...
Hi! I'm hoping you can explain to me what Fi feels like and how you experience it and all that good stuff. How do you know it's Fi? I'm trying to figure out my type and the functions that I have and...
Hi! (: Maybe you recognize me (though probably not); for the past few months, I've been convinced that I was INFJ... But lately I have doubted it, and my quest to find my true type has brought me...
Hi! I was wondering if you could explain to me how your Fe feels and how you experience it. I'm trying to find my own type and figure out the functions in general. Any help you give would be greatly...
... That is me. Wow.  Thanks for your help!
Hi! I'm hoping that I could get some clarification on what Te feels like for you. I know the normal definitions... But I want to know how you feel and experience it personally. Any help would be...
Hi! I'm hoping that I could get some clarification on what Te feels like for you. I know the normal definitions... But I want to know how you feel and experience it personally. Any help would be...
Hi! I'm hoping for some of your perspectives on what Si feels like to you personally. I'm trying to figure out my own type right now, and just want to know more about the functions in general. (: Any...
Hi! I'm hoping for some of your perspectives on what Si feels like to you personally. I'm trying to figure out my own type right now, and just want to know more about the functions in general. (: Any...
Hi. (: I was hoping that I could get a few perspectives on what your dominant function, Fe, is like? I'm trying to figure out my own type, and I also need to know for the sake of the story that I'm...
XD I don't relate people to book characters... I was mentioning who other people have compared ME to. (: I like knowing who I'm seen as because it gives me a good idea as to how I am viewed by my...
XD Yes, I feel much safer with xNFP, and I probably am INFP... Though I really think I was initially an ExFP and my friendless childhood kind of developed me into more of an INFP-seeming person. I...'"


71: 'ABILITY TO TRANSFORM.  Form of... a bucket of water!
This just made me realize how to not fail at life and amount to nothing. No joke. Now I will go Close. :)
So, late last night I was on perC and stumbled upon the ENFJ forums. I was reading about their functioning and thought: I feel like I'm always using my Fe. ENFJ is Fe Dom. !!!! I MUST BE ENFJ ...
I. LOVE. My tarot cards. Whenever I feel lost or down, or I don't know what to think about situation, I can just pull out my cards and they reassure me.  My favorite deck to use right now is...
@Zech do you hate cats?
The problem with dating yourself, is that it is that if you and the other INFJ are at different levels of maturity, well then it might not work out/ would be less than pleasant (although this applies...
Honestly, I feel ESTP is the best fit for INFJ. They complete us. And strengthen our weaknesses. (:   Yay for being grounded.
Thank you for the reply.  Though perhaps I didn't voice myself quite properly in the question. What I'm really getting at is how Can I formulate more of a self image, less in response to other...
As an INFJ, I find myself playing up the role of people-pleaser. I rarely think of what I want or need, or even how I feel about things most of the time. I feel lost in terms of my passions and...
Thank you both. These posts were extremely insightful.
INTJ's, when you and your INFJ friend are fighting over something trivial, and you start giving your INFJ friend the silent treatment--because they were too emotional or too feely--how can we...
This is probably the biggest amount of truth in a single post that I've read on this forum so far.
If you do go into academia, you could always go on SABBATICAL :)
I read that list of symptoms. Apparently, I have every single symptom. I however, do not have a single one of these disorders. Why not? Because I believe I am healthy and normal. Any problem I have...
Since I'm not sure what I would like to get out of life, I am right now being drawn towards translating and TESOL.   The biggest appeal for me, is to have a job that is location irrelevant, which...
Ooooh, perhaps snakes really are your spirit animal.  http://www.spiritanimal.info/snake-spirit-animal/   You and me both.
Have you formulated a system to emulate parseltongue yet? ;)  That would actually be quite fantastic.
You have no idea how... Okay, actually you can probably empathize with how jealous I am.   I got hawk.
This actually sounds like me too.   Perhaps its an INFJ thing :3
Oh my glob yes.
I Worship  this post almost as much as the MAGIC CONCH!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-IUE0idp7k
I used to deal with this all the time. Recently I started thinking, I may see something that other people do not about themselves, however, who am I to tell them that I see their problems better than...
Intriguing. I have been struggling with mine as I never had a favorite animal. However, I do have a long history of dreams involving alligators, and I've had a few confrontations with them as well....
I love this.
Sorry, I guess I misinterpreted your post then. I saw an INTP asking a question, on an ask an INTP page.  But why would they ask themselves?
I plead ignorant. How is it offensive? I simply do not know enough about this topic to be politically correct.
My direct phrasing was more for helping me voice my thoughts than implying that you don't understand. Sorry for any misunderstandings of phrasing.   And if some feelers is the question, then you...
So I've recently discovered SHAMANISM. Or maybe its called PAGANISM. Or even, what-have-you-ism #7, which has to do with Inner Animals representing our ideal person.   Does anyone know what theirs...
Question 1: Do you as a thinker define yourself by your thoughts?   Question 2: Is it an overgeneralization that all feelers expect thinkers to filter?  Also, I would think that our functions are...
I keep trying to meditate so I can find my power animal. I legit know I have an alligator watching over me as a guardian, but my power animal? IT ELUDES ME.   Meditation keeps letting me down...
Feeling hurts a thinker's brain? :0 Thats new to me.  I don't really care what people say, regardless of their type, as long as it is respectful/considerate of others.  As for my question:  At...
Ironically, a few hours after I posted how well I get to sleep, it took me like an hour laying in bed to do so. I guess this forum is just too exciting.
I love taking tiny little flower petals and giving it to slugs that I come across. They are so majestic. They deserve it for being underrated by humans who prefer snails.
An INTJ preferring acts of service? :0 I can't even
Kindness
Legit I love these pants.   Mens Pants, Mens Trousers, Pants For Men | Bonobos  I don't want a money tree, just skip the middle man and someone give me a Bonobo Tree. <3
Perhaps hes a someone with Te? Just a guess, though I'm still beginning to grasp all that MBTI really entails.     I'm glad to hear this :). With enough positive reinforcement and support from...
ESTP: Be more like me  (in other words)-- meaning that I should be more Se. Well, there's definitely good reason in it. Being more like him would be quite balancing for my psyche ^^
Well, I am not the oldest nor most mature INFJ here, but what it took for me was a finding that one supportive friend. I didn't quite fit in in my primary school days because a lot of the other...
Your M matches mine. Kind of. 5/10 :3
Most people doodle. I doodle WORDS. Not doodles. Words. Crazy stuff. I should probably be submitted to the loony bin.   *insert Leave me alone - Alexander Rybak music video link*  (5 more posts...
Like I've said. Perhaps it's easier to turn the mental to-do list off if you get it out of your head, and onto a piece of paper :)
I usually fall asleep the easiest when I am tired. This happens when I have exhausted myself using too much Fe.   If my mind is racing at night time, I get off the computer and try to do something...
Well, as for one, I am extremely attracted to Outgoing personalities, especially ones who are charismatic and friendly. I happen to be in a relationship right now with an ESTP. He really likes doing...
OH MY GLOB. You understood what I was referring to with that Beefy comment. I think we could be wonderful friends. Thanks for clarifying about type too.   Are you a Mexican food fan?
To be honest, I could care less about acts of service. Although I think all displays of affection are filled with good intention.
Also, It seems that my type doesn't show up, I happen to be an INFJ.
Yeah, I'd like to order 2 beefy cheesy's with a medium cup of water on the side. Please, no ice.   But yeah, nice to meet you QrivaN.
Hi!  I am a long-time lurker and a short-time poster at PersonalityCafe. I suppose I'll be going by Absolution or Absol for short.   Right now I'm studying but it is winter break, so I finally...'"


95: It burns!! Haha
http://personalitycafe.com/mafia/701778-mafia-open-iii-big-hero-6-signups.html  Go here
You're right. Not sure why I didn't think of that before hahah
BAHAHAH omg that avatar. I love it.
Hmmm...well let's see...you like science and art...
You don't have to lol. What picture are you thinking for an avatar?
You can change it in settings
You should probs choose an avatar
Hi! This is obvi my username
I've known my INFP husband for about 8 years. We've been together for 5 years, and married for 1 year. We are in a very happy and healthy relationship. :) We bought our first house together and are...
I'm married to an INFP, so I'll offer this bit of info. from my personal experience:  When it comes to relationships, I'm very old fashioned in that I love the man to ask me out and make the first...
My husband is an INFP. From a biased point of view, I agree that INFP is an excellent fit. :P
Welcome!
Welcome!!
Welcome!! :)
I own a Chumbawumba album...haha
$300 sneakers...lol
Creative, outcast, strong minded characters such as Holden Caufield.
Welcome!! :)
I've always identified myself with Belle from Beauty and the Beast!
I function better in social settings. I work better in groups when I am able to bounce my ideas around, get feedback, and socialize. I'm happier around people. I do enjoy alone time, but too much...
My husband is INFP. We get along so well, but we do have our differences. Lol
Welcome!! :)
Welcome!!! :)
Welcome! I'm ENFJ as well. :)
Welcome!! :)
Welcome!! :)
(Deleted)
(Deleted)
(Deleted)
(Deleted)
I've been so curious about my Enneagram type since I learned it existed lol. If possible, could someone help me figure it out? I don't know anything about what the numbers mean, so explanations would...
Thanks!!! :) ENFJ/INFP: Volume 2 - Parenting. Hahaha.   He is adorable and he tries so hard lol. It's very endearing, even if annoying at times. :P lol
Money is the hardest, I think, for us to come to terms with. He is very idealistic in his thinking. He believes as long as we have love, money means nothing. While I do believe love is more important...
I'm a teacher in New England (to give context since education varies all over the place). I teacher high school English.  I hate common core. I know it for purposes of educational politics. Schools...
As a high school teacher, I have very strong beliefs on this subject. Testing students is meaningless...unless you're testing skills in hacking a system. It does not measure what is learned in...
I haven't read every post, but the title intrigued me. I just recently got involved with this forum a few months ago, and at that time, I discovered my MBTI. I had my husband figure his out, too. I'm...
Wontly has it right! Hahah I haven't read the thread, but I agree with any and all who do not like Taylor Swift. Her lyrics, her voice, her melody...it's pain to my ears. cue5c tortured me so bad in..."


109: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mokC24vTPI
There's two triggers for this phenomenon I've noticed:   1. Over-empathizing in a social situation  2. High Stress, ENFJ will mimic type that resolves stress reaction most efficiently  1. When...
Whenever I've attempted a drastic change in lifestyle, there has to be a catalyst. The last time I attempted this It stuck. I'm in a super-stressful spot right now, moving my business to a smaller...
Hearing stuff like this gets my intuitive juices flowin!! As an ENFJ I can't see anything wrong with some in-depth analysis especially if I'm so actively engaged by the person talking. The only thing...
Had my good friend tell me something so so similar to this today. He's been dating this girl for 6 months and all the while she's still waiting for her ex that joined the military a year ago. But...
miss-anne-THRAH-pic =)  Hearing people try to pronounce scientific names makes me warm and fuzzy inside =))) +2 if they try hard
I indulge in intelligent discussion and bouts deductive reasoning with people like this. I've noticed people get defensive/change subject when met with theoretical or highly technical conversation....
Hello!   Don't be worry about if your personality type fits your career, It's a rough guide. I'm an undergraduate biological sciences major, and with my plan for a masters in Biochemistry and...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbXa2DvVViI
Every day, at about 70% of people based on if their body language is smile receptive lol.  I should try smiling at 100% of people and make a statistic on how many smile back.
This is a psychology question that is debatable as well as subjective. There's a current theory that 50% of personality is from genes, and 50% from environment.  It's my opinion that environment...
Formula for meeting suitable ENFx:  1. Talk to everyone 2. Of those who respond, enthusiastic talkers are likely E 3. If they talk about things that aren't simply eliciting information you've...
MBTI / Enneagram? She's an ESFP to the best of my knowledge  What's special about him or her? We dated in highschool and I was her first everything, and she my first real love. I could tell you...
My childhood stimulated my Ni more than anything, as I was shy up 'till graduating high school. Now I need social interactions on a daily basis to keep level. I have my brother and business partner...
I notice this behavior in myself, however it usually manifests by harming my personal relationships rather than myself.
Interesting theory you got there, I share the same. I actually started a commercial Compost Tea business a year back, and we want to make our first international market South Africa. We could lease...
Spiderman was my favorite as a kid. He's a bit reckless for a superhero, I liked that about him. I would imagine myself web slinging freely through the city, or finding witty and amusing ways to...
My skype sn is Adhokk, just like my forum username. You might see me pop on from time to time, feel free to shout at me =P
Well here's my perspective as a business owner. My Idealism makes it so every action I take is one taken to realize my ideal of a successful business. I choose employees because I like them...
ENFJ, I argue every day with my ENTJ brother, we're the most opinionated people we know. Interestingly enough you wouldnt know unless you were very close to the ENFJ, as they prioritize your feelings...
What are your interests and hobbies? Most of the time nowadays I'm absorbed in my developing business, but that in itself has become my life's passion, everything about it interests me =) I still am...
Hello Prince, I had a similar revelational experience to yours. Self discovery is such a broad topic that most people swim into a sea of problems, feelings, thoughts, ideas, and preconceptions...
I had a friend just come back from the WWOOF program, definitely a life-changing experience for the better. If you don't mind posting about your experience while you're there, I'd love to hear about...
well, not like much, because outside the organs is sterile. Inside organs smell would be based on reactions taking place: Stomach- like vomit, Intestines- microbe by-products like methane and...
I have some lofty expectations of my life but here goes:  ...Founder of fortune 100 company  ...Marry my best friend  ...PhD in virology (and subsequently develop T-virus =P)  ...Master...
Developing your Fe requires practicing: Conversation, body language, noticing social queues, empathizing  and other aspects of social interaction. These are simply ways Fe manifests in reality, to...
Like HaN said, there are flavors of morality when it comes to manipulation, the intent decides where it lies on the spectrum. I'd describe constructive manipulation towards a friend as the best way...
restraining order should be last resort, it nullifies constitutional rights and shouldn't be used lightly unless you're being stalked or seriously worried about bodily harm. You may not think much of...
I'm stuck in a similarly opposite position as OP. I'm starting a business, and while I'm happy that my professional life is progressing and stable for the moment, I have no time to pursue romance. So...
I love the coffee bean picture, I worked at a coffee shop for 5 years, so stuff like that makes me smile =P
1. Happy are you? 7  2. Socially skilled are you? 7- I'm always improving my skills, I'll replace the most interesting man in the world in my later years =)  3. Lazy are you? 4-I try to get...
I'm an ENFJ 7w8. I definitely know when an issue needs to be confronted, whether I act on it or not depends on if confrontation will benefit me. If it's someone I care about I'm very confrontational,...
my spiritual journey is an introspective plunge into my mind for understanding of the universe. The inside of my mind is an unexplored universe of its own, and I feel a lot of ENFJ's can't appreciate...
How are old are you? 21  Where are you from? Bay Area, California  How long have you been on Personality Cafe? 1 month  Other forums you frequent other than ENFJ forum?
just reading the forums here could give you a bit of knowledge and the courage to get there.   Half the battle as far as I'm concerned:...
haha Spastic with the large volume of EDM music being produced by at-home producers I'd say 80% is boring =P I feel most people get into EDM by one genre or another thats similar to something they...
Ah, but you got my implied meaning, and still felt the need to correct my grammer? I don't need any sources personally, as I'm not terribly interested in the subject. But it would be helpful for...
Sounds like he's an ENFJ. most of your description highlights the Feeling bits of his personality.
We could use some sources. There's no logic in saying one thing is right or wrong without objective data to back it up. any input? here's an article on the relationship of neural plasticity and its...
dd
Milk, you'll need to talk to him about the F stuff! If he's even bringing it up all you need to do is listen. If you keep showing your impatience with his relationship talk he'll stop, and you'll...
We need an NT to come explain neuroplasticity =P I too think this is a misunderstanding of what the concept is. From a quick wiki peak:   It's more a concept of how the cells of the brain can react...
I'll never stop playing Starcraft, but I dabble in Diablo. I play Starcraft 2 ladder as Terran, and feel it's the most adaptable race for on-the-fly strategies. What other some other N's SC2 races,...
Seattleites have much better coffee than Sbux to choose from! My time at Sbux actually got me really interested in starting a purist/elitist espresso bar based out of a catering truck. I wanted a...
You may have to succumb to a moment of deep empathy in order to gain some insight into what he's going through. Sounds like he has regrets with his life I wish I'd done this... and that's why he's...
I've had problems communicating casually with ppl until I left highschool. It does take willpower to implement social strategies because you're going to fail or feel awkward after a conversation has...
Attention, and cute little reminders of mutual love =) she should be willing to go out of the way for me, cause I would build a rocket to the moon for her. Snuggles and sharing her feelings with me,...
ya know, as an ENFJ I've always thought family would be the most important to me. I'm only 21 but when I do have kids I would pour my life's energy into raising my family and connecting with them....
I'm ENFJ and I notice when I start drinking I flip on the Fe and go talk to pretty girls I otherwise wouldnt haha
Hunny, I don't benefit from talking myself up. I feel better from realizing the problem thats causing my negative feelings and coming up with solutions, just knowing my options and that my problems...'"


237: 'I had an ESTJ boss, who was a kinda control freak. He always wanted things to be done in the MOST rational/logical way, like it was not about the final result, but also about way of doing something....
Hi.  We are not in the exact science, we are talking about human personnality which is kinda extremely complex thing, and even cognitive functions are not something scientifically proven. MBTI is a...
Hi, Tailor Lewis! My name is Andre:and I was tested as ENFJ by a certified mbti practitioner. I'd be glad to have a little chat with ya, where you come from?  My Skype is lukyanov.andre.  Tell...
Dear Cookie Thief.  I'm unprofessional, so my point of view is not to take really seriously, but rather as the POV. The best way to determine is to book an interview with a certified practitioner....
Me too, I have a little bit the same opinion, but I think we don't need to be offensive.
I'll give you a very serious advice. Don't use MBTI to find your soul mate, because MBTI is NOT MADE FOR THAT. It has some theories on this matter, but these are just theories. You have to find your...
J is not about your organisational capacities/skills/workaholicism. It's about your preference, how you want things to be and what do you do to implement it. But the organisation, especially detailed...
Seriously, don't think too much. I had passed certified MBTI test and had an interview with certified professional. ENF were clear. J/P I had doubts. The difference is in how you ideally see your...
I've just been tested and had an interview with certified professional. Résult : ENFJ!
Hi. After Having read your message twice i have a quite stong hunch that you are ENFP. You sound like them. But try spades questionnaire. IMHO jelousy and narcissism have little to do with type. I...
Dear All. Istme, Ellis, Aserbusvenator, Kskatze, Myjazz, Marckos, Cyamitide, Blackice and Velasquez all people who had invested some time to help me out, thank you very much for your participation on...
Thanks everyone for the participation.   Dear friends, if you have some extra 5 minutes, would you please read this post above and tell what function these processes look like? I would be very...
Thanks for your intervention, Acerbusvenator.  Here comes the difficulty:   1)Yes. In my head I constantly, almost without stop imagine different situations, for example, me talking to somebody...
Dear Istme and Ellis.  Differences S/N exist pretty really. For example, often, I've been criticised by my parents for having forgotten small stuff. I hated dictations and, in general, all kinds of...
I've just read the Myers-Briggs official page on the S and N differences. N: big picture thing rather than check the facts and see big picture first, seeing possibilities how for ex. relationship...
i would say it in a different way. Why would i think of myself as an S if i have all typical N weak points ? I've taken a certified MBTI test and i've answered positively to most of N questions....
It is very simple for me to answer. We start from the opposite. Throughout all my life I've been persecuted by one difficulty: dislike of small details and minutia. Incapability to handle these. It...
Hi. Thanks for your answer. I've read the description of ESFJ. Fe +Si. Down to earth. Searches to help and in practical way. Attentive to detail. No, i'm almost 100% sure of being an N.
Well, I've just read on the another forum the description wonderful description Fe vs Ne. ENFJ is the Fe dom, and ENFP Ne dom.  Fe: 1)I like to belong to the community I like. Not just any goddarn...
Hi. Many people advise to check the functions instead of four letters. 1)I'm totally incapable to tell which is my dominant function. Can tell for other people but not for myself. 2)If we are...
I've just been tested by professional, certified MBTI test. The interview with professional will be two weeks later. It is still quite ambiguous. I hope professional will help.
Thank you so much, this is so sweet from your part to take this forgotten by everyone topic back to the line.:laughing:  I'm either ENFJ or an ENFP. It's what I think, so you are very close.
Sorry for stupid joke. INFJs usually have most TOP-awesome avatar's. They appear more cold and intellectual. They will debate with you intellectually, a bit like INTJs, explain you the theory of...
People who have told you, that the certified MBTI test is not valid are evil and wicked NTP Satan's accolytes. Don't let them corrupt you!
People without values, materialistic, egoistic, who don't go deep about things, and have no interests apart of what is given/sold to them by consumerist economical system. Philistins.
I live with my longterm INFP  mate (who i hope will become my wife). Got a lot of INFP  friends women and men. Yes INFP  and ENFJ are really drawn to each other. INFP  women somehow trust ENFJs men...
Shortly. I've been born in authorirarian state and it's been 7 years i live in democratic one. I guess i learned to give much more respect to personal liberties and rights, i became more...
I was looking for a dreamy young woman, capable of deep and strong  feelings, vulnerable, non-materialistic, deep and contrary to superficiality. Sweet. Humanistic. Somewhat intellectual rather than...
Hi. First of all, I'd like to advice you to take the MBTI test with certified professional, who will explain you what each question means, and will help you to find the true aswers which really fit...
Hello friends. I add the Spades Questionnaire. Maybe it'll be easier for you.   1. Click on this link: Flickr: Explore! Look at the random photo for about 30 seconds. Copy and paste it here, and...
Hi. This lady is most probably an NF. I would say INF.
Thanks for your help. I've just finished reading the inferior functions. I've found your idea of type determination as smart and helpful.  Well. I guess it's still not easy. I've found a bit of...
Dear friends. I'm some kind of NF but it's been years I can't figure it out. I thought about either ENFJ or ENFP. Would you please be so kind to help ? The questionnaty is done on the sticky...
Dear Friends. It's been years I can figure out somebody else's type but not my own. Would you please be so kind?  1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type?  I'm sure I'm...
:laughing:I don't want to be an INFJ, I want to know what I am, to know better what jobs are the best for me, and now myself better. I'm going to read ENFJ, ISFJ, ESFJ and INFJ profiles, and write...
Thank you very much, Penchant, for your attention.  1. When working on a project where do you place your emphasis? the process of putting it together? or the final product? (Do you experiment with...
Hey, Penchant, sorry to remind, what what you suggest to help me to find out?  I can also add, that at all student jobs (fast food) I've been criticised for an excessive talk and little lack of...
Thank you, for your help. Seriously, I'd like so much to find out
I've paid 5 bucks for this test. I've found it's questions more close to reality, than other tests I've done   Personality Questionnaire Results  Congratulations, you're an ENFJ !  That's an...
What about the fact that at all jobs I've been criticised for lack of concentration, for being head-in-the-clouds and excessive chat with colleagues? Doesn't it contradict to ISFJ's profile? Do...
But what about the fact, that I've scored NF at the last test? See my previous post. ISFJ are well oriented at the material world and I imagine, they are never clumsy and know good the combination of...
Hi.  I've scored  1st step (first characteristic is the strongest one, and than the weaker one etc):  1)Strategic skills 2)Diplomatic 3)Logistical 4)Tactical
I have read it word by word, especially analysing Ni. But, for me it is impossible to say, which function I use. I read, and see a little bit of everything in me. Maybe there are specific...
Just to be sure.  1. When working on a project where do you place your emphasis? the process of putting it together? or the final product? (Do you experiment with your perspectives to create ideas?...
Hi, everyone. I desperately want to know my MBTI type, but in our city there is no experts and/or it's too expensive (like 1000euros) to get to know your type. I believe, it will allow me to handle...
Hi everyone,  I tried to find out what is my type for more than 1 year, but I failed. Hope, some people around here will help me. I was born in USSR, now living in France.'"


265: 'ENFJ with a concussion: A Case Study. :dry:  Modes of operation basically limited to locating the nearest tylenol, sleeping, and feels. Can I have my coherency back please?
According to this test, I should know about 27,300 words. Now if only it really seemed that way when I talk, that'd be something. :tongue:
I love hugs, but I'll mostly refrain from them if I don't think they're welcome. I had an INFJ (or maybe INTJ) friend in high school that I didn't think liked the hugs I gave her before class, so I...
Feeling vaguely melancholic but vaguely hopeful. So.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQeRf30FqqE
crazyeddie- Thing is, she is very concerned about pleasing other people- the sort of EXFJ 'hostess personality' I mentioned- but has blatantly expressed to me that she does so for her benefit. I've...
Ohhh, the type differences between my mom and dad make themselves known. Just wrote a post that kinda relates with this, so RANDOM RANT sorry. :blushed:  For an XNTP, my dad has a really well...
I agree with crazyeddie. It sounds more like an ENFJ-INTJ problem than Feelers-Thinkers problem. Those issues actually sound like the issues that come up between my mother and her Fi, and the rest of...
My roomie just called counseling services for me, because I can't bring myself to. She got an answering machine the first time around, and then pledged I WILL GET YOU AN APPOINTMENT EVEN IF IT MEANS...
You wonder why I like today. 20 years single. You wonder why I like today. It's a good question. I'm a skeptic of love. Nothing can be more selfish. Nothing can be more selfless. I had a kiss...
I looked at my last few posts in the ENFJ subforum and jeez, I'm being such a downer. COME ON, SELF, POSITIVITY DAMMIT.
A bullet list because I'm pretty sure my brain is currently gelatinous gloop. Oh, the effects of college.  Dear ISTPs,  -I've been lurking your forum and keep almost-posting but then not -You're...
Remember the good old Jumping rope days When motion ruled There was nothing to say You didn't care Words didn't compare To the ideals that would take wing there  One, Two Measure your dues
I've been through something similar, with friends calling me 'cute', putting me into a sort of 'little sister' role in the group of friends, and underestimating me in various ways... bubbly or cute...
Edit: Deleted. :l I think I just need a good sulk.
Might as well be a little more lucid as to my particular interests, since I'm declaring the major- geology. Double major, actually, geology and music. Still can't be any more specific about the...
you are a thinker  Your cautiousness, appreciation of functionality, and imagination combine to make you a THINKER.  You have a vivid capacity for imagery that allows you to see beyond your...
Jawz- thanks for the advice but that's not really what's happening in this situation ^^; I figured out for myself why she's not been voicing it. There are some people being mean to her but she...
I'm getting really frustrated at an ENFJ friend of mine. So she's been sorta sulking a lot lately, she'll be offended by something and not admit it, stuff like that. She's trying to quench it for the...
30411  On the feminine side, somewhat.
PeaceOfMind- I considered pursuing counseling as well, but for basically the same reasons you've stated I decided it wasn't for me. I'm still studying psychology, but with the end goal of...
Thank you both! I'll clarify a bit- the field is in earth science.  Falling Leaves- thanks for the advice on Fe and not letting self-perception get in the way. You hit the nail on the head as to...
The song reminds me of four guys, all at different times mind you, so I don't suppose it was the one who got away, they just kept on repeatedly slipping through my fingers, for various reasons. I...
A few questions. Or you can just discuss ENFJs in science professions. (Input from ESFJs would be awesome as well since I'm ExFJ)  To explain: I may be presenting on a theory at a conference. I...
It's been a while... mostly because I've started school but also because I just haven't had anything to say on here. For a while. I'm getting over a recent drop in mood. Luckily, as I said school...
Just GUESS what episode of what TV show I just watched. Wishing I knew how to turn off my Fe. It hurts.
...was wrong about the whole emotionally well-equipped to handle week alone thing. Back is better but I'm not. Fell back to square one, and quickly. Going to my college's counseling office some time...
Whining about physical ills. Again. My back is killing me again. It's not as bad as the first time it went wrong, when I couldn't walk straight without almost collapsing from pain (and ended up...
Just going to apologize upfront for any gross generalizations. And the length... :blushed: And clarify that the trends relating to types as I'm describing them is mostly retrospective- looking at...
I agree with Jawz and Etherea, the easiest (and best) way to figure it out would be to get him to take an MBTI test, and then discuss the results with him.  At the least, I agree with knittigan...
My sleep problems seemed to have lessened/gone away this past semester, but since break started they seem to have returned full force. My insomnia is back pretty full force, I'm averaging about 3 or...
Sometimes I wish I could get back into that INFP head space that I used to have. That huge and interesting internal world, like I could step into my imagination. It was a much darker place at times...
Storming out does not impress me. You threatening all the same things all over again does not impress me. Does not scare me.  Maybe if you just occasionally had something positive to say about me...
Hope everyone is as cozy as I am.  http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lwslzlomUJ1qeboqr.jpg  Happy holiday-celebration-of-your-choosing-or-not, PerC! :proud:
Note to self: two glasses of wine in one half hour = too much. Good thing I just get giggly and sing-y when I'm tipsy, I suppose. In the spirit of Christmas and whatnot.  Additionally: Brother's...
Smiling. Lots of smiling. Or maybe not smiling. I may be off, but ENFJs seem the least able to mask themselves, so if there's a lot of emotion on their face, a lot of the time, probably ENFJ. ...
I agree that it's probably an Fe-Ni thing. Honestly, I think my INFJ friends do it more often than I do, so maybe it's at it roots an Ni thing. Gathering information.  Personally, I may stare for...
I used that bit of me that knows how to use my attention and affection, or withholding said attention or affection, to manipulate people tonight and now I feel SO BAD ABOUT IT. It helped salvage a...
Oh, huh. I actually have a few sensory processing disorders too. Tactile, and one that I don't remember the name of... something about not being able to sense where I am in space the correct way....
Dear ENFP roomie,  Thank you for being so chill. That is why we work. You keep me from panicking, I keep you from accidentally sleeping through classes. I always feel a little bad because I think...
When you sometimes don't actively try to make others feel good or feel better, but apparently do so anyways When you literally can't help but smile or laugh at something (or generally can't not...
Random thing. I really like the internet phrases ALL THE FEELS and that jpeg how do I hold all these feels. I'm involved in fandom quite a lot, so I tend to have a lot of feels about characters,...
Mainly Wally West. I think E(?)TP, a friend thinks I(?)FP. DISCUSS.
Dear INTJ family member,  I know you love me, but you don't express it very often, and sometimes I forget. Also, I am a person, not a thing, not one of your projects, therefore not a good subject...
If you haven't already, find a passion of yours. You don't necessarily need to feel feelings for people. I know many T types that interact with their careers or hobbies or prized possession like...
I'm curious as to how ADD and ADHD affect MBTI. Also, I'm curious to see if there is a prevalence of either among types.  I feel like ADD may influence N/S and P/J, somewhat. Our perception of...
Oh. Okay. Yowch.    It started out pretty accurate, then became horrifically inaccurate about halfway through. 'Seductive' and 'impulsive' though? Really?
oh wow! Lots of replies. Wow. Hi!  I'm a sophomore in college right now, but I haven't declared my major yet. My life and passion is music. If I could just literally live music, move in it and...
...okay, not really wild, just college-aged, still riding on the happiness of finishing exams, and very, very, VERY Fe dominant.  One of my friends has recently become obsessed with all of the MBTI...
That we're Simple Beings of Wonderful Happy Motherly Fluffiness that are thusly incapable of any cerebral pursuit. Just because I live and breathe emotions (my Fe is very dominant) does not mean I...
I'm currently recovering from depression, so this whole thread has been really interesting to me... since now, when I'm recovering, is the first time I've actually tested as ENFJ. I tested INFP the...'"


315: What arguments? There were none. You stated, but you didn't justify. All I read was a whiny rant that seemed like it was written by a frustrated 13 year old boy.
Powerful and compelling arguments! I'm sure you've convinced everyone. Pretty amazing by the way, ever thought about going into politics?
My eyes have been opened now, I see the light. It all makes sense! Ground breaking!
It's about Fe and Ni working together. Fe cares about people AND wishes for their happiness, and Ni visualizes a precise plan in order to reach that happiness goal. Basically in my case: I notice...
Tourism & Fun  France (My homeland, but I still did a lot of sight-seeing there, plenty of stuff to see.) Belgium Germany England Scotland Netherlands Switzerland Greece
Please don't do it, you'll never ever be able to get better if you kill yourself. I have no idea what you are going through, I don't know about your sufferings, but what I do know is that often it...
Pressure, coercion, or betrayal? No way, I would never do that. Surely some ENFJs would, but they'd have to be on the dark side of the force, if you see what I mean.
Life is Strange, great game so far, love it.
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/d7/80/9c/d7809cb9ea7c501e5aa34072eca09107.jpg  http://www.ohthosetwinks.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/post-20251-0-86791500-1360945950.jpg ...
ESFJs get such a bad rep on this forum. They are capable of kindness and cruelty just like any other type, albeit in a different way. Sure, I know one or two real life examples of the stereotypical...
Can I recommend french poets? If so :  Baudelaire Rimbaud Verlaine Mallarmé  Intense stuff.
Flawless   http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/coasting.gif  Fabulous ...
Slytherin pride type 3 go!   Type 1 Ravenclaw - piscesfish Gryffindor - Thymic  Type 2 Slytherin - living dead Ravenclaw - Sharkcorn
Lol, of course they do. They better make it fast before the excitement of it all drops and people move on to the next hype cool obsession.
Would the Black Widow or the Mantis be good spirit animals for Feminazism?
Ok so it might be legal, but you will need mink and a 50 cm fan.
At what temperature was the body cremated? This is a very important detail.
Yup, read that one. It was one of the first books that really scared me too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84LUpG6ieis
It's because ENFJs use Fe-Ni and ESFJs use Fe-Si. Both types have a different relationship with reality, past and traditions, they aren't going to judge the same way.
Well it has some gory parts. The Ten Plagues of Egypt have nothing to envy to horror movies of today.
That's the reason I mistyped as an INFJ first. It was quite hard to know where I got my energy from, because of the draining phenomena. But ultimately I realized afterwards that I got too much of a...
Yes it is. I think you just need to make sure to tell your ENFJ that you aloofness is just part of your nature and that it does not mean in any way that you don't care for them or love them enough. A...
It depends on what you mean by that. ENFJs are known to need sufficient time alone because they generally invest a great deal of energy into their relationships with people: friends and family but...
Every ENFJ is going to be interested in the human psyche to some extent, they would not be out of place in psychological studies, so you are bound to found some of them there. That said, there's a...
You are probably right in both cases, I hadn't watched the series in a while. I rewatched some bits and your typing made more sense.
http://wearelibertarians.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/Baby.jpg
I would tell you how I really feel about this, but you haven't completely cornered me yet.
;) Yes it could mean that, I have trouble understanding Fi sometimes, so it could simply indicate that Jon is more mature and healthy than Mance. I will look at him more closely from now on, to see...
Oh my, don't take what I wrote too seriously, it was just one scene in one episode. He could also be a Fi user of course. I just thought he could be Fe because he kept putting the fate of the...
I just watched the first episode of the fifth season, and now I'm quite sure Jon Snow is a Fe user and Mance Rayder is a Fi user. That whole discussion about whether or not he should bend the knee to...
Don't try pretend you don't love my Fe :tongue:    You're welcome, my dear internet pirate :wink:
If you do you are going to have to wait a month to know what happens next when you will have finished the 4th one, I think just waiting for the episodes each week would be better. Plus, I heard the...
Why do you think Laura is an Fe dom? Anyway I think it's sure she uses Si and Ne. But I'm not sure of her type.    She uses Fi for sure, I can see INFP, a very old and jaded INFP.    I see...
ENFJ  Convincing people to join a cult of koala worshippers.
Yes, I'm very motherly and protective and I act as such with my friends. When I can comfort them or help them I do it, because I love them and want them to be happy.  Having a problem with an ENFJ...
I always express my positive emotions, I don't see why I would not. Negative emotions are different, I won't go crying into the first random stranger's shoulder about my fears, problems and worries,...
I sorta dated one a few years back, there's pros and cons like everything else. He was really smart, really focused and determined too. He had a quite the strong personality and rarely doubted he was...
I guess the cult leader is a stereotype I don't fit, the very idea of being one fills me with disgust.
Female ENFJ  Masculine: 66.667 Feminine: 71.667 Androgynous: 56.667
Ha the thread lives once more!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36NnC4sgOOg   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dK1_vm0FMAU   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCFEk6Y8TmM
I love Art Nouveau, Klimt and Mucha particularly.  http://blog.flametreepublishing.com/Portals/293166/images/klimt%20the%20kiss.jpg  http://www.awesomeart.net/mucha-imperial.jpg
http://deliriumshots.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/2eiag.png
Yes, and they're not so much different from ENFJs, quite a lot of similarities, so it's no wonder that you'd think about him.
Possible, people usually type him as INFJ though. But INFJs are still Fe aux, still strong Fe users.
The best example would be Regina George from Mean Girls, ESFJ. I think the movie speaks for itself. Manipulative, two faced, enjoying tormenting others.  I think Constance Langdon from American...
http://i.imgur.com/SC12KIA.jpg  Congratulations! :D
Just wanted to point out that the fact that someone is a Fe-dom doesn't automatically makes them a good, thoughtful, considerate and caring person. I'm sure you can easily think about real life or...
I'm curious, did you mean by that that social 3s are unhealthy glory seeking douchebags? Or that the descriptions don't do social 3s justice because they describe them as unhealthy glory seeking...
I don't think someone who would come up with the Übermensch could be a Fe aux, his Fi his very much there throughout his work."


344: 'hahahahahaha. i just love my ability to read people and manipulate conversation. >:D mwahaha. it makes me feel powerful.
i hope it went over well. :D for me, when i like a guy, i try to spend time with them as much as i can. i go out of my way to see them. i smile and laugh a lot when i'm around them. in the first few...
when people are rude to me, i get EXTREMELY offended and i pretty much always fight back immediately. but if it's one of my close friends, i ignore it and sweep it under the rug. i guess i don't mind...
oops i'm a little late on the uptake, but... this has been happening to me too lately. i kind of put it in the back of my mind and focus on my lasting friendships. and i bring in new people into my...
i totally feel the same way. when i like someone, i try to talk to them ALL the time and see them as much as possible... but i'm not very outward about it. i let them do most of the work at first....
who are you you're not welcome here. jk hi. :}
talk to her as much as possible and tell her how you feel, always. make an effort to see her; she'll want you to take the initiative first. she most likely won't think you're smothering her so don't...
ah that sounds horrible. /: i'm so sorry. something like this happened to me a few years ago, via internet of course. it really traumatized me, but also kind of pushed me towards people more. it made...
i used to feel that way a lot. but now i'm surrounded by a completely different group of people and i hardly ever feel like i'm being used. i think that's what your friend needs to do. /: he seems...
1. someone who is unreliable. like if i ask them to meet me at a certain time and they're ALWAYS late. 2. someone who doesn't take my help, or appreciate my concern for them. 3. someone who isn't...
aw, no problem!
there are plenty of answers to your question here :]
a good sense of humor is extremely important to me. i mean... i laugh at a lot of things. but someone who makes me laugh will also make me happy. how could i not spend time with someone who makes me...
i have an insanely high sex drive in case you were wondering. there should be no shame in talking about sex!
appreciation, loyalty, and understanding. if someone is unfaithful to me, i will find out and immediately break up with them and not feel sorry about it. if someone doesn't appreciate me, i'll hold...
this is awesome! i think i would much rather have the ability to solve any conflict, big or small.
my boyfriend, an INFP has done lots. he's been in europe for 2 weeks but apparently he has a surprise for me when he gets back? eep. he's drawn me beautiful pictures. he's given me little gifts that...
i just take a recovery day. i sit at home and literally do nothing. i sleep in, chill out, eat whatever i want pretty much. haha. i don't leave the house. when i'm overwhelmed and have lots to do, i...
it kind of terrified me when i was a child, haha. i was easily frightened...
hi, INFPs! i just wanted to say you all inspire [ha] to become a better person each and every day. i feel so comfortable around my INFP friends; i can talk to them about anything! i'm gonna stop...
i want to be a clinical psychologist. making people happy and living to the best potential is what i breathe for. yep. :}
i'm not necessarily a thrill seeker; i have a lot of irrational fears. i think my childhood had an extreme effect on this but that's a completely different story, haha. i like doing spontaneous...
yep, i'm the opposite. i mean, i can only remember feeling that way with ONE person. it was really frustrating. but the ENFJ in me HATES conflicts so i resolved it as soon as possible. i have so many...
yep, captain america so i could touch his body ALL the time... and i can have someone to protect me i guess.
thank you so much, you guys. i'm going to try my best to be their friend but if it's too much for me to handle, i have to accept it.
i don't think you're crazy! putting yourself in a feeling zone is great for performances [acting, musical, etc]. when you're singing a song, for example, you MUST put yourself in a certain feeling...
i've tested as an ENFP and an ENFJ. my P/J is pretty much 50/50. and my S/N is fairly close, but i always test as an N
focusing on something far away is supposed to make your pupils dilated. thinking about someone you love or hate... hm. try tensing your stomach as well.
my appearance is extremely important to me! almost to the point of vanity, which i have to be careful of. you won't catch me dead in a pair of sweatpants in public. i love shopping for myself and for...
hey sorry guys i hope i'm not too annoying yet. i have two friends who are extremely unhealthy psychologically and are always demanding attention. they're never happy and feel as if no one cares...
i'm happy! and currently loling at the people who want to move to canada because of the ruling. oops.
oh goodness. this is a rare occurrence for me. i rely heavily on intuition. i just continue to talk to them. i pick up on body language and tone of speech, like everyone else has said. or i just...
yes, sometimes i feel like i think too deeply about certain things. but they're always like... meaningless. like television shows or movies for example. especially books. after finishing anything i...
is it bad that the first person who popped into my head was ellen degeneres? yes. yes it was. haha.
cuddling with someone i care about. :D
i was actually an ENFP in middle school and early high school. i really wasn't living for anything; i just took my life day by day. i definitely wasn't as plan-oriented as i am now. i like outlining...
i can read people like BOOKS. i can see their intentions, and i know when they're lying to me. does anyone else do this? and if so, what's a specific example? just the other day i helped my brother...
i have an INFP friend who absolutely loves crafts! he's always drawing something new. he loves creating, whether it be visual art or even music. yay!
i think the answer to all of those questions is simply fear: fear of the unknown. sometimes it's REALLY hard for me to step out of my comfort zone. like if i'm not completely at ease doing something...
i have. i didn't come clean. the guilt still lingers. but the way i rationalized it is... sometimes a significant other [who especially doesn't take the relationship seriously] doesn't need to know....
my friend's mom is a career counselor. she's always making appointments. she works at home. she even helped me pinpoint what i want to do! it's pretty low stress, though. she's a mother of 4 kids and...
hey we like you too! we like everyone! :D
okay okay okay with the movie theater thing, i think he was just being nice. i mean, that's what i would do in that situation with NO intentions of buying the person's sex or anything. he may be...
1. so you can learn from the experience! it may not last forever... but you'll certainly learn a lot about yourself (what you want in a relationship and who you want to be in a relationship) from it....
i'm sorry you're feeling like this. i think you need to sit down and physically WRITE your feelings out. make a list of things to do. make a list of people to see. most importantly, make a list of...
people come and go, yeah. /: but i would confront her about it. be honest about your feelings. no matter the outcome, you'll feel MUCH better about the situation after having a conversation with her,...
not gonna lie, TLC shows are my guilty pleasure. my strange addiction: watching my strange addiction. say yes to the dress? yes please. it's actually pretty embarrassing. haha.
i was always getting into mischief. i bossed my sister around to do stupid things with me, like climb the creek in our backyard. i looked up to pretty much every adult in my life. but i definitely...
career counselors find it useful! obviously, haha. my family is really into myers briggs, and so are a few of my friends. i feel like the general public wouldn't be as interested though. those who...
being a leader isn't necessarily always for a large group setting; you can be leader of only a few people. :] you don't have to picture yourself giving a lecture in front of hundreds of people, haha....'"


437: 'So, those arms of yours are nice. In that they're useful, I mean.  I, too, find small talk annoying, so I often end up just quietly observing people until I notice something useful to remark on....
Are you sure this person is an INTJ? That is HIGHLY suspect. The INTJs I know hardly EVER check in on things as in asking, are you okay? etc, and in fact, are usually totally oblivious if I'm about...
Question!  INTJs, do you often use the vocabulary: I love _______! to describe things you enjoy doing, interests you have, or favorite foods? In other words, do you often use passionate language...
I'm kinda stressed out because I'm moving to another state to begin grad school and my mom is incapable of doing anything in a way that is not the hardest way possible, but I'll probably ride in the...
INFJs INFPs INTPs INTJs ENTPs other ENFJs  I've never hit it off with Ss. I get along with them fine, but it's never been the sort of thing where I meet an S and we're both like, Hey! It's...
I've skimmed this thread, and it seems like those with the biggest beefs are:  Ps NTs Is  Which is actually a lot of ppl lol.  And the most common beef, by far, is that ESFJs are too...
Oh, come on! That was like the greatest movie. Not the new one, but the old one.  I'll start that thread at some point. You might have fun here, though:...
So kind of you to say :) I may end up demanding more INFP guys, too... I have another date with him (we'll call him K) tomorrow. Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee god, I seem to have a special skill for falling in...
But how would you know what you like via your gut if you haven't tried out many kinds of relationships and witnessed your partner's behavior (and your own) in many scenarios? Developing gut...
Right on, my friend. The more I've dated, the more I've realized that there are very few rules, and the only reason that men and women buy into any of this crap is because they lack personal...
What's sad is that I think this isn't intuitive for many women for a few reasons:  - Many women have been hurt by men who initially ply them with attention only to later win sex/emotional control...
Crushes, trauma... same for me. I still have many of the things I wrote during the end of my 5-year relationship and a nasty time of my life, and I intend to keep them. It's tough reading, but every...
I've already done a little research on this, and it seems like most people peg Jaime for an:  ISTJ INTJ  and Adam for an:  ENTP ESTP
I don't think I began consistently journaling until I was in middle or high school (when life starts to have the capacity to suck, lol) but ever since then it's been solid.  Do you still have most...
That's what I meant; INFPs... okay, according to Wikipedia, 1-5% of the population. So yeah, that's pretty rare.  I understand what you mean about women not usually appreciating warm/sensitive men....
I'm a writer, and that's one of the big reasons I write. After a period of going out in the world, having new experiences, and engaging my Se, I must come home, sit down, and write about it. It makes...
Well, I'm just now discovering the magical land of the INFP, so we'll see what happens. It's interesting, I've always been very fond on INTPs, but never though to try an F, or could find one... are...
Dude, Crono. Get selfish.   I'm serious. It's probably the smartest thing I learned how to do.  Note: selfish doesn't = thoughtless. But if you're in the middle of writing your next novel/testing...
Oh, I just ask. Actually, it's a pretty good litmus; if they're N, they'll be interested in talking about MBTI, and if they're S they won't and I probably won't want to date them. Lol.  My N is...
I'm not sure if this is the same thing, but sometimes I go on sensing binges, where I'll just want to immerse myself in physically sensual activites.  For example, if I've just spent a glorious...
I just got back from a date with INFP guy... and let me say, you guys rock my socks.  Just letting you know.
@ kiwigirl: Yay for natural childbirth! I'm years from this (haven't even been married, although I just went on a date that went pretty fantastically, if I do say so myself) but I really want to...
A cursory search isn't turning up a 5-numbered set of values, but the Greeks do like their 5s:  Classical element - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia  Platonic solid - Wikipedia, the free...
Oh man, right there with you on that. Or stepping on a Lego block. WORST pain imaginable, right in the fleshy arch of my foot. Zowie!
This is a lovely analogy. I've always thought of love as two people not needing each other for survival, but choosing to be with each other because it makes survival more fun.  I think love is a...
Career: Nah, I don't think I could hurt people for a living. I get really squeamish getting shots, and while administering them might not make me squeamish, I'd feel guilty, knowing how much anxiety...
Meh, it's the cost of keeping oneself safe. Maybe I used to be more open, but I was also way more vulnerable and volatile, like a big, delicate, squishy jellyfish that easily stings when mishandled. ...
Caution... *lets NT-self out of cage*  It's like this: A long time ago, I also used to get my feelings hurt/confused by hot-and-cold.  Then I realized my hyper-sensitivity was making everyone act...
duh duh duhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
Does this exclude casual dates? Hook-ups? Or everything?  If it's cold-turkey, I'm not sure I could do it... 0.o  I just love men.
Yup. The perks of a relationship without actually engaging in a relationship... I mean, assuming the end goal is to live in a the same house with someone for 50+ years and spend the majority of your...
Crono may have been playing a game himself with that one :)  But in all seriousness, there's nothing wrong with creating intrigue. In fact, telling a person everything about yourself the first time...
I think we covered the being-so-stubborn-that-they're-unable-to-see-any-other-side issue?  For my ex, it was when he admitted he'd been battling depression but refused to seek help, claiming it was...
A significant number of men who've had unmitigated infatuations for me have been ENFPs... so maybe try an ENFJ? I find the J/P contrast enjoyable; he spontaneously decides we should take a weekend...
No, you're right, I wouldn't particularly find that offensive. In fact, it seems wise to me to consider many possibilities before deciding on the best course of action. I think it can be problematic...
How have your recent relationships turned out when you were in close proximity to the person?
Okay! I'll give it a shot.  For me, these were healthy kinds of love. Healthy meaning that they didn't make me feel unhappy, and that they enriched my life more than complicated it:  - The love...
I think the lack of respect for each other's personal strengths is the biggest barrier to a healthy ENFJ/INTJ relationship. Although my INTJ ex and I were able to tackle projects successfully...
I can't speak for Crono, but for myself personally, I think MANY types of people are guilty of disregarding the context of another person's life. Because we can't ever really know what someone else...
Yes, I think that would really erode their defenses...
This happens to me all the time! It's like... I just get flashes of insight.   Ex 1: I'm haunting Salvation Armies for a coffee table. I see a pretty nice one, pretty cheap, but don't buy it. I...
You said it, sister!
I totally wanted to do this once. I was so pissed off! He was like I will NOT apologize for something I did in your dream... or didn't do, dammit!  Ex 1: I dreamt that I was looking through a...
Hm. My dad is INTP and my mom is ESFJ, and I've spent forever trying to figure out what he sees in her... they seem to be opposites in every way (and ARE in MBTI Land). They care for each other and...
LOL. If only that would sandblast the irrationality out of my ESFJ mom and not her physical body... because I love her, still.  Here are my best coping tactics. These are terrible and make me seem...
Dad- INTP Mom- ESFJ Me- ENFJ  Now, I think it's worth pointing out that I'm fairly balanced in I/E, J/P, and even F/T... I've tested ENFP and INTP before, although mostly ENFJ. Something I have...
Yes! Actually, I just thought about this-- maybe because ENFJs pride themselves so much on their ability to build people up, it really offends us to see others who seem to pride themselves on their...
I think the greatest hallmark of an ENFJ is that they make you feel immediately at ease and appreciated for being exactly who you are, and seemingly with no great effort on their part.  I'm an ENFJ...
I'm the same. And I, too, like thinking that I'm not easily defined. It seems paradoxical, because I have a very strong sense of who I am, but if someone asked me to explain it, I wouldn't have...
I noticed this with my old INTJ boyfriend. If I wanted to try something new, like adding paprika to our scrambled eggs or trying out swing dancing lessons, he acted like I was asking him to dismember...'"


448: 'Me too... but sometimes it works. But I keep forgetting it D). No, seriously: it only works when I do it purposefully, because when I start rambling it's mostly too late to stop it.
And that's even more recognisable. I can't handle too much people on one day. Even if I keep it superficial. It's exhausting. But you can practise it. Once somebody told me in the middle of an...
Ha ha, D). That's so recognisable!
And I did today, and she understood and it helped :))
And I did today, and she understood and it helped :))
Try this one: how about trying to like yourself? It works for me (at least sometimes;)
Yeah I think my boss is willing to allocate me to a more suitable role, but only to a certain degree I think. It's time to talk about it with her.
Just keep on rambling please, it really comforts me. I recognise a lot, for example about being buried in details and can't handle it. My boss said to me You have to do more with less. Right now I'm...
Don't know if there's any comfort in this, but I so totally understand by being frozen inside. I feel the same at the moment and I think your right about the dealing with the emotional stress. It's a...
The weird thing is that when I let go I become highly uninterested and not caring about anything anymore..
I really envy you. I feel totally disconnected but it's not okay. Definively not. I play my part and nobody knows how miserable I am.
Today an 8, tomorrow 5. Depends on my mood and degree of anxiety...
Well, I certainly do not. But I tend to lean toward ENFP... And as someone else said: we can be quite lonely. The giving thing can be quite exhausting btw, esp. when there is little returning back....
:crazy:
Today I felt totally frustrated. Instead of doing the nice part of my job (connecting with people, inspire eachother and giving) I had to work at home whole day filling out excellsheets, doing...
Close your eyes: I give you a soft pillow to lay your head on that takes all the noises away. Let it all go :).  Your beautiful avatar shows so much colour, you have so much to give, it's only...
OK. Well put! And I agree.
??
Intriguing, bit a bit scary ;). Does make me curious though.
The stupid thing is that you kind of expect a reward the next day, but today started again with anxiety :(. Guess it's all part of the process...  btw: I'm curious about the meaning your avatar.
Thank you so much :)). You're absolutly right about the mental gain. And that it doesn't take long. You just don't realize is when you're in the middle of an anxiety attack. Today I totally flipped;...
Question: I agree that I have to take it at a pace I can handle (small steps), but what's a small step? I always  seems (without intention!) take steps to for too big (talking about it too much,...
I wasnt totally sure yet if I am an ENFJ but now I read this I must be! It's certainly harder to figure out what I want then figure out what other people want. You have to love yourself first though,...
Hi again, I recognize a lot. As a matter of fact: everything. The fear itself (for me: that I will be this way for the rest of my life and if that's so, I don't want to live) is the worst part. And...
You certainly have a point in that the anticipation of trying triggered the panic attack(s)! Thank you for that insight. And also thanks for your remarks about that basically all techniques are the...
Hi Happy about nothing, I try not to fight; that's the whole point of this strategy, not fight, flight or freeze but accept! Accept is one of the most difficult things for me to do because it makes...
Today was a shitty day because I tried the AWARE (see: Overcoming Panic Attacks: A Five Step Response) approach more than 20 times to overcome my anxiety attacks. Yeah, that's the plan: you have to...
Pff, this is heavy. I'm an ENFJ and I certainly recognise emotional explosions like this (and the apologizes aftewards). When I snap, my boyfriend reacts mostly calm and logical and in the beginning...
Agree! Sometimes a emotional outburst can be quite effective. But certainly not all the time ;)
:)))  here 's another one 79969
Thanks, this means a lot to me :). I give so much to other people, and experience so little giving from other people. Is really comforts me! More pictures you can find on my blog Anxiety girl (my...
Thanks. We are together for almost 30 years now, so there must be something good;). No seriously: we do have the same taste in an lot of things like films (and I do like a film once in a while, but...
Well, I'm an manager, mentor and coach at the moment, so maybe this is the right job for me after all. I like to help people found out what there best at and stimulate them to do that :)
Thanks. I never find answers rubbish because I always appreciate people for trying. The case is that I only have a few friends and they were all on vacation. I have a job and he doesn't so he is used...
I'm curious: what kind of job fits an ENFJ?
I totally understand. Don't understand me wrong, I have a relationship, but the need to chat privately I do have too. The forum is mostly too overwhelming for me. And as I understand correctly:...
I recognise all of it. Mostly I feel/am different from a lot of people around me and this forum really comforts me.  An issue I'm working on is to speak out loud (say what I have to say) in groups...
sorry, double post. See other post with Quote.
I'm somewhere in the middle but I think my anxiety overshadows my E. I'm still not used to being different, for example at work. I need a save environment to speak out loud. I'm curious if you...
Hi, My boyfriend is INTJ and stays 99% of his time indoors, not needing other people. After almost two weeks of vacation I went beserk. I always have to go out alone, my few friends are not available...
I recognise that! At work I had an emotional outburst and some people became very quiet (it's not common to react so strongly). Afterwards 3 of them came to me say I was so right in every aspect en 2...
Thanks. I'm also a little bit introvert, but I think that's because of my anxiety. My boyfriend feels very underappreciated, but he (INTJ!) just isn't enough for me now. I don't like to be so...
79499storms in my head
79498
Today was my 6th day without much (real) contact with other people it really depresses me. It makes me feel lonely and I think that is because there's nobody to give to. I can easily like and give to...
I recognise being indirect. It's almost imposible for me to say directly what I want or need. Simply because I don't know exactly. I'm a giver not a taker ;), can't that be the explanation?  When we...
Be glad that people see how you feel. I can feel shit and (except my partner because he knows me very well) and nobody notice.  I consider it as a burden that nobody sees anything so they think I'm...
To add to this: sometimes I have serious arguing with my partner because I have compassion for everybody, even when that person has hurt another person badly..
Yes that makes sense. When I translate this to my work: I always do things on time, but nobody knows how much stress it causes to do so.
I recognise almost all of it! And about never been angry: I wish I could sometimes; you can give too much! The only part I'm not certain about is that when I'm not communicating with people that I...'"


518: 'oops double post
Funny how MBTI pigeon holes everyone and turns things into a hate fest. There's no way you can make sense of anything that you analyze at face value, it's errors like this that you have the idea of...
Am i reading things wrong? or is this like..y'know? *Edit* oh nvm i see D: , i thought it was an error
Funny i had an english assignment due like last friday and i handed it in this friday. I've never handed anything so late before-good thing there was another ENFJ that procrastinated like me :D. And...
I don't agree with MBTI type population stats. I think all types are around equal, source: Socionic Type Distribution Statistics  Despite it being socionics, it's still very relevant  Then...
My grandpa's....or was it my moms. Aside from the jars...sometime my mom would teach me these chinese poem things about flowers falling-and i would recite them whenever i BEAT the flowers >:D
My ESTP brother and I broke all the jars and pots containing plants, took out the roots and the flowers-threw them downstairs. Then we scattered all the dirt on the carpet-it was a lot of fun...
Lol cheating is bad, but i'm one to say =D. I've cheated countless times in math, however when i bring in the notes with small handwriting on a slip of paper.  I feel like i don't need to cheat at...
All the other songs make me feel weird, lighten up the mood mannn   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4-fJAYDR18
Great post niff, i have love-hate relationships with my beta buddies too :).
That moment was only significant because it hurt, if it didn't hurt i probably wouldn't have remembered...and the clock was right infront of me :(
Yes it's very inaccurate to be typing people based off pictures, (most people in socionics forum agree). But what does work is typing people based off first time encounters (in real life) because you...
I LOL'ed when i read this, it reminded me of the time June 12, 2011 8:02 am in the washroom where i was checking my face and then i ran smack right into the sides of the door when going out face...
Despite Aestrivex being like my wat-conflictor? I agree with him since I do sometimes get lost in your post @_@. If you were explaining some other topic to an ISTJ even with all the disorganization,...
It's assumed that it's a MBTI forum since the most popular theory in N.A is MBTI, but since it's a personality cafe/forum-every kind of theory can be introduced and discussed. It's not like every...
Lol sorry ><, i have no clue what that meant but what i'm left with now is...How can something from chance make something that can reproduce something orderly? It's like you form a tornado and you...
Response to the question: Chicken > egg any day  Derail: I'm not the brightest when it comes to evolution, i've been told about the primordial soup and the aminoacids, proteins, DNA and how it...
Lol talk about games, i like =D  When it comes to shooters, i don't like FPS i like TPS like SD gundam Capsule fighter..like best game evarr? FPS gives me motion sickness, similar to Mine Craft ...
1. Can you type without looking at the keyboard? Ya definitely 2. Do you use all 10 fingers while typing? I've seen some people typing with their index fingers. O_O I don't use my pinkies ever lol...
Dam i feel awful for the OP  In your case.. Your love for her defeats your strong convictions..And, like a man to double business bound, I stand in pause where i shall first begin.  By Claudius...
Ye   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1jccwpNuE8
x93His master replied, x91Well done, good and faithful servant! You have been faithful with a few things; I will put you in charge of many things. Come and share your masterx92s happiness! (Matthew 25:21)...
Lol my math teacher had those moments, he would accidentally say the f-bomb in front of his kid while the wife was arguing with him. And y'know how all kids love to learn words, so the kid would be...
Dam you guys make such insightful posts, really gets me thinking about a lot of things. I wish i could be just as insightful :).  Sela omg 4 days till the meet up? I could just picture you ISTj's...
I believe he was making a joke.  Arinn made a claim, to which Sela asked for a source, as if to say that any thing that is to convince an ISTJ requires a source, playing on irony.  Of course,...
Holly crap man, after 2 weeks of posting my original statement i realized that I've typo'd the T as an F in an ISFP. And i've also noticed that some people posted before my post to their question,...
Mann y'know sRae is full of it when it comes to fantasizing, remember the unicorns thread. Gee that's some MAD fantasizing there, takes skill to do some of that. Now for the question, i think sensors...
Another tourettes guy video, viewer's discretion is advised >>   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20ZwrZ1Dm6c
WElll, that's a start XD
Pops said that as you get older, you start to lose friends. You forget your elementary school friends, then goes your highschool friends, you get university friends-op you have kids, focus too much...
Lol i love ISTJ's, very blunt and funny. From what I've heard people has said this about them:  -They are sometimes found watching paint dry. (not in a literal sense but can be, just means they're...
Y'know normally as asians, we have that crease on our eyelids when we open them up rite? For me I'm too lazy to open my eyes so there's no crease/fold, also usually when I'm thinking about something...
Does awesome also mean retarded :D? *Warning* contains coarse language*   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqtr_RvR3sY
1. Sometimes I feel like the only one who cares. Yes i do care about things that the common won't care about. Other than that I don't care about a lot of things, too many i can't remember or...
I would second that :)
My friends say i can't chillax no matter how hard i try, but for me I'd say the outdoors too. I love nature, i like fish but i don't like the disgusting smell X.X.   P.S I never some ISTJ's could...
What the frick lol, I see ENFJ's every now and then around my area. They're not as uncommon as you think, people just have to be great at typing. I met this one like 2 days ago for an interview,...
I just noticed 666 thanks o.o, someone ruin it :D
A typical day at school would be like this for me: Ionno about other F men, probably different...  -Not laugh when other people are laughing-since they're idiotic -Only laugh when someone puts me...
/offtopic   I'm not too familiar with using Si in MBTI terms since it's quite different or used another way but sorry if there's any misunderstandings since all the dynamics/object/processes/things...
It's hard to explain here since it comes from another model but long story short. Factual information --> Invalidation of factual information = (from a Te type -some ISTj's apply here) stubbornness,...
Even making someone's happy can be a huge accomplishment, you never know when it's someone's last straw before they fly off the roof D:
If it's something that I have no frigging clue about the matter or where someone responds in an absurd way- then I'll back down. But if it's something I'm very knowledgeable and passionate about, I...
Ya definitely care, some web browsers provide additional security services  Search Engine: Google or Google Chrome, just used to it Web Browser: Firefox 4.0 > Internet Explorer>Everything else
1. In nature 1 + 1 can = 3 (or a bagillion) 2. Life is too short to think/worry/or doubt 3. Knowing the types of people before hand can make be feel angst or giddy 4. GN drives from gundam 00 can...
Obviously haven't seen* you. But you remind me of this asian guy who's only from church, haven't really talked to him too much so it helps to have an idea of what he could be. Hmm he's...
Do any of you have a family day once a week? I remember back then we would have family meetings to discuss things-for eg. going on a vacation or trip. Ummm sometimes my mom would bring all 3 of us...
Haha i cheated, i knew blue would be out voted :). From my previous thread most ISTj did pick blue so...:confused:
Also 17 and turning 18 near the end of June :wink:
welcome to my world ^ ^'"


540: 'Yes, I have gone completely cold hearted towards people that earned that from me
I'm a heavy introvert, yet everyone at work loves me. I talk to poeple all the time and I will often times engage in conversation with those I work with.  However I cannot wait to get home and be...
Filled it out =) Good luck on your project!!!
I would think INFJ would be the most thinking feeler, in all truth infp is the most NF of the NFs haha  I had this after thought.  INFJs are the NTs of NFs INFPs are the NFs of NFs ENFPs are...
Very good question =)!!  I do this a lot, Ill word phrases and even conversations to point towards who I am on the inside.
I was thinking isfp as well
Words of affirmation followed closely by quality time
Being a F dom type doesn't mean we can't Think  Feeling doms are going to be passionate about things. Thinking doms in contrast are going to keep a detached preference.  The thing about infps in...
My favorite feeling in the entire world is when I'm sitting at the piano and its just me and music, the world fades away and for a moment... just a moment of time I get to share with the world...
I'm the one who reaches out to you, to your heart I'm the one who gets tears in his eyes when listening to music I'm the shy, reserved one who almost seems too friendly  I'm the guy that will...
Immortality along with time travel
I wish I was born in the middle ages, or perhaps the age of exploration when Europe was just about to discover the Americas. Being apart of a world that was still very much unknown just sounds...
Blue!
A close friend of mine is an INTJ girl, we have a love/hate relationship going on most of the time though xD
Step down from your high tower and join us commoners on the ground =)
Normally I don't like parties but one seems okay =)
I love knowledge but I seek wisdom
This happen so much ><  You know your an INFP when your mentors and teachers are the characters in books.   When by the end of highschool you read every fiction book in your schools library. ...
You know I'm close to you when I take off the silent serious shell and have you live the adventure with me =)
My friends always thing I'm high on something, but I don't need drug to be crazy hahaha :crazy:
I turn into the life of the party and people love haha.
Most people emotions are a calm day at the beach. Some waves, once in a while things can get unpleasant.   INFP emotions are riding three story high waves that take us higher than the world us...
The Pendragon books are by far my most favorite childhood series.  As of now I enjoy anything by Brent Weeks the most
Its my most used medium for talking to my friends, as far as being interested in wall posts and updates I could care less.
My voice goes pretty monotone and I stop focusing on you
It takes a special effort for me and ESTJs to get along
ESTJ Stepfather ENFP Mother ISTJ Father
The lost child resonates with me, despite being the first child. I always felt very very stressed around my parents and did everything I could to escape.
The pain you feel for someone stepping on you won't go away. It hurts to make them stop too, but you'll feel better after it's said and done.
30/36 That was fun
I love intj women, I'm trying to date one as we speak =D
Never once resorted to cutting myself, I let my misery express itself through my music. As well my joy =)
I think its normal, happens to me a lot actually. I'll go out on a date with a girl and find out she doesn't hold what I value of equal importance and then I lose all romantic interest in her. I...
Anything medieval or Victorian haha   As far as fiction goes,  Lotr starwars =D the inheritance cycle  tron would be pretty fun  harrry potter  Basically if it has magic count me in
Yeah... Its not their fault though. Our co-workers just don't understand we don't need a lot of words exchanged or a prolonged conversation. We are perfectly fine working in silence =)
INFP  I really liked Luna and snape
48% :shocked:
No Iv always been a heavy introvert, I sometimes wish I was more extroverted though
Around my other introverted friends I'm usually the chatterbox or at least try to start a conversation but once any one of my more talkative friends enters the scene or I go spend time with them I...
Following: Getting a degree in psychology and using it help people let go of their pain. Continue my life long love of playing the piano and someday sharing the gift of music with others.     ...
From what I'm seeing you come across as an INFP. Here are some reasons why   -You mentioned your feelings eleven times which points to a strong Fi. *I'v quoted some of your answers with the...
I just graduated high school(2013) and I'v never been happier. From about 4th grade to 10th I was bullied a whole lot by my classmates. I was that really quiet shy kid who liked video games and band...
Nope thats not strange I took karate classes and I loved it! Been a while since then but I do play paintball competitively
Id give it a 5, the beginning I could relate too about the small child and I enjoyed the white room and how it progressed and got darker and more clouded as his life went on. Almost like the...
The descriptions at best are stereotypes of a type. Its better to focus on which functions you use rather than the description of the type.
Every since playing Morrowind back in the day I have had a deep love for its theme! Definitely my theme song =D   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJD-Ufi1jGk
Something Iv been told my group of friends that use to smoke with me, We like to see you high, you show us a little more of that crazy world you live in.:wink: While on Indicas I'm pretty silly...
You sound like an INFP
Thanks for sharing :happy:
*** I do not share this thinking I providing new information, but a plea for reevaluation of self** When I joined this forum, I did so after taking a types test over the course of two years. My test...'"


590: 'Explain?
Aurelion Sol is ESTJ
It's categorization based on personality. Grow up and stop belittling others for talking about personality on a personality forum.
Well I don't know why your ego would side with INFJ as both types have equal merit, though I suppose the intuitive bias is rather embedded in most discussions on MBTI, so I don't blame you.   I...
ISFJ: Past oriented/focused, nostalgic, often traditional, applying past experiences to the present, security is often of great importance.  INFJ: Future oriented/focused, ambitious, tendency to...
Said the Baby Boomer to the Gen Z :stomp:
Oh please stop being so hostile about the correctness of pseudoscientific nonsense and go outside or something.
Actually, K-pop is the best thing that has happened to music since the renaissance era. In fact, Jesus Christ himself said in the scriptures My one wish for human-kind is for music to be as boppin'...
Well, based on what you've written here, I see no evidence of self-absorption whatsoever. Quite the contrary, you seem almost too thoughtful and considerate for your own good to me. You may want to...
Steve- ISTJ Caitlin- ENFJ Alisha- ESTJ Emmeline- ENFP  Emilia- INFP Emma- INFJ Andrew- ESTP Adrian- ESTP Kyle- ENTP Andreas- ENTJ
MBTI has essentially pigeonholed me and subsequently resulted in an artificial manifestation of my personality, but now that I take it less seriously, that is much less of a problem, and I am slowly...
I love this one, it's essentially an argument between an ENTP (Rin) and an ESTJ (Len), very aptly named Childish War.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pywNi6gD1FA
I cannot see them having any massive correlation. Besides introversion and extroversion; thinking/feeling, sensing/intuitive, and perceiving/judging are not mutually exclusive traits, whereas in the...
I should clarify that my arrogance rarely manifests in a haughty demeanor. I can be domineering at times, but my sense of self-importance most often seems more patronizing than conceited, if that...
This is why I thought I was an Fi-dom for a while. Admittedly, I have a bit of a superiority complex (I simultaneously hate myself, but that's another story lmao), and I feel quite guilty saying that...
For me, I think I may seem a bit dim not because of inferior Ti alone, but I think it can also largely be attributed to dominant Fe. If I don't know information like the back of my hand, I will...
Any assessment of personality of somebody already diagnosed with a personality disorder should be taken with a grain of salt if at all.
Cunning ≠ Intelligence  Thread/  I would think NJs, mostly NTJs
Mary Crawley (Downton Abbey)
I am screaming
I like to be a leader in the sense that people look up to me/treat me well/consider me superior to others, but I wouldn't consider myself a power seeker since my motivation is not to have control.
ESTP  MTL likely to try some gross sounding food like frog legs or something?
9w8 :rolleyes::hotneko::concern:  4w3 :cheerful::apthy::dispirited:  7w6 :typingneko::moon::star:
The first one is lovely because it reminds me of flowers and custard and the second one is hideous because it reminds me of Mcdonalds and construction :p
Yellow can be lovely or hideous.   Exhibit A: http://40.media.tumblr.com/3dc7c053e555e165329a77e726cc7f5b/tumblr_nn0nmpXJIO1qzzelmo1_1280.png  Exhibit B:...
I don't particularly understand it either, but I would assume it has a lot to do with rooting for a particular team. I mean, if you have a strong desire for one team to win, then you will get excited...
It is very difficult, but also very rewarding, to consistently look pleasant and approachable.
Yes, absolutely. In friendships too, I need to constantly know, somehow, that they like spending time with me or else I begin to think the complete opposite. Worst part is I know how absurd and...
Epicureanism, in theory.
My best friend is an ISFJ. We get along quite well most of the time, but sometimes I get frustrated because he refuses to open up to me. He also never does anything he doesn't want to which is...
Chanel Oberlin from Scream Queens, I believe, is an ENFJ, and she could technically be considered both an anti-hero and an anti-villain, though mostly the former.
For some reason Hastur from Nyaruko-san is the first character that comes to mind for me
Holy shit... this is me.  I love how this basically just called me fake af and im just like  https://media.giphy.com/media/10YndorsmacLSM/giphy.gif
gay
Angel Beats! Yuri is arguably ENTJ  EDIT: Yuri isn't THE protagonist, though she is a main character. The protagonist of Charlotte is often typed as ENTJ, though I can't testify to this as I...
My situation is very unfortunate... I have rbf, but when people approach me I am very friendly and smile and everything (which is authentic); the problem is that as soon as our conversation ends,...
Don't female ENFJs often fall into the mean girl trope?
Kitty23  I relate to both of your Fe descriptions above, and I was thinking about how I show a lot of Se and I'm wondering if I could be an ENFJ in a Fe/Se loop... I've just done some research on...
This is actually really good advice. :encouragement:
What resonates with me I've made red, and what I know is not accurate for me I've made purple. I used to identify as ISFP, but there's something about my Fi that feels unnatural. I'm starting to...
Fe vs Fi test   1.Are you more about people and social connections” (Fe)? Or personal values, authenticity and identity” (Fi)? Fe  2.Do you believe that individual development is important, but...
I thought of Chad as a very stupid Ne dom with the way he keeps changing his idea of who the killer is, but I didn't put much thought into in his typing. I agree with you.  I don't see Si in...
You took a bite from the apple, Adam But I was not your Eve So if you grab me by the ankle I’ll kick you in the teeth
I pretty much play whatever my friends play. Right now that's League of Legends, Star Wars Battlefront, and GTA V. I want to start playing Kingdom Hearts again, but I'm too lazy to take my PS4 down...
Hello Venus:  Alice: ENFP Lime: ENTP Nara: ISFJ Yooyoung: ISFP Seoyoung: INFJ Yeoreum: ESxP
Fiestar:  Cao Lu: ENFJ Jei: ESFP Yezi: ISTJ Hyemi: ESFJ Linzy: INFP
I kind of regret making my username my real name... can I change to astrolamb please?
Assuming they're corresponding...  Easy-going (FJ)  Softie- ISFJ Optimist- ESFJ Buddy- ENFJ Dreamer- INFJ  Independent (IP)
Those all sound awesome (I've tried chamomile and peppermint and I loove them)!!  About the girl in my avatar...  http://49.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m41aygNfBB1r15uyio2_r4_250.gif  Okay, now I'm...
*screams into the void* NOTHING  Just kidding. It means that, according to that test, Ni is most likely your dominant function and you seem to be more of a thinker than a feeler. Hence, INTJ.'"


615: 'Nice vent!
Parenting Styles to a fault:  SJs - Their rigidness and coercion will make you want to question if they really love you, or just love the control factor.  SPs - They will probably runaway from...
My mother is an ISTJ and dad is ISFP. My dad gets really emotionally frustrated by her cold logic and practicality sometimes and so do I!!  For ISTJs out there - figure out a half way with the...
It's interesting all ENFJs here have very similiar sentiments about their relationship with ISTJs.  Did you know that the ESTJ and ISTJ have opposite cognitive functions to ENFJs?  I had an ESTJ...
Why would you bottle them up??
My first love was an ISFJ. We dated for about 3 years... They are amazing. I think, especially with ENFJs, they can really take care of your needs, and we can give them the love and appreciation...
I think Hulk is ESFP. This is because I have seen two (male and female) ESFPs get super pissed off. They will punch through walls. It is a site to behold!! (run for your lives...)  On a second...
Since Agent Coulson reveres in Captain America and is very polite and caring, I think he may be an ESFJ.  Here are some quotes to Captain America:  I gotta say, it's an honour to meet you,...
This is my analysis:  Thor: ESTP (like an istp, but more extroverted! very rugged nonetheless) Ironman (Tony Stark): ENTP (inventive, all over the place) Captain America: ISFJ (emotional,...
I met my ENFJ friend at a high school friend's party. Over 7 years, we stayed in touch, while I lived in another state or another country. He's been amazing and I've been able to tell him a lot of...
I would never do that to a homeless person. But perhaps there is some truth to how people may percieve us. I do go away from people for long periods of time, because they hurted me in some way and I...
I rage cleaned because I learned that this is how you deal with stress from my SJ family. When I lived alone I did it for awhile but sooner or later, I didn't do it because there was no longer that...
Although I agree with developing your first and second preference, I think it's also important to understand the limitations of your intuition which is usually in the tertiary and inferior...
My mum is an ISTJ and my aunt is an ESFJ. They repeat themselves like nobody's business. I must say something's do need repeating and are good for an NF child, like financial matters and protecting...
My mother is an ISTJ led by the dominant Introverted Sensing (Si). She usually spends a lot of her time by herself thinking about what had happened in the past and recalls it with great detail and...
My theory is that even though we have a preference for one type of personality, we still have and can recognise all of the functions - it's just that it's going to drain us if we use it. So all...
Have you ever thought that you're too judgmental? And, why does everything have to go your way? This is exactly the problem I have with my INFJ sister. I always give in to her and with respect. So...
I have way too many INFJs in my life right now. I'm even beginning to doubt their rarity!!  Too many close INFJs and I can feel their judgmentality force!!   Has anyone come across an unhealthy...
Thank you seeker! Yes I had a close ENFJ friend who stood by me... so it appears to be true, that the only personality who can give just as much as the ENFJ is another ENFJ! INFJs are okay, but they...
Don't feel bad, I think this is completely normal and a coming of age thing...  The concept of good and bad seems to be really important to us ENFJs as we are always trying to find the right value...
Too much padding. This isn't really a complaint.
I wish I wasn't so Fe Dominant sometimes. It's so hard to switch it off. At university, I learned from the NTs to be cold and impartial over social things. I can appreciate it and see why being...
Also, our shadow is ISTP. I don't understand why we are talking about ISTJs.
I worked in a place where everyone was not so nice. It made me become anti social and I hated it because I'm a social person and like to get along with everyone. ENFJs get affected by their...
I must say this is kind.
Uhm I'm an ENFJ. and yes, the INFPs get that way...but not me. I don't believe in fairy tales as a point to mature on. I do believe in good ethics though but this seems to fly around with you guys...
You guys can be funny though in an unconventional sense and good at comps. But yeah, how's your love life?? Is it full of drama and chaos??
My ex bf was an ESTP. It was THE WORST relationship I ever had and my heart was broken for the first time. Now that I realised he's an ESTP, there's no problem. I feel much better knowing that he's...
In my asian family, there is an ISTJ mum, INFJ sister, ENFP cousin, ESFP cousin, ESFJ aunt.... all varieties in this region
Maybe you guys need the love of NFs. Apparently Cleopatra (ENFJ) fell in love with Julius Caesar (ENTP) - the love story of the ages.   I am having a similar experience though never thought Caesar...
I didn't realise how cold I get. I shun everyone from me when I'm in this mode. Seeing people around really helps though and also just being comfortable with yourself when your alone. I try to...
Have you ever encountered him or you being jealous?  I had my guy friend who I've known for aages over my house and we played video games. My ISTP (roommate) didn't say hello or good morning to me...
Wayupnorth, thanks for your comments. I am still not officially together with my ISTP and its been 6 months since we've met. Things are still feeling the same, ie warm but I think we are both nervous...
my istp just complimented me.  sometimes I have no idea how to reply to it. It is golden.
I think ISTPs are hot but spend way too much time being by themselves. Share your awesomeness more why don't cha?
I'm finding that my ISTP is reacting much more when I appear bored with the relationship. How does this work?
Giving someone a chance will only and honestly happen when you realise that even though you can be very capable and independent on your own, there is still some part of you that feels the void of...
I rest my case. Whatever. No one cares anyway.
That is true physically but...mentally or spiritually? How about dying with people you love beside you in your last days of living?   How about making your life worthwhile to other people besides...
Do you really think the best thing is to die a lonely death?   Well if so, fine. Whatever. Nobody cares anyway. [Pretend shadow ISTP talking]
Here's my list of pros and cons for ENFJ-ISTP relationship as far as a I can see it (for maturing ISTPs and ENFJs only)  PROS 1. Feel so close by Calvin Harris is ENFJ-ISTP theme song. IT'S A...
I have known 5 ISTPs in my life, either in family, friends or at work. I am trying out a relationship with an ISTP guy at the moment who seems to be quite 'perfect' for me on and off the paper.  ...
I definitely think he's an ENTP. I have an ENTP friend, who is also a Doctor, and they both buzz the same way. Matt Smith as the doctor is hot however.
hopeless romantic. It's awful and crippling.
You guys need to give people a chance.
ENTP Archetype - Doctor Who (Matt Smith) is hot.
I'm great friends with an ENTP. We have a brother-sister relationship but I think he is perhaps too much of a brainiac for anything to happen. It is pheremone buzzkiller sometimes!!   Advice is...
I want to save the world, but in order to do this, I must save myself first to save you and the rest of humanity.
[QUOTE=Aquc;2422453]First off, necro... [QUOTE]  Inferior Fe.
Sorry to hear that. I'm am beginning something with an ISTP at the moment but not yet a couple. Far out, I hope it doesn't take him a year to say thanks but no thanks!'"


705: 1. I am an anime addict. (both watch and draw) 2. I laugh uncontrollably in indecent situations....O_o 3. I think that traveling the world is a good way to go. 4. I surprisingly live in...da da...
When so many AWESOME, CRAZY, AMAZING things happen all at once you feel.....like your body is going to burst into a million colorful sparkly bubbles!! ^_________^ and then you start to giggle... :D
You know.... being crippled now for amonth. I am starting to gain different fears than before. Now a days the scariest things are the refrigerator door, swinging doors, and animals. The refrigerator...
aha.... they are ambitious, excited over absolutly everything, and are sensitive to crude criticism. When it is handed out, their stron argumenative side comes in and kicks ass.... lawl. ^________^
I am so good... I am so good... I am so good... :crazy: :tongue: :wink: :laughing:
eating.......food
1. I feel like everything is amazing. (when I am in a good moood) 2. My favorite color is Yellow 3. I play 6 instruments. 4. I would love to travel... if i had money. I'm still in school... :( 5....
welcome welcome welcome!! ^^ your type rocks.. so, so do you! woohoo! :laughing:
Welcome Welcome!!! ^_^ we will be the best of friends!! I loove you!! :tongue: haha jk but I know we will get along... INFP's rock the sox
I have had experiences while not getting along with INTJ's. The ones that I knew were quite perfectionistic.... and had to always be right. (I was right most of the time) and the blew up in my...
Hooooray!!! CONGRATES TO YOU!!! :crazy:
I am wondering..... I don't get along with INTJ's and I am an ENFP. Do any INTJ's get along with us. Am I just judgmental?
I am imagining one of the cutest guys! ^_^ oh how immature I am sometimes.... basically I am an immature one riiight now. :laughing::crazy::tongue:
Everything in life is always amazing to me. I just loove laughing and keeping a positive enviourment.:crazy:
wow. Well I think that ADD people bug the hell out of em. I know that. My father is one and running. My parents do not come to evens... They like to interrupt conversations I also noticed...:dry:...
I looove to hang out at the park, running around happily. I do as well at guitar stores just playing their instruments, friends' houses, the streets, and usually my room or somebody elses. FUN STUFF...
oh if only Suhni Neel... haha And WELCOME!! I get along great with your type!! :D VERRRY WELL INDEED. :laughing:
I am different than my other chaps around. I tend to feel attracted to people more often than others. WEll at least it seems that way....
I do actually. I tend to when I am anxious/nervous. Sometimes just for the heck of it. I get impatient and find myself doing it as well. I am trying to break the habit but, ah 'tis not working....
^_^ teehee. People say we are bubbly as heck..... (some):crazy:
AWWW thanks! :D you rock----> *poof* hahahaha
Hello Hello! And Welcome even though..... hehehe I just started. ^_^ <3:tongue:
Hey there!!! :crazy: hehehe I am Elizabeth and I looove musik. Talk to me about it! I am not a superficial person. My type is ENTJ. It really does fit within my personality personally but, I am a..."


749: 'amc  Hello amc!  I have the feeling of what I want to say to you spreading out in my head, but my words are mush! I'll be incoherent with you :)  Look past the letters -- How does this fella...
INTJ BF: I mean my day was filled with productivity ... watching 2 hours of Star Wars Easter Eggs.  Me: No judgment here! INTJ BF: It's got to be the nerdiest thing ever. So, what did you do today?...
Personal: I ate homemade tacos today with my boyfriend. We're talking about adopting a cat together (it will be his, but I'll be able to spend plenty of time with him/her). And we finally have the...
Neutral Good Human Monk/Sorcerer (2nd/1st Level)  Ability Scores: Strength- 10 Dexterity- 13 Constitution- 11 Intelligence- 14 Wisdom- 11 Charisma- 16
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUwjNBjqR-c
I can't resist the call of a snug bed and a hungry man. Cheers!  (That's seeped in innuendo. Oh well).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idZ_VjqHzNU
I only had one good one in me, which is what my mom said after birthing my older sister. Anyway, I brought some boxed wine! I hear that's clazzy (classily lazy).
My invitation was sticky, which would only be icky, if it wasn't sent by such a fly guy.  I won't lie, I'm not picky.   bpbm 's got the words, I'm not coming in second, not even third, rest...
On a broad scale, there are so many reasons I wouldn't stay with someone who has cheated. Not only have they f*cked with you in your current relationship, but they will skew your perception of...
I can't help but feel I am stuck in an hourglass that's quickly emptying its contents into a hollow bottom, sucking me deeper, while I beat on the glass trying to break free. Though even if I did...
To me, too often happiness seems like sugar dissolving into a cup of tea. When there is a longer permanence attached to it, contentment, rather than something sweet and fleeting that makes me...
Anecdotally and incidentally, it was the dreaded fridge Taco Bell that had me puking on my boyfriend's couch.   Although it was I who made the fatal error. I'm big enough to admit that. My...
Hello Narci Claus,  From what I can tell, you're a Te-heavy user, while Fi is likely Tert. or Inferior (Aspiring?). Shadowish Ni in stack ... I'd say ESTJ or ISTJ is correct based on this, but I'm...
https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1824314402/Med_logo_twitter_400x400.jpg
Slight Trigger warning for Trich   I feel like I'm spiraling, and I can't quite put my finger on what the root cause/ trigger is and what I can do to feel at ease. Anxiety is burrowing deep, and I'm...
That's a beautiful story, and thank you for sharing. It brought tears to my eyes. I'm glad that in the midst of a tempest of instability and chaos, there was a moment where the waters stilled, and...
Conversation via text  Me: You can be on candy duty!! Meet me at the theater. Get something sour and something chocolatey.  INTJ BF:  Me: Don't screw it up or I'll bite your ear off. BF:  Me:...
I like the idea that you could get her something small that could be put in your future shared space. Maybe make a piece of art? Paint some pottery? I like Rebecca.M's plant idea, but it would have...
wolfsong  It would make sense that she is a bit confused about her feelings. She was with this other person for a long time, while your relationship is fresh. It doesn't sound like she's had a lot...
wolfsong  I'm really sorry your partner had to go through that abuse.  It isn't uncommon for someone who has been through abuse to feel tethered to the abuser, when that is the person that they...
Fuck.  I'm really sad about my great grandma.  I went to visit her in the care facility she's in, and it was so hard to see her so frail. So fragile. I helped move her around, she asked me to,...
Journalist  Most Journalists are open to new experiences and enjoy learning about others. They also have a skeptical streak that makes them difficult to trick or manipulate. Their combination of...
The plight of a sad cat:  My BF and I were going to go do Halloween things tonight, but he just cancelled via phone call and text due to a stressful day at work, which I definitely understand and...
For me, it's hair ties.  Usually I'll forget about their existence. I'll fall asleep, and when I wake up, I'm sure that my arm will have to be amputated.  So yes, hair ties, but that's usually...
Ah... a maybe ENFJ here.  When it comes to people, if someone has made an impression on me, or if I see something in them, i.e. potential, good qualities, etc., I'll want to keep them around, until...
I definitely fall into patterns where I decry the use of social media, seeing it as a disconnect from those around me, and as you described, a sort of marked disconnect from special moments we could...
https://67.media.tumblr.com/9fded2a595a136c6b4f6a5485a3f1057/tumblr_ofiqyxpIB41sktodxo1_500.jpg
11Quality Time 9Words of Affirmation 7Physical Touch 2Acts of Service 1Receiving Gifts  On the flipside, I'm probably most willingly giving of loving words, and touch. I fall into...
That video is awakening something within me...  Donuts!  (and Salt and Vinegar Chips :mellow:)
Salt and vinegar chips, please!  (Sal and Vinny)
Thank you, that's really informative, I'll enjoy pouring through it.  Yes, in terms of I/E, I generally go through periods where I have a great desire to go out and connect, and positively touch as...
Thanks for checking in.  Your personality type is: INFJ  Preference Clarity Categories:  (Slight, Moderate, Clear, Very Clear)   Slight Introversion: 11/21 Clear Intuition: 23/26 Slight...
Jung - Similar Minds Test  Te (Extroverted Thinking) (45%)  your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods  Ti (Introverted Thinking) (75%)  your valuation...
https://miracleon32ndstreet.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/snapping.jpg
In one kiss, you'll know all I haven't said.  Pablo Neruda
Ah, the majestic Hawkaboogey.  Considering the PoLR helped solidify ENFj for me.   Socionics - the16types.info - Information Elements: Descriptions by Functions  This was really informative and...
Hi Lumosaria!  I'm still in the elementary stages of understanding it. I'm worried that I'm looking at it too subjectively, and am like, 'yeah, that sure sounds like me! (what is she saying? It's...
http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/12776-socionics-description-best-enfj-guide-ever-written.html -- This was extremely helpful for me. I guess this is more of a reflective post than anything,...
“Love is never any better than the lover. ”  ― Toni Morrison, The Bluest Eye   These have been important healing words for me, regarding the standards I have built for others, learning to be...
I'm craving feta stuffed olives. I just ate falafel and there was hummus on the side with one olive in it. Only one olive chilling in a puddle of hummus and oil. I don't know what sick, twisted,...
I'm getting more and more excited about my trip! It's funny that people live there, and likely aren't excited about it, but get equally excited anticipating their own trips. I suppose it's the...
I feel like I'm waiting for something ... someplace, someone? And that I'm on the cusp of realizing what, where, whom it is ... but the clarity isn't there yet. Not yet. Now, just now, it's an uneasy...
Thank you Lumosaria! You've been extremely helpful throughout, and you know you're my typing pal.  I'll keep considering the functions, because really it's the Fe and Ni placement that is confusing...
God, I would die.    Jaune Valjaune, I definitely see the Fi in you! Not sure about the others. Iffy on ISTJ   Azure_Zalaire -- :wink:  Skip me, see Wontly
Got it.  I shall document all of my eating, sleeping, and bathroom habits on here.  All on your page.  Every second, every detail, of every day.   !
OK!     Wait a second .... .... .... .....    .... .... ....
That's more than fair on all accounts.   Perhaps more presence on the boards will help in regards to others helping type me. I admit I'm still having trouble discerning anything definitive at this...
Haha! Yes. Ti and inf. Fe are apparent.  :fox:  (thanks again for your help over at the type me boards)
I don't want to make the sitting oddly thing a thing, but it is definitely a thing I do too.'"


777: yeah no problem
ummmm either a girl version of flash or the ever so cleverly named invisible woman   haha my favorite parts of the body are eyes haha good luck trying to put initials there :P but my second...
:) coldplay is amazing and that song is now stuck in my head haha   ummmm I would pick the ability to be able to breathe underwater... but thats kinda useless in the whole saving people thing (no...
well that raises another point that enfj's tend to have complete trust in everyone even if they don't deserve it, but we expect the same trust back and if we don't get it we get frustrated so if your...
geeze thank you haha i just realized why im being so clingy thank you thank you
hmmm thanks thats a good point about jealousy ill defiantly keep that in mind but what about clinginess?
So I will admit to being the smothering jealous type, I get a bit obsessed and clingy when in a relationship. From what I understand this is typical of enfjs, how have you people kept from doing...
A big thing about enfj's is we try very hard to please everyone, from my experience if I dont like someone its usually because I dont feel the success of making them laugh or smile, it makes me feel...
hah and what exactly is that suppost to mean? mr. random ill have you know it was a gift so I did not choose the color
haha yes!!! it looks like its haunted (your welcome to join)
indeed i do, its blue
but if your too loud they will bite meeeee :sad: :happy:
take heart :) were nice aliens
... yes but shhh not so loud they might hear you
other then the commitment issue what about an enfp and enfj?
you could try to find an outlet for your feelings, I listen to music while writing angry/sad/frustrated letters to whoever got me unhappy, I have yet to send one but it works really well, and then I...
I just heard you get angry quickly and react intensely, but hey :) things you hear are ment to be proven wrong
bad experience?
what do you become? oh and your aviatar is incredibly scary haha
hmmm well that makes sense, although suppressing your emotions is not good I guess we can just hope the force is not strong with you
oh haha well then yeah thats probably it :) hahaha next time he disagrees with you just I love you too
I have heard it too haha but I have no idea, let me know if you figure it out for sure
I have been guilty of doing this in the past, my reasoning was the person I always sided against could take it but I knew if I disagreed with the other person it would start a tremendous fight, then...
Dont hesitate to ask for help it really is no bother, well I want to get this down before reading what anyone else said because if i dont i will forget so im sorry if five million people have already...
but he didnt turn evil out of anger more just desperation
I feel your pain, I start crying if im very frustrated or angry also, no one seems to take my argument seriously after
Hello there! I am from the land of the ENfJ's and I have been trying to figure your brains out (haha it's not working so far)  well my question is how do you react in an argument or when you get...
sorry haha I ment to post in a different place
haha :) I always just leave to get water or something when I think its getting sad
enfj's naturally have a huge thing with putting themselves in other people's shoes, because of this sad movies have a huge effect on me I mean I can't watch pinnochio without crying like a baby  Is...
when I lock something away its usually because I want them to convince me they want to hear it, I dont feel comfortable talking about my own problems so it takes some persuasion  all of the people...
When I become depressed I turn into an INFJ, writing becomes my outlet and I tend to write some pretty creepy stuff  the only way I have found to get out of it is to hang out with people that...
haha I was beginning to think I was the only one with a thing for hands
I think its the fact that enfj's genuinely care about other people's problems so when someone looks into their eyes they see true compassion and that could be somthing there not used to
just try not to step on anything that could potentially cause major damage
well normally this would be a compliment for a compliment but I dont know enough about anyone here to give them a genuine compliment so how bout instead you just say the best/sweetest/most pride...
I really don't like my appearance Im pretty short and I have a skin condition that makes it look like im blushing whenever I am anything other then completely calm, if people compliment my appearance...
haha well I hope its not creepy because I agree
Hello enfp's! im just wondering if there is a certain physical things you are attracted to ex. hair, eyes, hands, feet, elbows, knees, necks, noses... you get the point
does he eventually get over it without confrontation?
I actually gave up my dream of becoming an author for the same reason she is doubting becoming a scientist, instead I found  a new passion and I couldn't be happier about it When an enfj decides on...
I am reading a lot of things that basically say whatever you do never get an ENFJ angry.  As an ENFJ will admit to being easily annoyed but that usually fades quickly before becoming true anger....
sorry I tried and have no idea how to post a picture, well my avitar has had no manipulations done to it other then changing the color so im not sure if that helps...
they look better on me  anyway she can buy new shoes i have no money
:( you made my feet cold
but what if the wicked witch comes and we run out of water?
mirrored, is this better for the wind or worse?
ENFJ- the teacher, he had a very very strong desire to help people and a natural ability to understand them.  haha the fact that i am an enfj myself dosent hurt either 0:)
my right ear is about the same size as my left ear, and my left ear looks kinda like my right only backwards.
absolutely nothing :)"


788: 'And then there are the not so nice men who obviously exist. But I'm done with this part of the planet so I chose to focus on the good ones. :tongue:
Hey darling. Welcome! :) God, I love your name. This place is the best, we have a little Robot coming and going every now and then... Don't worry, you'll find your place soon 'round here c:
It's a bit funny to read those descriptions because I was often typed as an ENFP/INFJ during my pre-teen years and I think it would've matched me. The sparkly eye thing really does, I was a wide-eyed...
To me it was more of a dog flag, I can't see a pillow. If you turn your head to the side, it looks like a little robot. Either way, the dog is not that much of a dog, maybe it's a toy? Alright, I'm...
I've never met a male INFP, have I? At least, not in the physical world. I think it's just hard for me to spot introverts when I prefer to be crowded by talkative people. Either way, it does seem...
*fragile rainbow-colored tears*  Please, invite me to your wedding.
Why are there so many wonderful and attractive men on this world? How does one begin to explain?   Sincerely,  a female enfj who still doesn't comprehend how the male kind words.
You know you're an ENFJ when you can never crack a joke without thinking twice because it might be offensive and you'd hate to hurt anybody's feelings.
John - INTJ. It seems like such an important, self-sufficient name. Someone who takes charge and fulfills their duties to the best of their abilities whilst still maintaining a sense of solitude and...
I don't think I've ever met an ISFP before. Maybe I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure I'm surrounded by xSTx/xNTxs all the time!
I'm in love with The 1975's new album. A friend of mine also showed me a couple of Kodaline songs and I've been obsessed since... Not to mention Florence + The Machine. Those are just totally...
I do have a very strict single mom. So I can relate to you, because my mom was typed as an I/ESTJ. I think we fight a lot because mostly our personalities tend to clash. I usually don't like giving...
I'm eighteen, so I still consider myself a teenager. I think that will hardly ever go away from my personality. But whilst growing up, I went through major phases in my life, both darker and lighter...
I think you can be selfish by doing good. Doing good for the wrong reasons can happen, just as much as doing it for the sake of simply doing it. I've met dozens of people who've been this way, where...
It can be hard, you know?? Like sometimes you just sort of go, 'dang.. this person is a mystery to me' and that's how it works for me, so I try not to overthink because you can never know for sure if...
I have recently admitted the developing of an ED in my life and therapy has improved my stability throughout the last few months, however, I could easily find myself in these lines.   [/B] When I...
Self-confidence, intelligence and integrity. And a good sense of humor. If he's a dog person, then that's great! (Baking cakes? WELL THAT'S EVEN MORE AWESOME!)
You know, I think I can easily detect myself along these lines! I usually value friendship over love, so I always prefer to have a guy as a friend rather than a boyfriend. And if I ever have a...
I agree with everything, except forloves crowds (sometimes I'm too shy),  seductive, comfortable in unfamiliar situations, dangerous and  attachment prone. I'm not always a super risk taker, most of...
I just feel awkward and laugh and then drop something and go to let's-embarrass-myself-mood and although I like flirting, I don't do it often because I always end up embarrassing myself. It's a must.
Saaame. I can't help but do the eye-roll thing WHEN I SHOULD NOT. I'm not proud because it's probably rude, but then, I'm not going to pretend I agree with what a certain person says just because...
Being hated/judged/ignored. The worst thing to ever happen to me, which ironically comes from what I also love the most.. People!
(Does a hug help?) There are like a ten thousand things I'd like to say, but they seem oh so useless, I think hugs make it for most of my verbal comfort.   Yep.
OH MY GOD I NEED LIKE A POSTER OF THIS OR SOMETHING BECAUSE HAHA OMG I CACKLED. But seriously, that's the way to go.
You're too young. It makes me so angry.
You don't have to be manly. The most manly thing a woman looks for in a man, is possibly confidence. God, I do love confident men. Makes everything much better, you go! (:
BE FUNNY. AND SASSY. FOR THE LOVE OF EVERYTHING JUST SHOW SOME HUMOR.  (In caps lock because it's one of those things that matter in life)
You know, I do that so often and it makes me severely anxious, to the point where I need to focus and start rationalizing. I think laughing and repeating positive affirmations is such a good way to...
Completely random and out of the blue, but how many ENFPs consider themselves sassy? I was wondering about it, I've been thinking of how some kind of behaviors can be applied to each types and I...
I support many causes but I don't go around protesting because I don't think I'd be taken serious, which is a shame. I protest silently, if such thing exists. (:laughing:)
Exactly. A real headache. But indeed interesting! Thank you for your thoughts and such :)
What if I weren't myself? Who would I be? What if I hadn't won the life racing? And who would have won? So many doubts that have no answer.  '-'
Always. Always embarrassed by the amount of love I can feel for a person and they will never be able to understand. Therefore I'll never be able to express my feelings towards them. It's so hard...
If I could achieve anything in my life it'd be a horse. Seriously you have no idea. I love horses but they're so freaking expensive. It's like keeping a child, or worse. x3
I saw myself along these lines!
Harry Potter wouldn't exist.
When little things are the ones that matter the most to you.
Hey Ben, welcome to our INFP place. :D
Aww it's okay. But I love hugs so I won't complain.
I'm not a woman. I'm a rabbit who looks like a girl. But that's fine, I give pretty good advice for a bunny.
It occurred to me I have a huge list. Wow. Well, anyway, I definitely choose Mr. Darcy from Pride and Prejudice!
I wish for everyone to stay true to themselves and their dream. I wish for people to find a little hope in their lives and to take the best from everything. I wish for the world to be a better place....
I was wondering (as usual) and every MBTI type has its stereotypes, right? Now, when it comes to us INFPs, what are the stereotypes you've seen? Do you find it hard to be an INFP because of them?...
When in all of a sudden you have a creativity attack and you just HAVE to do something about it.
When you talk to yourself all the time.
It's hard to be a hundred percent sure about it, dear.. But I'd say it's hardly a pick up line assuming INFPs seem to run away from patterns when it comes to flirting. At least this happens with me.
Dann, you're incredible and surprising.  AND I AM NOTICING HOW BRILLIANT YOU ARE NOW.
Awkward question. You know the answer yourself, right?
When you think that blood is really beautiful.
When you know you will never grow up.'"


841: 'Hello all! I'm not even sure I'm allowed to do this, but I'm going to do it anyway because I think it's an important issue to address and because it's relevant to the topic of education.  Two weeks...
Great points.
My sister and I have been discussing this for a while, we've concluded  that Olivia is an ENFJ (initially thought ENTJ). She just happens to be  in an ENTJ position and tries to appear more...
I'm genuinely happy quite often. But I'm not always satisfied. And at the moment, I'm unsatisfied.
Damn... that ENFJ/INFP connection. I'm going through something similar right now. Except I'm in the position of the guy. The INFP girl I like is in a relationship - like you are. I'm not going to say...
At the moment, no! :(
I'm 22. Government - American Politics Major (graduating in May). And I'm a strong advocate for human rights, and a living wage. I'm very socially liberal. But... I try not to let that define me....
I use the internet almost exclusively to express my ideas - more Ni. I can't do the Fe thing online. I've tried it. It's not satisfying; there's always something missing. I need to be out in the...
Currently: Yes! Because I'm focusing on me. I'm trying to find a job. I'm trying to do as much for people in the community I am currently a part of. If I were in a relationship, I'd be too busy...
My God! I think I know who you're talking about - and I had my suspicions. This person use to tag me and write me things all the time. Creepy. After a while, I stopped responding. The person is no...
I wish I had more male friends. I wish I knew what I want to eat. I wish I was certain about what I want to do with my future. I wish my mom would stop smoking. I wish time would freeze...
That's true! :) Maybe a part of me just hopes she's an INFP. She gives me those vibes. And as much as I love ENFPs (my co-supervisor is one), they don't tend to leave me feeling like I've experienced...
@googoodoll I'm not sure. Something beautiful about it - especially in regards to INFPs. It's like I know something is going on in there. Some strong emotion(s). And I kinda want to gain a bit of...
In her interview with Oprah, she talked about this speech. She explained how it was the most frightening thing she'd done in her life. I wouldn't expect to hear that from an ENFP.
ENTP. Definitely an extrovert. Definitely an intuitive. Definitely has Fe. But definitely not an ENFJ. Lacks the passion and emotional intensity that we ENFJs have. He also isn't a natural...
INFP! So much Fi. I love her.
I haven't been on here in a while, but I just wanted to vent my frustrations with the lack of a cuddle-buddy. I'm lonely. *Sigh* I'm thinking about getting a dog.
One of the most common names: William. :)
Frog Palette for me!
You guys have beautiful eyes - very inviting!
Ehhh... lol. I guess I wasn't really clear. I was trying to make the point that ENFJs do like to know where certain information comes from to determine if the information is reliable or not. That's...
Ahhh.... I have one final question. When you guys have conversations, how deep do they go? Based on my experience, ESFJs don't like to go there. It can be too much for them. ENFJs, on the other...
Ha. You made her take the test again? If so... things can go wonky because NOW she would be thinking about the answers more. I trust that the first test she took would be more accurate. And based on...
Still sounds like an ENFJ to me. I know I prefer concrete examples over theoretical examples. I think it has more to do with Fe than Ni/Si. I like concrete examples because I can relate them to...
And this is what distinguishes ENFJs from ESFJs. ENFJs need the evidence because they do not like being provided with false information, nor do they like sharing false information. I know, for...
I think it's a combination of many things, including: 1) genuine interest 2) we hate jumping to conclusions without having all the details  and 3) we understand that situations are inherently complex.
OMG! Welcome back! We've missed you 'round these parts! As you probably noticed, there are a lot of new faces.
Take the leap! #yolo
'tis!
Yes, I would elope.  Relationships are personal, intimate. I don't need the huge ceremony and fanfare to celebrate the union between me and my wife. It's our relationship. I want it to be just us....
I've already contributed to this thread. Last year. But, I would like to elaborate.  One of the reasons why I ask questions is to gain a greater understanding of a situation. Most things aren't...
It's not just a trust issue. In fact, our reason—at least, my reason—for being surface is very simple: People don't ask. I've stated on this forum several times before that I refuse to volunteer...
It's also important to take on ONE thing at a time. You will simply be overwhelmed if you attempt to deal with more than one thing at once. The secret is triaging. See what problem needs immediate...
I chose my avatar because I love the movie, 50/50. I also enjoy how the main character tries to remain strong and hide his pain despite how much he was suffering physically and emotionally. I also...
The reality is that unless you distance yourself from the people who are causing you stress and emotional instability, you will continuously feel left or right or upright or down-left of center....
Yes! I like to have a framework - not a detailed plan. It just makes life much easier.
Definitely NF. I've been around more than enough females to have come to this conclusion. Sure relationships with other types can work, but they require a lot more effort - especially for an ENFJ...
The answer is simple: We want to be proved wrong. We already know that our shitty friendships won't get any better, but we hope, we desire, we pray that - for once - we will be wrong, that these...
This is off of his new, unreleased album.   This man understands my life.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=aDDk5Th30J4#!
Katie annoys me a bit in this interview, though. She appears to make frequent (poorly informed) judgements.
Check out this interview:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVX-M0AgUio  Oozes ENFJness. I can relate SO much.
Hmmm... not like any ESFJ I've ever met. My mom and brother are both ESFJs.
It's all in the hands! His hands do all of the talking.
Ahhh.. yeah buddy! You're young. You have lots of time to fully embrace all your amazingness. Anytime you need to talk, just PM me or something.
Hmmm... If I were you, I'd tell her something like, Hey boss lady. I love this job and I want to be the best employer I can be. Recently, I've been finding it a bit hard to get things done to the...
lol. Typical.
No, but - due to society's socially constructed definitions of what it means to be a man and a woman - it has taken me awhile to fully embrace who I am. An emotional, loving, considerate, easy-going,...
Lol! Dang.. that was low.
I have discovered my purpose.   Be sincere. Be honest. Be me. Treat people nicely. Love. Share. Live deliberately.
So, I just came to the realization today that Drake is an ENFJ. I laugh when I think about all the criticism he has received for being too soft and too emotional. It must be difficult being in an...'"


932: I'd say so/sx 9w1*
I hope not :) are you? :/ I thought you were ENFP once but since you have struck me as ENFJ :) also I notice your ENFJ avatar! I love that she's ENFJ!
I  am so sorry that I have criticized you in the past :) I did not realise I was :(
Any opinions on me? (I'm rather curious as to how I appear)
I feel like this sort of arises from being alone so much. I don't really tend to get into relationships for no reason, so I tend to be rather picky :) an ideal relationship would be a wonderful smart...
He's not completely to my taste, but his characters are very, interesting! :)
Are we? Do you relate with this? People tend to tell me I'm quite INFJ, and I'm 50:50, which is rather funny, I feel if you're an INFJ you knowt wheras an ENFJ can be quite introverted at times and...
Scientific, Sympathetic, Blithe ,Humorous, Fairy :).
Pardon? :)
This is the opposite for me.. When I watch TV programs I feel so much secondhand emotion I may cry.
INFP sounds very right, I get a huge amount of Ni dominance from you :)
They're all extremely beautiful! I would be most likely to wear, the wave palette! :)
Yes, definetely! She almost has that 'fake it till you make it' way about her, and is very talented and aware of it, but she does seem as though she is someone who uses many personas! Also, I...
Lovely actress! I thought I saw ENFJ in her but I could be wrong, she might operate on Ni-Fe though :)   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kD5y0G6WaSI
I've all of a sudden had a huge revelation about Lea Michele, and think that she could be an introvert, she seems to have that sort of forward image and friendliness that a very well adjusted...
Any more opinions? :o
No, I understand :) I was just wondering what made it different so we could maybe decide.  In terms of those types, I highly doubt she posesses Fi, and that she is not an Se dominant :)
It's not off base :) Thank you very much!
ENFP and INFP are the same functions but in different orders.  In terms of if Belle is an extrovert or an introvert, her being extremely unhappy with the life that she lives in the town, and wanting...
Right, but why? :)
Very true! :) They also seem to interact more like ENTJ and ESFP rather than ESTJ and ESFP :)
Ni tends to take a lot of things and bring them together into fully fledged ideas.. I always thought Tiana's view for her resturant was very Ni, but I could also be wrong, I also think Naveen is...
Not at all? She was always looking towards the future and using what was happening around her in order to propel herself towards the future she wished to achieve, of course her father was the guiding...
I always saw that at her using Se-Ni. She's comfortable with making plans and embarking on the journey it will take to get to that plan, but it is not as though she is content with her routine.
Surely she's an ENTJ? :o
Why? :)
Oh well, you surely deserve to feel very proud of yourself :) You are an amazing human being, I really hope you're having an okay time :)
You are so welcome! She's a wonderful actress! :)
I think she's reserved, when she's on camera. Even then, she isn't really so reserved, she's bubbly, and quiet but not necessarily completely energized by herself, she also was involved in shouting...
Gatsby, surely operates on Fe? And lacks Ti?
I'd say she was an ESFJ. :)
Hahaha, that's very true. I could see him as having dominant Fe though, however.  Does he lack Si? I don't know, perhaps his planning could come out in things like his whole tirades against Harry,...
Isn't he an ESFJ? :)
She's also in Elementary, and is absolutely great in that.
Yes, definetely! Well xNFJ can be charming, ENFJ are called suave often, but it's in an extremely different way. She has that sort of Se in the moment charm rather than that ENFJ, I feel for you and...
Well it's the same functions but in a different order. In terms of just dominant functions, she doesn't really seem to be anything but a Se dominant to me.   She has all of these hobbies (fencing),...
I think you absolutely nailed it on the head. :) His whole 'I shall make jokes, because they're funny to me' is just so ENFP.
Why not?
I am a massive fan! :) She's not an ENFJ or an INFJ :) She strikes me as an ESTP.
Alright, I shall check those things out! Thank you :)
Thank you so much for replying, no that is not me :) That's Lynda Carter, who is extremely gorgeous I agree :)  I was thinking it could be Fe, sort of overexposure to feelings? or something? :)
How would you like to be helped or comforted, as an ESTJ? :)
Dear Reckless Summer Nights,  We at the ENFJ forum, love you just the way you are completely. I am so happy you are finding a way to explain yourself, and help yourself line up with yourself. And...
For some reason when I'm down my self-esteem plummets, it's really unhealthy. I will be absolutely fine and have built myself up incredibly, but then I'll have a caffeine or a food crash or be over...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxBIQnwdqc0  This way of transforming her emotions into dramatic symbolism and using this to communicate it with her fans strikes me as Se-Ti.
I don't understand why tertiary Fe, can't be strong? While performing surely the main functions she will be using will be Se and Fe, which seems to suggest really realizing and connecting with her...
Sorry :) I was trying to illustrate that we could take the things she said at face value.. :/
You have to keep in mind that, these things aren't always the same. She makes songs about John Mayer and Harry Styles, because she seems to use writing as a way to express her feelings, which relates...
Well you know my opinion on Taylor :)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3WdtNe22F0k   Se= 'You learn how to not have stage fright by getting up on stage 300 times in a row' 5:15 Ti= There are...
Oh no, I was talking about a much cooler society, like the mega society, where you meet very cool people :) Like Professor X, and you can form a crime fighting team! :kitteh:"


988: 'He can't prove that his theory/hypothesis is correct,  nor wrong.  The debate is based on lack of enough data, both from you as a potential test and from scientific research.  Neither one of you know...
I would choose the place where I could develop better: education, career, networks etc, the things that are important to you and potentially improve you regardless whether you guys stay together or...
I am not sure how to answer this question, I enjoy having thoughtful conversation with all different people,  and find it interesting that people are different.  So, in general,  I don't find ENFJs...
I can relate to the Ne-Ni difference between me and my INFP.  He throws out many ideas in one conversation,  while I try to put them together or try to see how they are connected.  When he jumps from...
Congratulations and good luck!!! That's wonderful! You have to share the experience of ENFJ/INFP couple in parenting in the future :)  Thank you for sharing the insights, I can see these, but...
You should definitely ask your ENFJ!   I happend to watch a TED talk yesterday about vulnerability and connection, you can google these two terms. When you show your awkwardness, when you are...
I am very curious to know what conflicts ENFJ/INFP couple would have after marriage: when facing daily life, many routines/responsibilities,  how is the dynamic of the team?  I and my partner haven't...
That's good:happy: .  The essential skill that I've learnt in the past three years with my INFP is: other ways to keep myself sane while waiting (for opportunities to communicate).  For me, it is my...
Since you are ISTJ,  I am guessing that you asked too many questions without introducing much about yourself.  That may make her feel that you are studying her like an experimental animal or...
I am sorry that you are going through this ...  Please be patient and continue to communicate.  To communicate,  means that you will be frank but exposure your vulnerability to your partner.  The...
really, a mature and content INFP,  who endured darkness of the past,  who had seen sadness and despair,  but still chose to forgive and love and embrace life....  I think this is priceless,...
This gives you an idea how calming INFP is:  http://widdershinsacademy.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/mbti-animals.jpg
Also,  one suggestion for career, and this is pretty much my INFP partner's strategy and not from me: if you don't like your current job,  but you don't have a better offer,  don't quit it and jump...
It seems to me that the biggest problem of her,  is that she didn't know how to say no.  This is very very common for ENFJ.  We got involved in relationships that we didn't really want,  or we are...
My situation is actually different from relationship textbook,  I think.  What works for me is the INFP style passive-aggressiveness..., angry and dark,  about to retreating to a cave..... It hurts...
I have an analogy:   in an ideal universe,  ENFJ wants to build a network,  with his/her SO in the center,  and everyone else connected with him/her harmoniously, and his/her SO is the most...
Ahhhh,  I need to grab my INFP to read this !!!!  But I already know what he would say : hmmm,  nice theory!  Don't ever think that you can chat with guys like before,  no way:laughing:
i was wondering how your interactions/affection is distinguished with your SO how do you make your SO feel special despite your very outgoing/intimate nature? how do you reassure your SO? how do you...
We are attracted to broken soul, aren't we?   Sounds like her relationship with you is quite new.  For an INFP to think through all scenerios and make decision,  you probably would expect a time...
Thank you and I understand what to shoot for now.  One more detail:  when you say passively,  i would picture this scenerio: I bring you a book/story that I internally find interesting to share, ...
How do you want to be cared for / supported when you are sick?  Especially what do I need to pay attention to as a more extravorted partner?  Hugs is not an option for us since we are long...
We really cherish someone who makes the effort.  It matters less how much you do,  it matters more how much you improve compareing to previous you.   If you are shy,  but you overcome your shyness to...
Exactly!  I take care of everyone else,  and myself.  I feel that he is the only peroson in this world who knows how to take care of me,  who can tell that I am a little bit upset and immediated tend...
It is great that you guys had the conversation!  I think INFPs need as much interaction with their significant others as we do, if not more.  Any cool feeling can be seen as a warning sign, instead...
Try not to take what they say personally!!!  Then everything will be fine :laughing:  Once you learn to communicate their way,  you will like it: straight forward, frank, direct to the point.  They...
“First of all, to the INFPs, something to consider about ENFJs, is that ENFJs tend to disclose, or at least look like they're disclosing a lot about themselves to a lot of people. Sometimes, they can...
Being extroverts,  we usually need to talk our emotions through.  No matter what,  I think it will be healthier to shift the focus to your own life.  I definitely need to let out the steam,  and I...
Also, for your previous posts,  so all of this happened within a couple of days?  For INFPs,  this is probably a short time...  Plus he is still replying your msg,  that is not bad...  My infp...
Don't leave him completely alone if you want to continue to try;  also,  if he is shutting you out,  it means he hasn't sort through his emotion with you, anger sad whatever it is.  If he can really...
I will use what I learned from my INFP partner to explain,  it may be different in your case,  it may be the same.      Sometime,  working hard means not to do something or not to say...
In theory,  when you love someone,  you don't have to reveal it.  You make the right choice /do the right things for the benefits of the other party.  Even if you are confronted,  in every moment, ...
You may re-examine you criteria and your ability to love unconditionally.  whether each one has anything to do with love ?  I think,  when you are looking for soulmate,  you just look at the soul.  ...
How well do you deal with your significant other's close family and friends?   For me,  when I decide he will be the guy,  my goal will be to bring him in my previous harmonious world of...
I was in a >10 years relationship with an INTJ,  we were each other's first partner,  both of us learnt our lessons.  For any pairs,  it is not about how good it can get when communication goes...
I didn't know you have this layer of intention...  I don't know what to suggest...  I only know that when my INFP gets to that dark-phase-retreating-back-to-a-cave mode, I always freak out and reach...
You guys are amazing...!  i am really grateful for this forum,  how can I imagine......
Do you then just fall asleep? My INFP explained why he sleeps much more now, seriously......
I remember reading @lydibug 's story last year...   Oh,  I can relate to this,  only on the other side as ENFJ,  also as a female;  An important difference may be that my previous relationship was...
This is an excellent advice!    Don't think too much and wait too long,  she may enter another relationship while you are still debating with yourself.  Either confess directly,  or at least try...
@UtterMess  @enigmawrappedinbacon  @gestalt  Thank you all for pointing out these are different issues.  It is lucky that I didn't bring it up the way I thought of......  For smoking,  I know he...
Please help me to see how I can communicate in this situation:   Background: I and my lovely INFP guy had been in romantic relationship for one and a half year now.  It is great connection, very...
I noticed similar posts previously : INTPs were attracted to ENFJ,  or trying to argue in this forum that their functions match with ENFJs' (which is quite a turn-off...) ;  maybe I am biased,  but I...
I don't quite understand your question.   I guess both.    Though one can argue that ENFJ can find something inspiring in anyone,  I do find that when interacting with some people,  it is quite...
I want someone to inspire me to be a better person.  But I don't think this needs to be just one person, and it applies to friends, family, colleagues, even strangers...
That beind said, your post highlights a good point: while I don't think that the lack of time together is automatically indicative of him not being into me (every relationship is unique and doesn't...
but it sometimes seems like he's not as busy as he makes out to be and I don't understand why he doesn't put in the effort spend time with me.  My INFP asked similar question.  For me,  I feel...
The reasons that some other need to say to the ENFJ is probably for the sake of your own happiness,  this is something an ENFJ may never really be able to put there,  it doesn't count as a reason...
Thinking that she has chosen according to her own will and she is happy about her life,  will that make you feel better？ If you really love her,  won't that seeing her happy make you in peace?   It...
I am in solid basic science research field...  surrounded by thinkers...  I think science/engineering careers still need lots of people skills, especially now a days,  collaboration is almost...
I speak for myself,  yes!!!  I love my teddy bear INFP!  Women get turned on easier when they are relaxed,  how come that is not attractive :kitteh:  INFP is not just calm,  it is a sense of...'"


1019: 'To correct myself, I reread some scenes and:  -Isabelle hoped that, when Jace came living with them for the first time, he would be brooding and needing her, and she hated seeing how independent he...
To correct myself, I reread some scenes and:  -Isabelle hoped that, when Jace came living with them for the first time, he would be brooding and needing her, and she hated seeing how independent he...
I actually made this thread a while ago http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/655378-legend-trilogy-types.html#post21207426  If you'd like to read it
I can still see Alec as an ISTJ, but his Fi seems less... I. If you get what I'm saying (despite the awful way of phrasing).  Jace is SOOOOO corny on the tv show! It's like an even cheesier...
[/QUOTE]For The Infernal Devices (one of the series where I liked EVERY mentioned character above - something like that rarely happens :))  Tessa: I have seen theories for her being INFJ and INFP....
I think that the Tv series Shadowhunter's characters are very different from the books characters.   Clary: Book- ISFP  Tv- ESFP Jace: Book- ESTJ  Tv- ISTP Simon: Book- INTP  Tv- ENFP Alec:...
Jane Eyre- INFP 4w5 1w? 6w5 (not sure about the order) Mr Rochester- unhealthy ENFJ, or ENTx 6w5 3w2 8w7 (?) Mrs Reed- ESTJ John Reed- ESTP Eliza Reed- ISTJ Georgiana Reed- ESFP Ms Temple- ESTJ...
Hey! I have been reading the Legend trilogy by Marie Lu and I was interested in your opinions on the characters types. Here's what I think:  Day- ISFP or INFJ. In the beggining, he seemed for...
Atticus- INFJ Scout- xNFP Jem- ESxJ. My opinion changed from one to another a lot. Calpurnia- ESFJ Boo Radley- ISFP Bob Ewell- ISTP  Dill Harris- INFP (?) Miss Maudie- ESFJ (?) Aunt...
Ted- I agree with Captain Mclain, he seems to vary from INFJ to ISFJ. 4w5 7w6 9w1 Lily- She uses Fe. She manipulates people using Fe and Fe excuses for her behavior (I am not offending her, she is...
What do you think about Rose? I absolutely loved her. I think she is ExTP, but I'm not sure
Harvey- ENTJ 6w5 3w2 8w7 sx/sp Mike- INFP 9w1 5w4 1w2 sp/sx Jessica- ENTJ 6w5 3w2 1w2 sp/sx Louis- ISTJ in a Si-Fi loop 1w2 6w5 4w3 sp/sx Donna- ENFJ. The way she reads people just seem like a...
I still see her as more of an Fe user. Her occasional bluntness and the fact that that she hides her feelings don't instantly make her Te-dom. Take Blair Waldorf for example. She can be really blind...
The scenarios do influenciate the behavior, but amongst all of the girls, Spencer is the one who seems to be the most worried about solving things and staying safe. Even when they are in danger, the...
Annie- ESFJ Silver- ENFP Adrianna- unhealthy ENFJ. She uses Ni-Se when plotting. Naomi- ESFx. Honestly, I can see reasons for both. Ivy- ISFP Navid- ENFJ Dixon- I don't really see ENFJ, I think...
I agree with Livind Dead about Ali being 2w3. She also gave a pretty good explanation why. I do think Ali has 8 somewhere on her tritype, but is surely not her first one. The same goes for Spencer...
I agree with most of it. Based only on impressions, I'd say Tyler is ISTP. Ian is a feeler,  but I see him as more xxFJ. I agree on Keegan being NF, but he says he is super outgoing and open about...
Hey, what do you think of Cece now? I'm guessing unhealthy ENFJ. All she wanted was to be loved and accepted, and her obsession over the girls seems like a projection of her loneliness.   And now...
Ashley Benson- ESTP Troian Bellisario- INFJ Shay Mitchell- ESFx, most likely ESFJ Lucy Hale- ISFJ  (In contrast to Hanna- ESFP, Spencer- ENTJ, Emily- ISFJ and Aria- IxFP)
I agree! Guillermo as an ISFP makes incredible sense. Oscar was indeed very stereotypical. Nowadays they just want to throw the broken rebellious boy everywhere. I agree that he is an Se user and...
Hey! Has anyone ever read I'll give you the sun by Jandy Nelson? That's such an NF-y book. What are your thoughts on the characters' types?  Jude- ENFJ  Noah- INFx (?) sometimes I see Fi,...
No way Isabelle is an ENTJ. First of all, she is an Si user- she goes by the book, gets mad at Clary when she doesn't, and also has a hard time trusting others (particularly boys) because of what...
What were the diferences between INTP and INTJ you read about?
Annabeth: INTJ 6w5 (or 5w6, I can see both) 3w4 1w?  Percy: ISFP (he doesn't seem to use neither Ni or Te, but his actions are more Fi-based. I can see ESFP too) 9w8 7w8 2w1 Grover: IxFP 1w9 2w1...
The two people I'm closest  and tell everything to are my INFJ 9w1-4w5-7w6 best friend and my INTJ 6w5-2w1-9w1 brother. I think Ni doms make amazing friends with whom I can be myself with and get me...
I usually got more Fi than Fe from her as well  What do you think about her father's type? I think he is very inspiring as well
Hey! I have been reading I am Malala, by Malala Yousafzai. I read online she is an ENFJ, and I can see why, but her father Ziauddin sounds like the epitome of an ENFJ, and I find it hard to believe...
I love Phoebe too. When she showed up and begged Holden not to leave... That got me balling my eyes out. I think she is hard to type function-wise because of her age, but as soon as she saw Holden...
In the first few pages, there are arguments that are pretty much He is insensitive towards other people's feelings , he is smart  and he makes mean jokes (about T over F). Seriously? Fi can be...
Yeah, I realised I was projecting myself into her after I posted my last post. You were right. Now I'm sold on ENTJ
Ok, you convinced me on Ni/Se. But when I compare her to the EXTJs I know (and I hate doing this because people are much more complex. But I am very close to 4 EXTJs and they just pop into my...
I just don't see Te in Lydia in seasons 3, 4 and 5. She is all about group harmony, taking care of the pack, connecting with that banshee from Eichen house, helping Parrish undersatand who he is...
Am I the only one who thinks the characters' personalities changed from season 2 on? Usually from iNtuitive to Sensor  Aria was originally written as INFJ (maybe INFP). She was very intuitive. Than...
I agree with EXFP, but I'm leaning more towards ENFP. I googled some of her quotes and saw other interview by the way. She seems to be very excited about coming up with new ideas and having changes...
John Green usually writes about XNFX females and XNTX males.   The fault in our stars:  Hazel= INFJ. She has Ni humor and she always puts Gus and her parentes before herself  Gus= ENTP, with well...
I didn't know there was a book! I only saw the movie, and to be quite honest, I think it was average. Is the book worth it?  Rosie- most certainly ESFJ Alex- He was very underdeveloped. The only...
I also thought she was IXFJ at first, but I wasn't sure about Si x Ni, whereas I was sure about her Fe. I think her dominant function would be more the most obvious one, so I guessed EXFJ.  And not...
Yes, I also think Calypso is very relateable. And I had never thought about Rachel Dare, but ENFP fits her very well
Yes, I also think Calypso is very relateable. And I had never thought about Rachel Dare, but ENFP fits her very well
I agree. Cassie is more S than N and Jake is ISTJ
3 of the best movies ever. I agree Celine is XNFP. Jesse seems ENFJ
Ohh, and Calypso. I adore her. It's quite obvious she has Fe. Percy's initial impression of her had Fe written all over. However I'm still torn between Si and Ni. She seems to be very idealistic and...
What do you guys think about what I said about Lydia?
Oh, that's right. People (myself incluided) must have guessed INFP beacuse he is clearly a Fi-dominant and his emo tendencies in season one are one of the INFP steryotypes
I agree!  I don't know how people think Ross is INTJ. All of the Ni dominants I know crave to be different than anyone else and don't usually believe in everything because it is... I don't know,...
Elena- ISFP Damon- ESTP Stefan- ISFJ Caroline- ESFJ Bonnie- ISFJ Katherine- ENTX. I came convinced she was ENTJ, but after reading some replies, I'm torn Lexi- ENFJ  Alaric- IXTX Matt- ISTJ...
I agree that SJ fits Blair more than NF. However, I see her as ESFJ. Besides what I've previously said, Blair needed to be looked up to and admired and liked to have people around her 24/7. She...
Another thing I forgot to  mention about Blair is that she had a S-like logic. An ENFJ, even when he/she hates someone and dislikes something they did,  he/she tries to see it from their point of...
Oh, and I thought better and I think Maia is an ISTJ instead of ISTP. Her first POV chapter was all about how much she distrusts and dislikes attractive men because of her experiences with her...
Well, Jace is very stuck on the past. In his POV chapters, he is constantly reliving his time with Valentine and the very beggining of his life with the Lightwoods and comparing those experiencies...'"


1055: 'AdroElectro I agree with intelligence, a sense of humor, and similar values. I understand what you mean by you just KNOW. It's just a certain type of connection. What I like is someone who you can...
I try not to idealize a perfect partner in my mind, but I completely and totally do anyway. I just want someone to connect withx97someone who I can talk to anything about. Generally, more introverted...
The heart of life by John Mayer.  Pain throws your heart to the ground. Love turns the whole thing around. Fear is a friend who's misunderstood, but I know the heart of life is good.
Yesterday on Friday night I went to a concert! My usual Friday night though? Usually staying in, or hanging with family or friends.
Kyusaku  Don't worry about what you said, I understand that you were letting your frustration out. I wasn't really offended, I just wanted to tell you that ENFJs really do commit, but I see that...
I am an ENFJ, and my INFP boyfriend of a year and two months recently broke up with me. You sound a bit like him... But I want to tell you that while I see what you meant when you said that INFPs are...
I have no emotion whatsoever!
Thank you
Thanks, I will try that for sure. I think it will help too. Unfortunately I don't live anywhere near a beach, but a bike ride is definitely doable. Also I should stop contacting him, right? He's too...
I wish I had read this earlier. I did not realize that the inferior function is most likely responsible. I so want to help him, to let him know that I am here to talk. But I doubt he will talk to me...
Well he has now given me that space. He broke up with me, because he felt that he was going to just hurt me worse than what was already happening. I understand yet I'm completely devastated. As...
The inferior function... of course! He was and I guess still is under a huge amount of stress. But unfortunately.. He broke up with me. So there's not much I can do now. He is 17 by the way.
Need help here, please reply to me!! As I mentioned before, my boyfriend is an INFP, and I made this thread about a year ago. I had noticed some changes in him. He was more distant, way less...
Thank you :)
I know... I completely agree...
So I did this because I have been confused on my personality type. I got ISTJ... So, ENFP? I was torn between ENFJ and ENFP, I just couldn't figure out which one I am more like. Does anyone know if...
Well what you explained is exactly what I mean on this thread, nothing offensive or bias. My point in the thread is that maybe N types communicate better with each other and of course the same with...
With all people or just certain ones is the question?
Well, I can communicate well with anyone too. I'm talking about nonverbal communication, and how it seems that I do that best with fellow intuitive types.
This is something that I have picked up on. I am an iNtutive type (either ENFP or ENFJ) and I feel that I communicate much better with other intuitive types. Does anyone else feel this way? With...
I am lurking because INTJs are very interesting and intriguing to me. I have many friends who are INTJs, and I think they are cool.
INTPs seem to really think a lot of ENFJs. On here, and in real life, at least the one I know of. They tend to think the INTP and ENFJ match is nearly perfect. Why is that...
Yes, definitely agreed. It's always important not to assume those things. And our reasons are different sometimes and things that are a big deal to me aren't to him and vice versa. It's definitely...
Losing people I love, not being able to help, no one listening to me.  I also fear drowning, i mean I can get into water, i can swim, but i do fear drowning pretty bad  Spiders, wasps. With...
Ah, i see. INFJ is what she claims to be. She's a very confusing person i honestly have no clue.
I love this thread. I just wanna throw out what's bothering me, I can't keep it in i can't i can't i can't!!!  First of all, I have 2 papers to write and I'm worried they're gonna be crappy and I...
It's not your fault why are you sorry? are you ok? why does that matter? don't be so hard on yourself why can't you decide for once?
I have 2 friends and they are an INFJ girl and an ESFP guy. The ESFP guy really likes her, and he basically worships the ground she walks on. I don't think she is interested, but it's hard to tell....
Ohh it's not that similar! I did not threaten press any sort of charges, and never said anything hateful to him, i actually cared about him and the whole experience was kind of hard for me. He backed...
Oh I know! Reading about INFPs and ENFJs, I said the same thing. I need to get me an INFP. Then I had this friend take the test again (he had first scored at INTJ, because his answers were influenced...
idk, up to you shutting up now I'm sorry i know this backpack has a hole in it, but i can't switch it for a different one because I'd feel bad for it oh, i can't because (insert terrible...
Aww. I'm not an INFP but my boyfriend is. He had his first job interview a couple weeks ago at a grocery store. He was super nervous, he actually puked on his way there because he was so nervous. He...
INFPs are very welcome here! and yes, it's true!
Yes yes yes!
Yeah, my boyfriend is too, the guy i described up there :proud:
Oh yes, i completely agree!!
Hello everyone~  I'm an ENFJ, and I know one INFP that I'm aware of, and we get along so well. We understand each other completely, and we could talk for hours and not get tired of each other....
Right now at this very minute... Say you will- Foreigner
No, he is an INFP
For my current boyfriend and I, this is our second time dating. The first time, we didn't know each other well enough on a deeper level, he was too shy to make the first move, and I felt awkward and...
I have never met a confirmed ISTP :unsure: I want to someday, they seem cool! I wonder if we would get along. I tend to get along best with other NF types. Like my ENFJ friend and I can talk forever....
Yes, I think this is true!! I do that sometimes I think. I am VERY borderline j/p so that depends on who I'm around. Sometimes, if I'm around p's, I'll (not consciously) be more J, because I feel...
There are stereotypical ENFJs though! But yes, i totally agree with you too about the energy thing :)
I'm an ENFJ, and I would be pretty annoyed by that too. I don't think I do that. I think, from what I have read on here, ENFJ guys are different from ENFJ girls...
Yeah, you would think an ENFJ would understand about flirting and stuff. I do get weirdly jealous when my boyfriend is alone with another girl. Only when they are alone though. Like if I'm there and...
Yes, I am an ENFJ and I am also kind of shy. But i know I am an extrovert because of where I get my energy. Around the right people, I can be outgoing, but sometimes I'm quite reserved. I think it's...
Me- ENFJ Brother- very INTJ Father- ENTJ(P?) My father is hard to type. He tested as an ENTJ, with 1% judging. But I have read about ENTP and he has many qualities of an ENTP. He also has ENTJ...
I know one INTP that I know of. He pursued me once, and I did turn him down... I think he's a great friend to have around but he talks so negatively that I find it depressing. After I told him I...
Well I do get a sense of guilt that is terrible sometimes, but not to the point of really harming myself, that's just a little too far and very unhealthy... The guilt that i get is more, like if i...
My guess- ENTJ. I mean, the executive? haha. He's seems more extroverted than introverted, and a lot of business leaders, entrepreneurs, etc. are ENTJs! Also, consider ENTP...'"


1079: 'sure it is. which pill did you eat? we CHOOSE to be brainwashed, because it's easier to deal with than trying to swim upstream.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7BuQFUhsRM  i don't think the...
you can't go through life with that mindset. it will drive you crazy.
yeah, so um, here's a pretty cool arrangement of the song this thread references:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvYZMqQffQE  the kids have some talent...
lol, go back and edit it! i find myself editing posts over and over and over. i'm a basket case. :crazy:
i don't think that parenthood comes 100% naturally to ANYONE. that being said, you're still an ENFJ. it's just that we get more introspective as we get older. it's part of our Ti, which is directly...
oh man, this is so true. i have a tendency to freak out at work over things that are beyond my control. and my ENTJ co-worker is always busting my chops telling me that my biggest fault is that i...
i'm 3rd out of 4, but my 2 older siblings are 11 and 9 years older than i am. my little brother is 3 years younger. i was a surprise, but my mom really wanted another after her conversion. they...
oh man, i think i could fill up the entire server if i posted everything i like. from Jam Bands like the Grateful Dead and Phish to the Beatles, to classical, to The Doors, to Hip-Hip/R&B (mostly...
if it helps to put 2.5% into perspective, Canada has 30 million people. 2.5% is only 750,000. Toronto has roughly 2.5 million, which is 3.3 times that number. we're very rare.    you're a freaking...
yeah, i'm with you on that note. i have WAY too much humility to have a big head. sometimes i REALLY struggle with what a wonderful gift i've been given, and just hope to high heaven that i'm...
pretty much... we trust people implicitly. we ALWAYS see the good in people and focus more on their potential rather than how they might currently be. as a result we do have a propensity to being...
i love you. *hugs*
hahahha! i LOVE that!!!! sometimes i'll just go to the produce section and hang out til the thunderstorm comes!
can someone PLEASE tell me what the hell is going on? this is like my 5th Sound of Music reference this week. i swear God is telling me to watch it...
*big hug*   sweetie, i love you.
pics, dammit!!!!! hahaha!
i actually like that test better. with the 'yes or no' variety, sometimes my answer is 'neither' and sometimes it's 'both.' so it's basically flipping a coin. though i think there should only be 5...
good thread.
haha, i took that pic. though come to think of it, it's pretty much a standard pose for me too...
cool, thanks. ok, here's my eyes. this was taken last Monday night at a houseboat party:  http://i778.photobucket.com/albums/yy67/lvbuckeye27/HalfshellBoatParty6-10eyescloseup.jpg
that sucks...
not sure if it makes me an ENFP, but this thread made me play salsa music and dance around my bedroom. lmao!
holy moly. i had absolutely ZERO intention of coming off as self righteous. quite honestly i shrink from the comparison. it's WAY TOO HEAVY for me to handle. (i'm not religious at all. spiritual,...
how do you do it? i've taken like 50 shots and they all look terrible. do you just crop a pic of your whole face or what? mine are blue... plus i'm all puffy from being out all night...
i get annoyed, but i understand that it's a two way street. i texted a coworker twice last night. no response. i was annoyed, and eventually got in touch with someone else. funny thing is, my...
*hugs everyone in the thread*   i love you guys!
oh man, i had a nice response typed up, but it disappeared in a server time-out. doh!  Lullabyblossom, have him take the test again. the results are notoriously inaccurate. my first time i tested...
thanks. that's pretty much what i was getting at. i'm exactly where i'm supposed to be. :happy:
not a morning person at all, though its not like i wake up sullen or anything. i just prefer to gradually drift upward into consciousness, rather than be forced into it by an alarm.  alarm clocks...
had a little moment today with the same chick i cried with on Tuesday. neither of us broke down, since we were at work, but it was close, lol...   a couple nights ago, i got into it with someone at...
i had trouble finding my career. because my values are not the values of the world. i went to school for roughly five years, though not always full time. eventually, to me, it seemed stupid to go...
actions speak louder than words, my friend. where is this change we were supposed to believe in?
no offense, and if this is crossing far enough into politics as to be unacceptable, then i will delete it, but Obama is ABSOLUTELY NOT an ENFJ. bailing out the banksters from Wall Street on the backs...
i've been going through this recently. it's only been the last couple days when i've actually been able to be myself around her... as for why it happens, i think it has to do with our innate desire...
agreed. in my work situation, co-workers will come to me with a gripe or whatever because i'm more in tune with their emotional needs and feelings. so i'll act as the mediator and go to the ENTJ on...
<--------jealous. i want to hook up with the ENTJ i work with. she's effin awesome.
thanks. i'm sore all over. wow. i think my entire left side is one big bruise.
i cried 3 times today. once when i saw my female ENFJ friend be wonderful to someone. it was so touching. next, when that same friend said something wonderful to me. (we both cried both times. and...
i need to have a couple drinks so i can think.
ashamed? HELL NO. we're some of the most wonderful human beings the world has to offer.   bad sterotypes are derived from interaction with unhealthy ENFJs.
you know when you see another ENFJ commit some random act of love, are overwhelmed by the beauty in that person, choke up, tell them that they are wonderful, then THEY get overwhelmed, choke up, and...
absolutely. but particularly between ENFJs and ENTJs. we're Yin and Yang.
i cry. mostly listening to music. though if i read something truly inspirational, i'll break down. but anyway, it's love that gets me all choked up. maybe a better word would be yearning or longing....
^^ exactly. and they can learn a thing or two from us as well.  :)
did anyone happen to catch the eulogy of the John Wooden? what words did they use? selflessness, loyalty, drive, humility,  relationships, integrity, love. the VERY BEST coaches in the world are ALL...
http://i778.photobucket.com/albums/yy67/lvbuckeye27/ENFJ.jpghttp://bighugelabs.com/motivator.php
word. i'm in love with one. she tries to act heartless, but i can see right through that crap.
get a healthy ENFJ to say it for you. ;)
Selene, i signed up specifically to say thank you for your wonderful post. needless to say, it was a rather stunning revelation to be told by someone i've never even met that the person i've been...'"


1095: 'xlillithx you came out of the closet at 15??? Omgoodness that's amazing, I was about your age (38 now v.depressing lol) I'm massively into angels and have had lots of experiences with them, but have...
xlillithx well done you wrote LOADS lol   I will check Krista Raisa out thank you.   I don't find people are threatened by my spiritual talk (unless I am asked directly I don't bother mentioning...
I'm not an infj, hope it is still ok to post.   I am 100% sure that there are star seeds and light workers around us. I believe the higher dimensional realms have sent them/us here to raise the...
I don't know any enfjs in real life either.  I will watch the first one again and report back :-) I can't remember in that much detail. Just know I loved them and all the quirks.        Sent...
I love those films    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I never sit in a chair normally it makes me fidgety. I always tuck my feet under my knees, tuck my knees up or sit in half lotus. Always have bare feet too, anyone else?   If I'm in public I sit...
Lol lol lol lol lol    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Hey we're practically neighbours :-) I'm from Lancashire :waving:   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
The best way I find :-)    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
DOGSOUP  Well I will do you a deal... Next time you feel it brewing come on here and scream and shout, jump up and down and we will try to calm you down, how about that :-)    Sent from my...
How often do you feel tense? I can usually deal with it using the methods above but when I wrote this it was getting me down and I needed a release! It's a horrible feeling isn't it   Sent from my...
Whhhaaaatttttt???? You must be like a pressure cooker!!! Or do you not get tense?    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
They are  not expensive gifts, they are hugely sentimental gifts. I don't just buy a bottle of bubble bath, I plan sometimes years in advance, so people have the perfect gift lol lol :rumbled:  ...
Wow wow wow amazing, everything you said is right, I'm so impressed thank you so much [emoji178][emoji178]   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Aw thank you so much, when you have recharged will be amazing, you're so kind for doing all these! If you think it would be more interesting do it public, I don't mind Hun, it's not as if I know...
http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20160909/e6e4e0d361ad8d6a69d7e2b0f5ac7e17.jpg  Would it be possible to read my writing too please INForJoking ? Only if you have time, thank you so much :-)
Thanks,  good advice! My mates have all been on holiday so maybe that's why I'm feeling it more than usual! No one to talk to :-(  I don't do crying really, maybe I will watch a sad movie and open...
Maybe you're right. I have tried of course and it always ends in a screaming match, so I kind of ..,don't anymore, but yeah maybe it's gone too far the other way! Thanks    Sent from my iPhone...
Thank you for your reply :-)  I live in the same kind of house as you were brought up in!  Emotional angst and hormones raging are common place and no matter how many stress management techniques I...
Hello ENFJ's :-)   I was just wondering how you all release stress and tension? As an ENFJ I never scream and shout at my family unless I've been pushed to the limit, because I like harmony and try...
Is there a personality type whose dominant function is CMe (Extroverted complete moron) because that what I turn in to!!! Or at least I did before I gave up drinking :-) :-)    Sent from my iPhone...
Taking Saffron has apparently got exactly the same benefits as anti depressants. Take 10-20 threads a day.   Also energy healing (Reiki) is wonderful for depression as it raises vibrations.   ...
I hug everybody!!! If I have met someone for the first time, when they leave after a couple of hours I hug them , (unless they are not open to it, which I can tell)   I'm not sure about the...
I can't quite believe it! Don't know where the time has gone [emoji33][emoji33][emoji33]   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Hello [emoji847]  I'm new too, an enfj , female late thirties ( sounds a lot better than nearly 40!)  I have a good friend that's an infj, we get on well.  There are loads of people on here that...
This is a hard question...  1, To experience as much as I possibly can, travel etc  2, To Learn what it is to live in a state of complete love and live it,  3, To help other people to do the same,...
Depends who's perceiving it.    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I know I'm overbearing! Especially in the morning, when my infp husband and daughter surface. I'm like Goooood moorninnng what are you doing today in a singing voice and they're like :huh: shut up!...
Always happens to me and I love it :-)    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I went to see Derren Brown last week! Amazing!    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Thanks for that I will search them out!  Amazon wish list here I come! (Then I activate the law of attraction and wait for the books to come to me!) [emoji23] Are all Enfjs weirdos or is it just me?...
Love this thread!  .....when you think up new random acts of kindness just to make someone happy [emoji2]   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I will look up your books :-) thanks for your insight [emoji2]  The book is £80 so I had a quick look on you tube! The strangest thing I notice about art is the older it is the more evolved it...
@Mr X  What a fantastic English teacher you had! Although I definitely wouldn't have been ready for quantum physics in school!!  What has been your favourite book? Have you read Conversations with...
Speaking personally I think you would know an enfj because they are on a mission to help. What can I do to help? Is their motto. That is the most over riding personality trait imo. They (I )...
I can't play it [emoji20] not sure why??? What's the name of the vid and I will search it [emoji1360]   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Hello fellow enfj [emoji122][emoji122][emoji122]  so pleased you replied [emoji847]  I will rephrase... I've got my friends to type themselves and non are enfj, and I know I'm different to them all....
chad0 in my opinion, if we get in tune with the universe anything can happen! I am a complementary therapist, so work with energy; Reiki and reflexology, chakra balancing etc. It amazes me !   But...
Yey [emoji122][emoji122][emoji122][emoji122] that's fantastic so happy for you! I love the law of attraction    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
According to the law of attraction , there are a few rules which make it happen , and I must admit I do live by these!  1. Gratitude - you have to be grateful for everything you have! An easy one...
I don't think it's about evolution or intelligence I think it's about knowing that your thoughts can change an outcome. Once you know that you can manifest anything [emoji2]   Sent from my iPhone...
Fortunately you don't have to sit there for 2-4 weeks, just visualise it daily. It doesn't( obviously ) turn up on your front lawn you have to take action steps but it really does work! Too many...
It blows you away doesn't it [emoji1317][emoji94][emoji93] the more I do it though, the more it happens!!    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Hey [emoji847] thanks for your reply,  Based on your answer it's not an ENFJ thing! Lol   I have quite a spiritual outlook on life and have tried and tested various ideas. The law of attraction...
Hi I was just wondering has anyone heard of the Law of Attraction?   I am an enfj and I keep reading that we can read people and manipulate them. The law of attraction is all about thoughts...
Hello Thankyou xxx   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
No Way!!! I live with 2 INFP's - they drive me CRAZY!!!! [emoji23][emoji23]    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Hellooooooo fellow ENFJ's, [emoji1316] I'm new to this forum, but searched it out because I am in serious need of meeting others like me!  Can you believe I have never met another ENFJ and sometimes...
I am a complementary therapist. I love it, especially being able to help people [emoji2]    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Thankyou for your replies ,  That info it great, I struggle getting my head round all that extraverted feeling stuff [emoji2] looking forward to having fun [emoji2]   Sent from my iPhone using...'"


1223: 'TheRedPyro : Hahaha. My friends might kill me!! Drawn on freckles... I wish I had real freckles :') I think they're lovely.
Swaying to Lana Del Rey.
I'm not sure what my absolute greatest fear would be, but abandonment and wasting my life/one day realizing I've done absolutely nothing except be a huge failure - those two are definitely up there....
You look super pretty, @CeLaVie ! I had totally forgotten that movie until now, I used to love it as a kid. I want to see your zombie courtesan costume!  Well, two of my friends and I dressed as...
Oh, no! I've totally had nights like these where nobody was around and the people I wanted most in the world weren't around either. It sucks :[ I hope you're feeling better!  Right now, I'm just...
Time, time, time, time. And thoughtful/meaningful gifts. :]
The ENFP's silly switch. I don't think I've ever met another type that does this so well. One of my best friends is an ENFP and he's just one of the funniest people I've ever met!
Hahaha. Such a cute movie :] You're welcome, and thank you! Unfortunately, I'm way too shrimpy to model. 5'3!
Pencil, watercolour, photoshop! Thank you :]
I hate feeling so much.
What a babe!!!! You're gorgeous, Lemons!
https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/598853_4432268881286_2052272876_n.jpg  Obnoxious jeans. :]
How do we turn bad? The process of? I imagine it looks something like:  1. Pain that we cannot/choose not to handle, accept, and work through. In whatever form or fashion, be it injustice,...
@Pseudowho : AHH your smile is so cute!
Cake, cake, cake!
Score pee yo.
http://youtu.be/Bc5bCExt6L0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGRO05WcNDk
My answer might not be the greatest one, so apologies in advance! xD  Situation is a little different from yours when it comes to length. We were together for roughly the same amount of time before...
Just some stuff I do to cheer myself up! Haha. I haven't done this in maybe 2-3 months, thinking of getting back into it again. They're nothing really deep, but I enjoyed creating, so. :] ...
ENFJ  Just for reblogs: henioche. More personal: untitled.
McDonalds. I am a bad, bad person. :[
Yeah... you'd be best off making the first move. xD  Aww, good luck though!
It's kind of a chicken and egg situation because nervousness can be super super endearing if I already like the person. Like Hum said,    I love seeing the little cracks in people, they suddenly...
Yes. I take pains to.  Drawn out letters and everything, haha.  Er... except I don't really SAY haha.
I'm trying to think of a situation where I'd ever be 'reserved' when I seriously like someone... and I would only be reserved if that person is off-limits (taken, sexual orientation, etc.).  If...
LOL! Damnit, I melted at the second picture... any army with kittens is a serious thread. We will melt the enemy from the inside out!
Hahahaha. I said I feel love/hate!!!!! And still do!!!!!!! You guys drive me insane =_=.  Something like:  Attraction > Intimidation > Attraction due to intimidation > Curiosity > Prickly >...
Argh, can't find it! Thanks for the input. I read on the socionics site, however (just this morning, too -__-) this interesting article that said it wasn't as simple as that and there is no direct...
Dowwwwwwn to a T (Or an F. Get it. Har. Yep, went there).  For me it's like... Cold. Cold. Cold. Cold. Cold. ANNIHILATE WITH FIRE.  I try as hard as I can to just not care about something that I...
Hahahahahaha. This.   I'm trying! I really am!
Peaceful, hopeful. You really do believe that everything is right somehow and that everything will be alright in the end.
I only enjoy bars when I'm with friends. I don't care much for clubs - too sweaty/smelly/close contact/horny creepy dudes.  In all honesty though, I am down for meeting cool people anywhere except...
Okay. This has happened to me. Not to stereotype ENTPs, but yeah, same thing. Just out of the blue, Don't love you, but you're loveable! bs. We're at a good place right now though, we are still...
(Surely somebody has already posted this one...)  Cult Leader.
Hahahaha. THIS ALWAYS HAPPENS, compliments are like drugs and they become drug rings...  Thank you! I'm looking at your avatar while reading that... my name/your avatar are definitely synced! I...
Haha, love-hate sounds about right.  This was  interesting too - I read that the MBTI INTJ is a Socionics INTx, so  correct me if I'm wrong. Nonetheless, this part really resonates with me: ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6tg0DOdkeU
Likewise! You're incredibly pretty, Nyfiken!   O_____O !!!!!!!  Awwwwwwww :'] Here, my heart's doing backflips with you! <3    LOLOL. I will have your babies on the condition that you also...
Now I have that song stuck in my head... x_x
Annoying some wonderful NTs, listening to music, being lazy in bed.  The liiiiiiiiife.
-Proud tear- It took me 24 hours to grow...
So I've been lurking you guys/this thread... and I've decided to contribute...  https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/599083_3895982834470_244151520_n.jpg  An obligatory...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-1KbY8B0lo
To be as healthy as a Hunza!
Although I'm part Asian, sadly I didn't inherit the SUPER SLEEK SHAMPOO AD QUALITY HAIR. Sob.  So I have super thick wavy hair... which usually doesn't look that good any other way than just down...
And...  Decided I'd rejoin PerC!
Do you care whether somebody is being condescending towards you? - Only if it's done maliciously. If I know they don't mean it, I just shrug it off.  Are you condescending towards other people? -...
It depends how important that person is... or what expectations I have of them.  If you're in a relationship with me, I will ALWAYS HATE IT IF YOU DO NOT CALL/TEXT BACK. It doesn't even have to be...
I'm sure it'll feel like heaven with you. It has for the past six years or so.  Sighhh. Romance schromance.'"


1251: 'ahhh my heart just melted reading this.... you, my friend, are of the few that get it. congrats & keep it up. =)
AHhhh ...This is me.   I'm so glad i clicked on this thread and discovered that it's not just me. phew!   This also extends to my love for my friends. I know a lot of people that only have one...
Wow, seems like she's going through a lot all at once. My heart definitely goes out to both of you....   I have a tendency to do the same in extremely stressful and emotionally taxing...
I think mine's pretty legit... =) I like that everyone has different top character strengths. Hurray for diversity!   1) Love  You value close relations with others, in particular those in which ...
GAH YES!!!   My most recent ex-roommate is an ESTP, she turned what once was a happy save haven of a home -- into a dreaded pit of hell that i was scared of coming home to each night.   Most of...
I agree with this 100%.   I was my most grounded/balanced self when i lived with my INFP roommate. After she moved out, I had an ESTP move in and we definitely clashed and couldn't find a way to...
I agree that INFPs and ENFJs are very complementary to each other. My very best guy friend is an INFP -- but there was never a romantic interest from either side, nor will there ever be.  We...
WOw. Well there's clearly something going on behind the scenes that he hasn't articulated to you.   But keep in mind what he HAS already articulated to you (however minimal). He said You and I...
I can safely say that I'm the same way as far as reciprocal openness. I'm an open book in the most relatable sense, I willingly share information & stories that facilitates a shared closeness. But...
Call me superficial, fake, and naive. I confess that I keep people at an arms length, with rose colored glasses on.   I instinctively keep my friendships at an arms length. I meet a lot of people...
Mad mad mad respect for Tina Fey.
This is me.   I come from a long line of very strong independent women. My dad & the men in my family are very kind, compassionate, respectful, and super supportive. This is what I look for in a...
Yes, there are definitely opportunities to collaborate/work with other musicians. I played in a lot of ensembles, quartets, composer recitals, and the orchestra -- so that was fun. But although there...
Great to see that you're pursuing music! I started out majoring in music when I first went to university. I played the Harp -- and absolutely loved my instrument.  HOWEVER similar to pmj85, I...
I love seeing everyone's different yet similar interests! Go ENFJs! =)   I like.... - hosting intimate parties, gatherings, & themed potlucks - brewing my own organic specialty beer  - going...
I think my takeaway from my situation is understanding my friend's comfort levels and drawing those boundaries between myself and her romantic interest. And also being able to clearly express my...
OMG WOW -- when i read your initial post I already had this exact thought in mind!   One of my best friends is an ESFJ, 7w8 with a VERY strong sexual subtype, followed by SP/SO. I've always known...
Short explanation of how i 'choose' my friends...   There are some people who make me feel warm, fuzzy, and ooey gooey inside. These types of people make me feel happy by just standing next to...
I just came here to give a virtual *high five* to all the >6 females  .... read through some of the previous exchange in this thread. Made me think of this article titled: How Many People Have you...
Nice to see other veggie ENFJs out there =)   I've been vegetarian for about 7 years (with the occasional consumption of fish). Of course, I tend to make the exception that whenever I travel to...
A couple of weeks late... but here's a Happy New Year picture for you all! Me on the left and my ESFP dance partner/guru/friend on the right, who continually inspires me & warms my heart. <3 59202
I generally think it's more beneficial to stay on good terms than not, with the exception of being completely screwed over by your ex (in which case, i'd tell them to fuck off).   Granted, trying...
Oh man -- yeah, so my best friend does exactly that... and she's an ESTJ. Sometimes yes it was indeed circumstantial -- but admittedly other times it was a lapse in judgement and I simply forgot to...
ooo...  I'm Blue, Sensitive Tan, Violet  Also i'm a type 2 (so/sx/sp). Sounds about right!
AH! this is me...   So most of the other responses were in reference to SO's.... in which I'm in agreement on. I'm definitely not a jealous lover. BUT I can be a bit of a jealous friend. I don't...
This is a great question.   Akin to the other responses... I also feel like I'm an open book. Willing to share very personal information, and generally very relatable to all types of people that I...
How are old are you?  In my late 20's  Where are you from?  California   How long have you been on Personality Cafe? lurker for 1yr, active for 3ish months  Other forums you frequent other...
Hmm. yeah. I do the same when i'm slowly transitioning out of a romantic interest into a platonic one.   Like i previously stated, my preference is to remain friends...  especially if we've taken...
eek.... this is definitely me. So i don't think it's necessarily exclusive to ENFJ males.  I don't know what it is, but I tend to know if there's something there or not relatively quickly (2-3...
His Fe shining through during his speech to his campaign staff, post election results...   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBK2rfZt32g][SIZE=2
Here's an article in the huff post about ENTJ Romney vs. ENFJ Obama written back in September. A pretty interesting read & run-through of why the two are typed that way.
Likewise..   Only, when I first meet another ENFJ (and i don't know it yet), we'll totally vibe and the connection is off the chart. I feel like whenever I meet new ENFJs, they're all so...
Ahh I also VERY briefly dated an ENFJ about a year ago. We immediately clicked right off the bat, and I felt like we got each other emotionally -- more than I've ever had with another person. But...
Ahh yeah... well he wasn't/isn't always like that. I just listed the worst of the worst that pissed me off.... I could go on and list all of the wonderful positive INTP functions. But that wouldn't...
Lol... just want to preface this with the fact that this isn't an  attack... I'm listing what seriously pissed me off about my ex-INTP bf. Needless to say, my list should be taken with a grain of...
I'm more or less very self aware.... and also aware that i can be pretty twisted sometimes when i want my way. Being a master of the art of inception can be dangerous. With great power, comes great...
To me, I feel like Halloween kicks off the Holiday season here in the states....  Pumpkin carving transitions us to pumpkin eating, which then fattens us all up for 2 months of insatiable gorging...
Whoo hooo! Time to share Halloween pics:  51811 Costume 1: This is me and my INFP bud. I'm Krysta from Ferngully, and he's a scout.   51812 Costume 2: cheesy robin costume that I borrowed. My...
I would answer your question with... yes, but it depends. ha.   But in the content of your context provided... i would have to lean more toward the he's prob being friendly. When I was in college,...
lol, as i was reading this i was thinking.. pshhh. isn't this the pot calling the kettle black??  But you redeemed yourself in the last line. haha. ;)
oooooo same.... uck. There are two rules that I try to abide by if I know it's going to be a late night.   1) One drink an hour rule. This one helps me keep my composure, considering the fact that...
Ahh yeah -- I have two very close INFP's in my life (one male, one female). When I first met them, I was drawn to each of them and we immediately clicked with an elevated level of understanding that...
Left of the center. Although I seriously believe the issues that are important to me are non-partisan... unfortunately there's a tendency for things to naturally get politicized even if they affect...
So I read this article today: 9 People You Become When You're Drunk ---- SUPER HILARIOUS BTW.   And indeed, I'm definitely not all of these when I'm drunk, and I may have a higher affinity toward...
I'm guilty as charged for doing this.... but only after long drawn out emotional turmoil and consistently getting burned by the hot potato at hand.   Like the responses above me, I do keep a wide...
Locally made, eco-friendly, reclaimed wooden earrings. =)   50493
Ahh i'm guilty as charged for joining the Meetup and not (yet) attending an event. You're about an hour away - so not that far, but just out of the way enough to make it difficult to fit in my...
Good Question!   You know, i never even really thought of it myself until this very moment. There are things that I 'notice' first that catches my eye... but then there are other things that draw...
I guess i'd just like to echo what's already been articulated in this tread by everyone else...   Personally, I tend to internalize criticism, whether it's constructive or destructive. Outwardly...
This thread is hilarious btw! love love love reading through these posts.    In all of the recent threads that I've been able to briefly read  through, I feel like ENFJ's are quite good at...'"


1336: 'I feel kind of separated from everything and everyone, more so than usual, and there's so much work on and too much to do and nobody will gain from it anyway, I've been feeling constantly lethargic...
It's interesting about the finger ratios. Mine was 0.90 on the left hand and 0.91 on the right. That's more testosterone in the womb than the average male...
Of course! I didn't mean to imply that. I was kind of going on the scenario of not being able to persuade them otherwise, having already tried. I should've been clearer.
I'm a type 9, so I juggle trying to maintain peace between everyone with my hate for being involved in any kind of conflict.
I believe it was someone on Perc, and I can't remember who, who once said something along the lines of: Everyone's entitled to their own opinion, no matter how prejudiced or wrong they might be....
The side I try to never show is how selfish I am, because that's not a desirable characteristic. I mean, it's not like I'm always selfish or that I always do what I prefer, but there's definitely a...
That's cute! Let him wear what he wants. Girls can be tomboys, so boys can wear 'girl' clothes. Shoes are no big deal. If the other kids didn't tease him, nobody's getting hurt.
Well, Chickpea is one. Mostly in school my nicknames were banter-like and not serious (at least I hope haha): The Man, The Fat One, Thing, The Hobbit, etc.
In The Last Battle by C.S Lewis, I think it has a good analogy in there, at the end. I can't really remember but it was something to do with a guy who was raised to hate Aslan (Aslan = Jesus) and he...
1. How idealistic are you? Relatively, quite highly idealistic, compared to what I see from most people. I can tell the difference between ideals and reality, though. Ideals are the goal, I keep...
I'm generally a cheerful person- as fun as it was to angst as a teenager, being happy is much much better, so I try to do so.  I figure, I'm always worrying if my friends are unhappy, so the least I...
I'm not sure. I tend to vary between knowing what's best for myself and forgetting it, fluidly. I can't seem to work out any correlation of the timing/type of situation, though.
I've noticed some of the ENFJs (myself included) are listed as gender neutral.  So, here's a gender test.  It's quite long, but different from the usual agree-disagree scale test.   Here's my...
dear INFP friend, thank you so much. you have no idea how much it means that you can swallow your pride and apologise. seriously, I really respect that. and I'm impressed you could even tell that it...
dear INFP friend, good plan, why don't you just insult everything I believe in? sigh. sincerely, chickpeaax.
Sometimes I just really, really hate human nature.
I do tend to think of things as being 'other people' and then 'me'. But that's probably because I do think differently from most of the people I know. They're constantly telling me I'm weird. It's...
Pretty much this.
I have a terrible memory in general, except for direction which I for some reason can remember perfectly (eg if I were to take a car journey I took once years ago I'd be able to remember the way...
Sorry to be the one to introduce the TL;DR.  How bizarre is it that humans have this specific feeling for when they want to be with another person, like that makes no sense, there is no physical...
I don't like showing emotion outwardly. It's stupid, I know, but I feel like a wuss.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFkzRNyygfk
Dear all PerC members,  Happy New Year, ahead of time. Unless you're living somewhere where it's already 2012. I hope it's a good year for you all. New Year's resolution: spend more time here and...
Dear life,  Slow down, please? I miss having free time.   sincerely, a chickpeaax who hasn't been on PerC for almost a month save for a few lurking occasions and is very sorry to have deserted...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qMXBUjm8tM&ob=av2e fun.- Be Calm  I've reclaimed the use of my imagination for better or for worse, I've yet to know but I always knew you'd be the one to...
Welcome to PerC! We should get all the ESFJs to, I dunno, gang up and take over. Except we'd probably just end up asking people how they feel and then sticking to our own forum again, so hmm. I don't...
I never talk about people behind their backs and when I hear other people doing so, I stick up for the person who's not there, even if I don't like them and think they're in the wrong- everyone needs...
I'd say mostly A with some B (but not all- I'd ask questions but not give much solid advice because I could give awful advice. I'd ask questions that might lead them to finding their own decision.)...
Welcome back!
I'm sorry for disappearing! Of course it wouldn't be an intrusion! I didn't mean to disappear completely, I just have a very busy month but I'm still lurking and I'll be back soon! I'm sorry.
Dear... I don't know, someone.   November is going to be painfully stressful and I have a lot to do, I didn't say before but I didn't have much time for the internet over the last couple of weeks,...
What! This song has been in my head for eight hours and I come on here and it's been posted! XD
Dear Mad World,  Get out of my head! You're driving me insane!  Sincerely, someone who has had the same song in her head for... eight hours, now.
I miss you. It's ridiculous. You've been away for two days. I spend a lot of days away from you normally, but only now my mind decides to make me miss you? I don't want to be dependent on one person....
strangely, I seem to rhyme it with 'on' when singular, and 'own' when plural. I never realised this until just now. That's a bit weird of me, right?
Seriously, does everyone else enjoy 'deep' conversations? Maybe it's my Sensing side, but I hate it.  I think about 'deep' things near constantly, but when it comes to discussing them, everyone...
Dear four male friends of unknown personalities,  I find it sort of funny that you're gossiping about people we know, while I'm watching football and police chases on youtube. Way to break the...
Racism is one of the few ways to make me angry (Level 3 anger, as you put it in another thread).  Just reading about this is making my hands shake and that's when I'm nowhere near the situation.   ...
Gonna be honest, I spend most of my free time on the internet. Very sociable, I know.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SY-c-_sZ8LI&ob=av2n
I already knew what the ending was before playing it (a friend told me :/) so I knew what to expect... when I was near the end, I wanted to stop playing so that the ending wouldn't happen. But I did...
Niccolo Machiavelli, you use so many smileys, it's amazing!
Dear Aizar,  Thank you! That means so much to me. Thank you!!  sincerely, a chickpeaax who is getting a bit wobbly and seriosuly appreciating the people on this forum.
Dear Jawz,  Thank you. So much. Seriously.  Sincerely an ExFJ who seems to have lost the ability to write proper sentences.
I treat it as a joke, laugh it off. (or, you know, laugh it off internally if it's inappropriate to do so out loud).  I usually don't take anything personally and it's been said that it's...
Dear Etherea, Jawz, Selene,   Oh my gosh you guys I'm tearing up right now and am so amazed that you care. Seriously, you don't know how much that means. Gosh.  Jawz, you guessed right. It was...
tumblr.  that is all.
Exactly. This is EXACTLY me.  Nobody gets why I don't allow myself to get angry. It's because I know I have to capability to destroy someone when angry.   They say Fe has a high threshold for...
Nooooo. I'm a much worse friend than almost all of my friends are.
you're so weird  thanks for being there for me  I'd love to see what goes on in your head. It must be such a happy place. (I always laugh at this, because on some parts, it is. In other...'"


1338: 'And then, what does one say about the NATURAL ENXJ??  I've never taken a single temp-indicator which didn't have me finishing dead-even in T and F.  I have a VERY strong sense of justice and...
I can't even BEGIN to count how many times this has happened... I'll always have to ask the other person to backtrack so I can remember what I was saying--this happens during any conversation longer...
Greetings.  I'm a relatively OLD ENFJ, so believe I can speak from a vast degree of experience in saying the above pretty much represents the mentally healthy ENFJ.    Sadly, just about every...
Ahhhh.... You INFx types never cease to amaze me in turning a quick phrase.  Beautifully said and well written.  Thanks for saying in 5 words and 2 numbers what it would take me paragraphs to say.
LOL!  Yes... true.  We are definitely powerful personalities (or tend to be, based on emotional health, character, intellect, et. al.), and we give of ourselves freely and easily.  From the viewpoint...
That surprises me, quite honestly.  My very best friends are generally ENFPs and ENTJs, as we're all intuitive, all LOVE hypotheticals and discussing them.     If I may, what is it you've found to...
As an ENFJ myself,  I find the vast majority of NT's and SPs to be the most difficult to deal with.  They are, according to strong theory, the non-cooperators, with SPs being specifically difficult...
I agree with you 100% regarding it being unethical to knowingly manipulate people's thoughts, frame of mind, and/or actions, at least when it's doing it against their own best interest.  I don't...
They won't let me edit it now, but apparently having ISFJ on the mind made me type ESFJ instead of ENFJ where I state my type.  I just wanted to clarify for all, I'm an ENFJ, and quite obviously an...
Hey Kawwwayan... I'm an ESFJ and am answering this close to 2 years after you posted it, but I am curious about one thing (well, maybe 2 or 3).  It seems like you feel sad you are the type you are,...
I'd been meaning to thank you for quite awhile for this Madame Kiwi :), because from the past times we've written to one another, you seem to get me, seem to understand  that it would literally HURT...
Exactly... which was kind of my point.  A true villain works from pure self interest, and by definition, any sane SJ or NF can NOT operate out of pure self-interest by definition.  It's certainly...
vinndi  Considering this site based itself originally on the Keirsey definitions, and not the Jungian-Freudian combo of the secondary functions, one would really have to state just whose INFP we're...
If you're going to consider Sweeney Todd a villain, then what you're really talking about are Anti-Heroes, and not pure villains.   I could EASILY make ANY NF or SJ (the two cooperative types to the...
Who is it you think was an ENFJ villian?  People who would manipulate people emotionally in order to hurt them CERTAINLY wouldn't be NFs or SJs or ANY kind.  I could see an ENTJ villian, an INTJ...
This is very interesting because it's extremely close to what she told me--that she's often unaware of how her actions affect others, that she'll forget what are considered common courtesies.  You...
You never did say what made you think I MANDATED hugs.  If you look at the original post, I say SHE used to give ME hugs, and they were never mandated, and I can't imagine what would make you think I...
@KC, thanks for the 2 cents.  I think we both know, as ENFJs, we give wonderful, insightful advice to other people, but when we're involved, we're often far too close, sometimes sacrificing so much...
You are ALL taking the hug thing VERY VERY Wrong.  We'd been hugging each other LONG before she moved in.  We were very good friends as well as her being my employee.  She appreciated hugs from me...
MANDATE????  Heck no!  She was talking about me adopting her and becoming her father and SHE started hugging ME! without me asking.  She would tell me how much she appreciated everything I was doing...
As strange as this may sound, this is exactly what I needed to hear.  It's almost word for word the same advice i'd give someone else in my situation... but do I really feel okay (she's already out...
Well, you know how accurate our intuition is, and after the first, say, 2 months they were here, I sensed a somewhat drastic change for the worse.  Their job was to keep the place clean, do the...
Thank you both for telling me what I pretty much already knew.  I just had to make sure I wasn't doing, in effect, the wrong thing, or something outrageously selfish.  I really went out on a limb for...
The question I have for all of you is what's the right thing to do? but I know you can't answer that without some background.  The background, however, is LONG LONG LONG and detailed and will take...
I realize you wrote this a LONG long time ago, however I wanted to let you know I empathize. I've a Ph.D. in Human Behavior and have been both teaching it and researching it for over a decade now,...
If you want something talked about (or talked to), ask an NF If you want something thought about, ask an NT If you want something avoided or delayed, ask an SP If you want something done, ask an...
YES YES YES!!!!  That's my point.  The sex isn't what builds the intimacy.  It's the talking and cuddling which do that.  Sex is, at least in my relationships, the crescendo, the coda of intimacy. ...
I suppose it would depend upon the person, but in my experience, it's the 6 hour long cuddling session, looking into one another's eyes and just talking about life which really endear me to a woman. ...
Of course, the ENFJ finds the INTJs retreat quite annoying (probably just as annoying as you find our desire to continue talking), as for many if not the vast majority of us, interpersonal...
I haven't as I didn't see the point, but then I didn't know anything about the different types when I took the KTI, but I've known LOTS of people who have, or at least answered the questions in a way...
When I was just out of college, only 21 years old with a Master's degree, and had a wife to feed and a house and 2 car payments (along with paying for my wife to finish college), I couldn't keep up...
Quite a bit actually.  As Mei pointed out quite awhile ago, Eastern philosophy is based on harmony, fairness, and purity.  Those are three driving forces in how I try to live my life.  It's no...
Yes. I tell you exactly that.  When I talk about judgement, I speak of right or wrong, good or evil.  I am not speaking about personal preference, or opinion.  I feel we should ALL feel free to...
Hey, as I said originally. I am all for letting those of you who want to get them, get them.  By all means!  And if you do, I hope you're genuinely thrilled with it for the rest of your life.  That...
Actually Ernest, from the responses on here, even those of us who've grown up in a society where tattoos are all the rage (the U.S.), we're finding ENFJs on here, for the most part, consider their...
Given that, I think you'd find anyone who had the physical capability of killing another (e.g. holding a loaded gun, a grenade, a Stinger missile, an RPG, you get the idea) would be able to, even if...
Before I go into the personality to which, at least IME, I've found myself most attracted, I want to go into some reasons, IMO, I believe everyone should be careful when making dating decisions or...
Just out of sheer curiosity, did you hear about this on the show I Survived? It reminds me of one of their stories where a woman was kidnapped and raped repeatedly by her captor, but eventually...
Does killing an enemy soldier at war with you count? Or perhaps I should say, you should take that into account, as, before I went to war, there was no WAY I could kill someone.  Having spent just...
I'm really kind of amazed how many of us, myself included, consider tattoos a pollution of our bodies.  I feel precisely the same way. I'm just really surprised we are all, more or less, with a few...
I was pretty certain at the end of the entire thing I wrote it included many generalizations and when we're talking about personality types, anything not directly attributed to a personality type...
Unquestionably! Idealists, on the whole, are motivated by helping OTHER people.  Guardians are motivated by protecting tradition, society, culture, and the law. Rationalists are motivated by helping...
I agree 100%, but then i'm an ENFJ.  The temperaments are EXCELLENT guidelines, especially if you know all of the temps very well, understand there idiosyncrasies, tendencies, strengths, weaknesses,...
Crono  You may have seen me post elsewhere (especially over in the dating by temperament section, so to speak) re: defining terms and I do believe it's paramount before entering into any debate,...
Happy about Nothing. Simply put (something almost impossible for those of us who are ENFJs), INTJs are the interpersonal polar opposite from ENFJs.  When I was younger, less experienced, I might've ...
If you ever run into the arguments between ENFJs and INTJs, believe it or not, you'll find the INTJs are SOOOO confused by our genuine desire to help others, desire to see other people happy, they...
Oh heavens! yes... :happy: If not every single woman I've dated for any period of time has said that, I would say probably 98% did (guessing I might have missed 1 in ~50). On the back end of...
Crono Yep!  I've had to really learn how to more selfish about my needs, and not at all surprisingly, it took having an LTR with this great ENFJ female who taught me there are others out there like...
Jawz  And undoubtedly you feel almost obligated to be there for them, right?  We, the ENFJs of the world, are indeed the sh*t when it comes to being someone's best friend, or mate.  At least that's...
LOL!  No, I'm honestly not, but it's REALLY funny it keeps happening.  This happened with one other person too and I didn't realize it with them (her) either until she pointed it out.  When I see...'"


1387: 'Good to know! Thanks :-)
but but but ... I can't hug both my cows at the same time! My arms are too short :-(
:-) welcome to the club
oooo I love your list. I haven't seen Wargames but the rest of the movies Rock!! I love Star Trek Insurrection. And Meet Me In St. Louis. I'm a huge Judy fan. Also seven brides for seven brothers.
Has anyone read Pillars of the Earth, and seen the mini-series? Can I get your opinion on both?  I've read Pillars multiple times, and love it. Its my favourite book of all time. But I was...
Walking. My balance is horrible, I walk into things all the time.   And I always forget my age. Which makes me sound old and like I have memory problems, but I'm only .... carry the 1 .... uh ........
Well, my legal first name which I don't use, and definitely do not like, was my mothers choice. It was the 70's and she named be after a character in a Latino song, which is odd, considering I am as...
That I'm a good listener, and that I look 26 XD
Iced Mocha at Starbucks.
What if .... ifs and buts were candy and nuts?
Some people are afraid of what is different from themselves, but others honestly believe they are better than others. Some because of hardships their ancestors have gone through, and so feel being...
LMAO!!  That article is the stupidest thing I ever read. I'm not on Facebook because I'm not interested enough in peoples everyday ramblings about how often they go to the bathroom, and what...
I will remember you - Sarah Mclachlan
I can totally relate to this. I'm 5'10 and 160 lbs. I always get comments about how skinny I am but its all about proportion. I'm not tiny. But sometimes in my head I feel like I am. I have...
Same :-) Doesn't apply to every tall skinny Caucasian guy, but the general area is right.
I think that's reasonable to believe. Around people I know, I'm a total chatterbox and a social butterfly, but if I'm around someone I don't know how to read, or that I'm unsure about, then I tend to...
lol!!! that was awesome.   I've only been with one partner. And I didn't sleep with him until after we were married. Haven't been with anyone since I've been divorced. I wouldn't look down at all...
LOL!! I've heard that one before, but the part about the vaseline is new lmao. Ew I can totally picture it now ..... XP   A woman accompanies her husband to the doctor's office. After his checkup,...
That is what I do as well. It helps me to get a really good playlist on my mp3 player or phone too :)   Also if you have any artistic inclinations, I got bored one weekend when I was grounded (and...
Could you give us an idea of what you want to express?
I was very disappointed with the mini series made of Pillars of the Earth. They had an underlying implication of an incestious realtionship between one of the main villians and his mother. They...
Ahahaha! Ya well, that ain't gonna happen ...
Thank you! I'm actually quite good at grasping the obvious. Its one of my more admirable traits.
A TESTICLE!! Oh. Was that supposed to be rhetorical?
Ahhhhh. Well, to each his own. If we were all the same, the world would be a pretty boring place.
I just got midnight blue myself. Its a navy with a purple shine and little blue sparkles. and I got a flower painted on ;-)
Just out of curiosity, how many think the girls took their number so they could get rid of them and then block them lol  Honestly if the guy from the first vid ever approached me, and tried that...
What colours do you  prefer? (If your a guy, and you don't paint your own nails, is there a colour you like to see on women?)
I LOVE that movie. We did a reenactment of one of the songs once. I think it was the one where they were comparing themselves to lonely farm animals lol
The Stoning of Soraya M. - Based on a true story.
Bob was in trouble. He forgot his wedding anniversary. His wife was really pissed.  She told him Tomorrow morning, I expect to find a gift in the driveway that goes from 0 to 200 in 6 seconds...
They answer -- Its Complicated in response to a simple question.  (thank you. That doesn't answer a thing ... except that you don't want to answer my question.)
HA!! I do that ALL the time. And I like the idea of getting extra food out of a restaurant by plucking a hair ...  Confession: Being tickled turns me on.
At the moment, I am relaxing and listening to the cicadas a few birds and a couple of squirrels.  While watching Drop Dead Diva. However if you are into sexy, easy listening music, with a rougher...
It was this part of the description that I really felt was describing me:  ENFJ's tend to be more reserved about exposing themselves than other  extraverted types.  Although they may have...
Hey! I'm new too. Look forward to getting to know you :proud:
I said no to drugs, but they just wouldn't listen.
If you can stay calm while all around you is chaos, then you probably haven't completely understood the situation.
I'm not an ISTJ - But this made me laugh.   Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you  can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs
Thanks! I looked into both, and I feel like I may relate more to ENFJ.
Nope. I'm not sure of anything. That was just the latest results from the last time I took the quiz. So I should probably remove that.
So I've kind of been typed but it seems to change, or there are too many discrepancies. So I need some help.I was told to fill this out and post it.  Feel free to ask any additional questions. I...
I think the idea of wearing the white with a coloured cardigan would work out really well. Its a summer wedding, so it will be nice and light for the pictures.
I had a t-shirt with this on it!!
I've never wanted to be a specific superhero, but I have wanted to have specific super-powers, from the X-Men mostly. I would most like to have Dr. Jean Greys telepathic abilities, and a few other...
I still love Arthur by Marc Brown. I would love to live in that town :) and the house always looks so cheerful, and cozy.
I eat soda crackers with ketchup.
Micheal Scofield!! Prison Break. He's hot and my current obsession. But Tomahome from The Mysterious Play is running a close second.
I don't understand designers. Its as if they flunked anatomy. -- Erma Bombeck'"


1417: 'It's possible the future will look more like the past, with families moving outside the cities to live on larger lots and to grow the majority of their own food, with more and more people being able...
I'm willing to bet the majority of folk in most urban areas commute back and forth down the main thoroughfares, so buses running loops will work just fine as it does for NY and their subways. On the...
More people need to work from home, More people need to compost their food scraps, More people need to grow organic gardens eat healthier and reduce pharmaceutical consumption, More people need...
Individual transportation doesn't make a whole lot of sense. We have the internet and gps, why not have buses that run loops and have online maps that track their locations. 50+ cars heading the same...
They are not the cheapest when you take into account negative externalities like ocean acidificatoin, and air/water/land pollution. They just happen to be the most profitable because for instance...
Carcinogenic Chemicals to be precise.
The fauna don't need jobs making chemicals. Maslow's hierarchy of needs; the fauna need Fresh Air, Organic Food, Clean Water, All of that is being taken away!
I fear the children of this nation will be left with nothing but polluted lands, air, and water. I fear they are being sold out to corporate pollution for profit. I fear the people of this land will...
The flora and fauna are too high on fracking fluid, methane and co2 to know what the hell hit them. I suspect a large number of the people who go along with the farce year after year are drinking the...
Donating to their front pocket yes, to their back pockets, another story.
Maybe in the case of Iceland or France I could agree with you; In the U.S. I respectfully disagree with your assumption. To the point anyone have any suggestion of a name? Before we are...
Did you know that The United States is the 2nd largest energy consumer and the majority of the energy consumed in the U.S. is derived from fossil fuels, in 2010, data showed 25% of the nation's...
Presidents are sold to the public and hired by the Oil & Gas Companies. The U.S. is a corporatocracy get your facts clear.
Any suggestions ?
Somewhere between 'Idiocracy' & 'Blade Runner'.
I'd like to hear your examples of how an ENTP would properly go about screening potential suitors. Any specific tricks or tests or psychology/reverse psychology that are fair game ? For instance...
And the idea is to...
Is it common for ENFJ's to enjoy to read the news ?  What news is of interest to you ?
It is ok to lie if the other party knows the truth and a lie is for pleasantries; to be clear I would make the truth irrefutably clear, ENFJ's can meticulously determine the truth in minute detail...
The current system control establishes/mandates social & economic norms.  Alternative will be to revert to innate systems.  If the gvt's (current form) did not exist tomorrow , what would...
...a decade or two of chaos then hopefully something better will come along...
In the future if the top 1% do not maintain the foundation that supported & enabled them then the capitalist system will collapse.
Google’s self-driving car - SmartPlanet
In the future global social structural development will occur more rapidly through use of an Online Open Political Discussion Platform that will enable all eligible citizens to negotiate...
And that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth. ~ Ole Abe, He was a dreamer, shame he has to now rollover in his grave. The same government whose...
I recall the scene in 1984 where he walks into his apartment and describes the screen on his wall that monitors him and his one corner where he is out of view.  Between the TSA and DHS I am half...
Words don't kill people. People kill people. Words foster ideas. Ideas for good or evil.  Ideological wars are more powerful that any bomb.  If the gov't wants to fight a war they should write a...
Total: 50MM USD  Operations Budget Day (1-365):  Lease top floors 5,6,7 The Ritz London (365 days) Est. 5MM USD  Assemble team 45,000 * 50 = 2.25MM USD  Lease Bulk Carrier 365 Days = 4.5MM USD
I wonder do ENTPs have the Juevos and will to cross desserts mountains oceans seeking out their dream or do they give up and settle ?
That reminds me of the monologue at the end of Trainspotting.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0D4ekTODuA  Due to circumstance beyond my control my cast has been limited as of late.  Reality has...
No one gets to write their own story.  In the end I choose to be so stubborn.  I might not get to fill in the blanks,  but I can sure as hell write the madlib!   Starri, Thank you for that...
I watched this film, having been recommended it twice this month.  The less you know about someone the more your mind will fill in the blanks.  And you really don't want to let go of someone you...
Nonsense, she returned, nonsense. This will pass in no time. Never, Estella! You will get me out of your thoughts in a week. Out of my thoughts! You are part of my existence, part of...
Great Expectations!  Something of the Pip & Estella genre.  She is ENTP.
A decade and 1/2 her senior That is > than 1/2 her life I hope fate to teach me irony One divided was not enough
A decade on this earth and I had found a diamond in the rough.  A decade later I returned to find a true flawless blue.  Had been cased not a week before; Robbed by a false idol, what could I do...
I live among the creatures of the night  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RWDMf9NcKg
Starri, I am glad to humor you with my delusions. I have had a flawed perception of reality I dreamt first and when reality did not follow suit my mind was left deceived, accordingly it adapted to...
Starri maybe you can help me seeing as you are part of the 1% that can have an original idea! As we are posting on a personality forum I won't convolute my dilemma with a vague analogy; my same...
Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results ~Einstein  I had an Aha Moment today when reflecting to answer a very simple question What did I expect?  Well...
To earn 1MM USD, it is not the $ but the experience the trials and tribulations that give you strength. Money is pissed away by those who have no appreciation I both pity and despise recipients of...
I watched a few clips of this on the u-tube, they sound like ST's to me. To elaborate NT's are guarded and hide their true selves. In their minds they have this formula something like, money +...
NT's are like the people on the TV. They talk, they smile, and they look so perfect, at the end of the day it's all just an act. They are so concerned with how they are perceived that they lose their...
I hear thinkers say I feel way more often than feelers especially when they are trying to describe a group sentiment...e.g. I feel like everyone /or your....
That's Abitsilly, Ignorance is to blame not man. Who's the more foolish: The fool, or the fool who follows him?
love ?, money ?  What do you regret ?  What would you have done different ?  What do you value more; love ? stability ? connection ? chemistry ?  To those in their 20s, Do you look to the now...
a bit off topic but say an extrovert went all NF&P on an NT (reacquainted childhood sweetheart) say by writing(typing) letters every few days (for a year) and sent quite a few songs (think sappy 70s)...
I prefer to fly under the radar, to much attention and you lose your anonymity. I'm quite alright with not being liked saves me the trouble of being fake.  Though I must note that its a rare...
Re Moving Quickly: Physically? and/or Emotionally?  I am extraordinarily particular with whom I date or open up to. If I don't see the potential for a long term relationship I wont bother period. ...
An ENTP... and not in a good way I still can't sit on that part of my ass it's a little sore, I think she drew blood..   ...let's try a revised approach to this inquiry...... what types do enjoy...'"


1443: 'You are such a good friend.  She is lucky to have you as a friend. :)
I am sorry to hear :(  If your ISFJ is like my husband, it might be a long while before she can pick herself back up because once they have invested in a relationship, they get in there deeply.  He...
My ISFJ husband is very private and quite sensitive.  When he has any problems, he does not want to involve others.  Knowing him all these years, when he becomes unusually quiet, I know something is...
This depends on who you are with.  I just typed my husband the other day and believe he is an ISFJ.  He is very committed and is willing to do whatever it takes to to keep our relationship strong. ...
You will find it useful :)  My adviser looked at the results of my DiSC test, and knowing how I am, she strongly advised me to pursue leadership positions.  In our Personnel Management class, we...
Thanks for sharing :)  Btw, I just tried to type my husband.  I think he is an isfj :)
I like ambulatory most.
Dear Poptart:  The reason why I posted my interpretations of your avatar and your nickname was because I had a strong feeling that beneath the serious exterior that you want to present to the...
To answer your question, I was referring to something really specific.  But, I don't want to go into much details about this. :)  It was not for them to neglect their own dreams/ambitions.  It was...
But, your nick poptart tells me that there is sensitivity within you, but you don't want to express it.  You want to put up a tough front.  This also tells me that you prefer specific things and...
Ok, Poptart, let me be the second one, after your teacher LOL  Hmm...let's see.  A look at your avatar tells me that you like to be serious.  You don't want to waste your time with creativity. ...
If you are interested in handling different personalities for purposes of work, I would like to suggest you to also look into the DISC personality test.  This is more directly related to work because...
I don't want to see myself as a leader of any sorts.  I simply see myself as sharing my dreams, my ambitions with others.  Yes, I have persuaded quite a few others to share my dreams/ambitions.  I...
Speaking of leadership, there is a difference between a leader and a manager (or leadership and management).  They both assume leadership roles.  A leader needs to see the big picture; he/she needs...
I feel so much love for my husband that I do not know how to express enough of my feelings sometimes.  Between the two of us, I am the expressive one while he mainly shows his love through actions. ...
Hello, let me be the first one who replies to your thread :P  How are old are you? I am in my early 30's.  Where are you from? I am from America.  How long have you been on Personality Cafe?...
This is my all-time favorite song :)  My Way - Frank Sinatra     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egY8rUpxqcE
My husband starts to pray more as he finds praying helps to calm him down at work.  He is a medical doctor, so, often times, he gets really stressed out at work. :(  Btw, I don't know his MBTI...
1) Why did you choose this career?  As a child, I knew that a career in the health profession was my calling.  I did very well in school, grade-wise, and love the sciences, so here I am today,...
I like to cook for other people and have no problem sharing my food.  You and I have something else in common:  I am a vegan. :)
Right Here Waiting For You - Richard Marx     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLi_osYNsOU&feature=related
Because You Loved Me - Celine Dion     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_r8pDziQKE&feature=related
I like simplicity.  Simplicity is how I would like to dress:  a pair of jeans, a formfitting T-shirt, and a blazer when it is cold out, like this: ...
I finished 4 years of college and went on to get my Doctor of Pharmacy degree.  So, what did you come up with??
I Will Always Love You - Whitney Houston     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JWTaaS7LdU
One More Try - George Michael     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bG5N3GC-m20
I believe ENFJs do well in careers that allow us to deal with people.  I have a PharmD (Doctor of Pharmacy) degree.  I love what I do because it allows me to help people.
A kind face.
Hello - Lionel Richie     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_ILDFp5DGA
You all look great.  Thanks for sharing your pictures. :)  I suppose I must share mine as well.      http://i1285.photobucket.com/albums/a593/Cloud_Nine2010/myselff_zpsb09aac47.jpg
This, I Promise You - Ronan Keating     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFyZ04j0Qxw
You Are Still The One - Shania Twain    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNZH-emehxA
Unbreak My Heart - Toni Braxton     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2Rch6WvPJE
You Needed Me - Anne Murray   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrOdxw5CHX8
I have always liked to observe how someone treats a person who can do nothing for him/her.  This tells me a whole lot about the real character of that person :)
74    This explains why I am a vegan.
I suspect my older brother might be an ENFJ as well, but I am not so sure. :D  He is the most wonderful brother in the whole world :) Very protective, and extremely generous :)   I will ask my...
My honey's family used to have a big dog.  He thought the dog would bark when I came to meet his parents for the first time.  In fact, my honey expected the dog to bark, and that way he would come to...
ever since I was young, I knew that I had a special bond with animals :)  Wounded birds would let me care for them :)  I took them in and cared for them, and I set them free once they were well...
they are lovely, aren't they? I just love them little animals :)
animals just love me, and I them :)  People say I have a way with them little animals :laughing:  They are not afraid of me at all :)  I am always surrounded by little animals no matter where I am...
my cousin graduated from Harvard Medical School.  He is an INFJ.
Animals don't fear me at all. :)  Little birds at public parks would literally eat out of my hand.  People's dogs and cats warm up to me, licking me up and down after a few hours of meeting me. ...
On second thought, my greatest achievement thus far was to be given a merit-based scholarship to get my Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD) degree.  I suppose my hard work during 4 years in college paid off...
I work well with positive reinforcements.  When I need to do something, I set a date to get it done and reward myself with something I enjoy doing once I do get it done on schedule :)  This makes...
i am the the younger of 2. :)
I don't wear make-up, not even lip gross.  No foundation!  The only things I use on my face are sun-screen,  moisturizer, and eye-liners to make my eyes more interesting :blushed:  I am an ENFJ. ...
one of the biggest compliments I received from someone  was when she passed an extremely important exam.  It was an exam that basically defined her life.  Based on that exam, she could either walk...
thank you.  Now I am less confused :laughing:  yeah, I am always doing something and interacting with people over the internet :D  I have to have some sorts of interactions with people :)  Parties...
so, I think I am an xNFJ.  I and E are still a bit confusing to me though.  I don't party often. The last time I was at a party was more than a month ago.  I would prefer staying inside to read a...'"


1449: What you have described is pretty much the definition of an eating disorder...  This thread is really sad, I think alot of you are inn denial and I've had alot of friends suffer and struggle with...
Haha, thats awesome
You're friend is very beautiful.
Affection often, friendship.  Emotional instability/conflict, judgement.
Yeah, my insight into what makes other people tick lends me the ability to hurt people deeply when I choose to, and regrettably I sometimes do it on impulse is someone pisses me off or I get stressed...
Treat your personality disorder first, then persue the relationship otherwise you'll just fuck everything up.
Fuck all ya'll  I just want to stack paper and achieve, thats how I am feeling.
A lot of limp wristed 'I wanna kill myself' emo shit up in here.  I prefer my anger and angst to be directed outwards, lol  Three of my favourite albums where I enjoyed every song on the album,...
I love this, thanks for posting, I'll read up some more and follow up with you.
2nd Generation Irish Canadian.  Culturally, I am a whiteboy who grew up black in a Chinese neighbourhood, ebonic speaking gwailo dailo style.
I grew up thinking I had to be tough to be a real man, it kind of evolved as a reaction to my own sensitivity and feelings of inadequacy I thought that I had to be a tough guy or gangster to be...
Once again, i think youve hit the nail on the head. The reality is life sucks sometimes, it really does. Unfortunately being an INFJ or a sensetive person in general you feel the hurt and...
Quick answer for you, I don't, I just know when its important to express myself and when its not.
I know how you feel because I've had a similar experience and I work in the same industry. Globally, the financial sector is in a secular decline and will likely be that way for the next two-five...
He asked for help and it sounds like he's fucked up so i shared my experience, whats your problem?
oh you're the unhealthy person, well id say people should walk away from you. In your case, I'd seek professional help, it will probably be impossible for you to manage change on your own because...
Walk away, unhealthy people need professional help and usually they can't really help themselves because the thought processes an values of an unhealthy mind can't be fixed or counselled by the same...
They can be incredibly akward and annoying. most are quite insecure/lack self esteem when they have no reason to be. They are incredibly stubborn and unyielding in their views despite overwhelming...
Sex and lots of it.
I hate working for small companies, no room for advancement, no control, typically no scale so there is no real learning opportunities and working for entrepreneurs sucks because they usually aren't...
Bro, get your fucking head straight, maybe you shouldn't be in a relationship until you figure your own shit out.
My career, It feels like I am always five years behind where I should be. I feel like I will never have the opportunity to achieve what I know I am capable of.  Im just frustrated and depressed.
Anti Social Personality Disorder - it would cloud any attempt to give a an accurate MBTI
i like that...
You need to ask this guy out!!  If someone told me they felt that way about me I would be totally flattered/turned on and receptive.
Just because you believe in the validity of MBTI doesn't mean you have to pigeon hole yourself into it.
I didn't quite understand this, its not clear to me, but I think you are saying that you don't believe there is any reason for you to have BPD because you have never faced any trauma in your life....
When you are institutionalized that is a very very very strong indication that you have serious mental health issues.  It's difficult to get people INTO psychiatric care so you must have been...
You probably don't have it, to have a personality disorder you have to be pretty dysfunctional and also there is a tendency for people with personality disorders to not have any insight around your...
Psychoanalysis is ineffective for treatment of BPD.  The most effective treatment is Dialectical Behavioural Therapy, usually done on an inpatient basis with continuing aftercare of DBT and CBT along...
I have an INFJ mother and sister and I have dated a few in the past, which is actually kind of weird but anyway but that's a digression. My experience with INFJ's has been that sometimes they jump to...
I love jazz, but I really like more of the 1970's soul influenced stuff that has been sampled in alot of hip hop and house music. If your interested in listening to some really jazz influenced hip...
The INFJ girl is cute, holla shortay!! lol  As for the eye contact thing maybe it was the presence of the camera that contributed as well. I tend to make direct eye contact when Im listening, in...
Lift weights, interval train and do muay thai atleast 4 days a week.
People who can't focus or pay attention
I did with the only person I ever 'loved' (I think it was more obsession then anything) she broke up with me like the next day but I don't think she ever found out.  If I cheated again I would never...
Yes
you need to ask yourself who, why and how as well as what to see if these conspiracies are logical.  Why would a group invest energy in creating chemtrails? Who is this group? what vested interest...
How can anyone bring an intelligent argument to the table? Also what purpose would it serve, when the party requesting an intelligent argument are the ones that refuse to acknowledge basic science...
Heh, out of all the people I've dated/had sex with I only had one serious relationship and it ended many years ago.  My personality type was ENFJ and hers was INFJ, which should've ment that we were...
Reading that makes me want to off myself
I've gone through that myself, what have you tried to do to get out of your depression? pm me if you want.
ENFJ - I love who I am
Yo son, why you shrugging all the time, you got innanet tourette's or something?
Why would you be lonely, you look fly as a muf+cka shortaaayyyyyyy.  Anyway, Hi, glad to meet you.
I have had friends who are diagnosed with bipolar disorder, I can say without a doubt that it has had a tremendously negative effect on their lives both mentally, emotionally and materially (in terms...
Very much so, I have developed a way of coping that is almost Buddhist in its philosophy.  I have cultivated an understanding that life is unfair and full of disappointment and suffering. Within that...
I've always loved INFJ's for their depth, values and personality, I have dated a few and I have never had the level of intense emotional and sexual intimacy with anyone since. The problem is everyone...
I m all about mutual pleasure, i love pleasing my lovers but hell no, its not difficult for me to lay back and get some head. I love that shiet.
No offense, but I think you may have to develop some additional maturity/self confidence before you can have a successful relationship. Start worrying about yourself more then this guy."


1589: 'I personally see Jesus as having been an INFJ. I think in modern interpretations of the time, we like to see him as a social butterfly. It wasn't his social skills though what drew people to him, it...
Hello! Welcome to the website! :)
I love INFPs too. :P I found out that I've only ever dated INFP's. :P
ENFJ's,   I hope all of you are doing well. I'm writing to you today because I would like to know how ENFJ's have handled choosing their careers, which ones they tend to learn towards (what kind of...
Hey guys, the date didn't happen right now. Thanks for all the advice, I'll keep it in mind for the future.
I'm saddened by the lack of ENFJ's in this thread. :P   Anyway, I'm going to contribute to that and say that I feel my natural partner is the INFP. Though, I could see life being very enjoyable...
I feel like as NF's, we tend to do just that. We tend to read into words and allow them to consume us emotionally. Personally, To an ISTP, the words love and BFF have very different meanings,...
Thanks everyone for the help. The date is tomorrow, we'll see how it goes. I'll most definitely update you all. I really like this individual, I'm hoping it becomes reciprocated.
I agree, simply proceed at this point and kind of go with the flow. I wouldn't even be against simply asking, though it make take some of the romance away from it all for the ENFJ.
While I hate cats, the cuddling and cuteness of the photo is most definitely apparent. :P
Yeah, I've been told that I have this amazing way to grab a crowd and focus them.  :P
I most definitely delete everything for a fresh start. I have my own memories and recollections of the events. For me, getting over it means removing all reminders that aren't mental, and achieving...
Thanks everyone for all your help. So far I've gathered some tips and I'm going to be:    Confident in myself.   Honest  Unforceful about conversations.. it's better to have no conversation than...
I personally would really like to know what people think Ralph's personality is.   ENFJ?
Harry - ISFJ Ron - ESFP Hermione - ISFP Dumbledore - INFJ Voldermort - INTJ Snape - INTJ Malfoy - ISTJ Professor McGonnogal (sp?) - ENFJ Hagrid - ESFJ Luna - INFP
We've had conversations. We're going out on a date soon. I'm just worried about keeping his interest. I have never dated someone that wasn't an NF, I'm wondering if there's something I should do to...
What kind of things would I tell him I'm good at? I feel like community service, teaching, and psychology aren't exactly intriguing to an INTJ. :/ They're very... ENFJish topics. Though I try to talk...
Hello INTJ board members,   Firstly, I would like to thank you all for reading my post. I'm slightly nervous about this post, so please bear with me.   I think I'm really beginning to like this...
Hey guys,   So, I was organizing my computer today, choosing my wallpaper, and I was wondering if ENFJ's had certain tendencies to choose certain types of wallpaper. And even if not, I was still...
I don't see anything about the accompanying book, I could just be blind though. The book sounds great and I'll definitely add it to my wishlist.   Thanks so much!   Chris
Thanks for this, I found some really interesting stuff. I'm going to attempt to see if I can't get my current job to fork over the money to get me certified so I can bring back what I gather to the...
Well, to be honest, I'm hoping to get involved with Criminalistics. I'm currently aiming towards a Bachelors of Science in Criminal Sciences with a depth focus in Criminal Theory, Microbiology...
I've been thinking here lately about double-majoring at my university through their liberal arts program. Through this program, I would be able to formulate my own depth study, eventually becoming my...
Welcome to the forum.   I'm also a gay ENFJ, and I definitely think that a lot of your issues come with the bullying. I suggest you go out and find your community. Having people you can identify...
Yep I am! :P   And thanks Kali.
Damn, I'm left out. O_o   What about the other token gay ENFJ? *hint: ME!* :P
I'm definitely seeing this happen with my immediate ex. :/ It's sad to see sometimes.  While it's not a sad concept to have fun with some alcohol, he's becoming someone who he isn't, and he's...
I'm gay, I'm Cuban (but I look and speak like a complete whitey), I like to eat, I have a passion for nutrition and exercise, I love law and medicine, I'm a hopeless romantic, and I WILL save the...
The library (or starbucks), with coffee and some headphones in (with low playing classical music) gets me into the productive zone. Either that or Adderall. :P
My current job is moreso in the Marketing area, and then I have another in the medical field. At this point I'm thinking Law School AND Med School. And while doing the first one, I'll teach biology...
I hope you're ready with a relationship with an ENFJ. We're no joke when it comes to love. :P   I can't speak for us as a whole, but for me, a relationship becomes who I am. Not physically or...
Welcome to the forum! I'm an ENFJ, it's my job to bring you out of your shell. :P   Glad you're here!
I'm sorry you're feeling that way. My natural reaction to any INFP that is feeling alone is to go to their aid, (you all are my weakness) but, my private message inbox is definitely open to you.  ...
I'm not an INFP, but I thought I'd throw it in here anyway since I'm always glancing through the INFP section. :P   My home would be modern, stylish, but at enough of a distance from society to be...
Thanks for all the advice guys. I'm not sure about the whole being good at moving on thing, but, I'm working on piecing my life together again. The pain is intense, but I try not to talk about it...
I'm the Community Service Outreach Coordinator for my university. I give lectures and am in charge of outreach for community service events sponsored through the university.   I'm still in school...
My ex fiance just got into another relationship.   We broke up three months ago.  We got back together three weeks ago.  He left me a week after we got back together.  And now he's with someone...
I'm wondering if anyone else is like this:   Before deciding on establishing a relationship with someone, I think about what it could be, if I could see myself with the individual, etc.   I...
Maybe I'm different, but, I'm not like that at all. It's been three months and I'm progressing at the pace of the DSL turtles on the Comcast commercials.
Beer - Bud Light Vodka - Only if it's all that's around.   I know, I'm a horrible gay guy. No fruity martini's for me.
ENFJ   April Taurus
Does anyone know of where I might be able to buy some novelty items and whatnot that displays my type? I've trying googling, although I'm not good at it.   By novelty items I mean things like...
Welcome to the forum! INFP's are amazing people. A few I know self-loathe a ton, however, to me they are the most amazing people out there. Value yourselves, you guys are the heart of my life.
I'm in class, posting on here when I shouldn't be.
Marry Me <3
Welcome (and re-welcome) Andrew. I'm glad to call you by the name you feel most comfortable with.
Welcome to the forum!
I have no idea what's going on with me today. I'm normally pretty good about these sort of things. Earlier I spelled shut as shit and now invest as incest.  FML
If I had the money, I would invest in another MacBook, except the Pro. Right now I don't have the money for that though. I'm going to need to use my MacBook as much as I can. I could buy an extra...
Thanks. This along with the diet stuff that was mentioned earlier all seem like some good tools to help me get back on track.'"


1627: 'I'm currently dating an ISFP and it's the most magical relationship I've ever been in, especially after consistently dating ISTPs who I am super drawn to but everything I love about them ends up...
A frequent point of frustration for my ISTP is my tendency to want to edit my opinion or incorporate relevant opinions/data into my own -- in other words, harmonizing with other's opinions. It...
I'm with an ISTP!  Good lord, it has taken a solid 2 years to get him to open up to my minimum emotional transparency level. But the patience is worth it. It just keeps getting better in terms of...
I agree that my level of control is entirely situational... If I am with inner circle people, there is no filtering. I get manically excited pretty often without restraint and I cry when I'm happy...
I am amused that only an ENFP and INTJ have managed to do this for you, as is the case for me as well!  I do this sometimes. Mostly because I am deathly afraid of being perceived as needy and...
Haaaa, I DO have a difficult time noticing those things because it's not my default communication method. I do my best because I want to be an appreciative and affirming partner, but you are correct...
Poko Yes! I can totally see how suuuuuuuure.........? has been used when there's lots of skepticism and little interest xD Well....ARE you emotionally stunted in comparison??  Aquc Hmm, I'll have...
Thank you so much for that! You have no idea how important that was for me to read, really.  I've already created a separate file in my head on how to read and deal with ISTPs as opposed to what...
THIS, THIS! Why?! Is this related to Fe being inferior, you think? Also, pardon the haphazard exclamation marks but it's something I'd noticed and it was something that I'm going to really have to...
Oh my gosh! You do this too?! This is something I struggle with. Sometimes it seems like my ISTP is not enthusiastic about something I suggest because he says sure to almost everything. And so I...
Ahhh! I'm glad you have that in a friend! I most definitely feel that way about my ISTP friends. I see and feel that they are equally as caring, not necessarily as sensitive, but there is this...
G'rawr! Can I just say I feel the warmest of fuzzies for you? And I wish you the best!  Yes...I have some control issues. I like to *know* a lot of things and sometimes no matter how many...
Goodness! I can see now why things in my relationship have played out the way they have! Haha too true...there have been times where I despaired because I kept running into many layers of emotional...
It makes me so sad, particularly on the ISTP Facebook group, that there's so much hostility towards ENFJs as a type. My guess is that they have only come across immature and uncompromising ENFJs in...
Also: After having my very first conversation with an INFJ within the passed two days. I was wholly unaware of the typing at first but we kept going back and forth, very surface level. Kind of like...
Did I answer your question? Or should I think about this further, elaborate and/or clarify?
smallpeas That's interesting, this sense of reciprocity you speak of. Perhaps we are that much more sensitive to rejection. Our idea of self is partly related to how we are evaluated by those...
Agreed. And like Ringer said we want to be trusting.  I want to talk to everyone that will listen to me about my innermost thoughts and feelings. Seriously, if I could I would. But not everyone is...
Both. I don't wear my heart on my sleeve. My heart is tougher to reach and is only given when someone is deemed safe.  Positive emotions like happiness, excitement and wonder, and confidence I let...
Ha! I love your responses!  I was mostly quiet and always observing adults and listening to their conversations. Around my family members I always asked why, but my dad's side of the family was...
I second the request for a specific example.  I also ask tons of questions dancing around an answer to a question I'm thinking of, but not the actual question, which to others would appear as...
Furry pajama pants: They're like hugs for your legs!
AHAHAHA! This is exactly what my ISTP says. I've got a little ways to go in the self-confidence department which eventually stabilizes the batshit craziness of the ENFJ. Watching me progress from a...
You know, I don't believe age has anything to do with emotional maturity. Cognitive development, yes, but I have seen some very stable young people that have it more together than those in their...
I can just imagine my poor counselor! He/she will probably just feel totally bull-dozed.  Here are my problems, I don't need help identifying them. Here are my childhood traumas that led me to...
Ooh! Freezeframe, I do have friends that I talk to but we're in the same boat and kinda run ourselves in circles...The other one I'm pretty sure is a highly functioning sociopath, to quote Sherlock...
Isolation is needed to a certain extent to introspect, yes. But what do you do to prevent yourself from introspecting too much and mood-swinging all over the place? Just...pep-talk yourself?
niffer  It's good to know I'm not actually crazy and it just seems like it when comparing myself to relatively unreactive ISTPs -.- Not so good that you're going through it too...I just have hope...
For the past two years it seems like my life has been completely shaken up and I haven't been able to find my center of gravity. I met a man, fell in love, broke up but we are still emotionally...
I think that how much an NFJ reveals to you and how quickly definitely has to do with maturity and experience dealing with different types of people; I'm even more convinced.  I understand what is...
I think the lack of trust presently arises from experiences since childhood.  **I really dislike speaking for the entirety of the ENFJ population because I am only one person, so forgive me for...
Crikey! That's exactly what I've been trying to get at. Thank you for being more succinct.
Ahhhh, I see where your confusion would come in. *I* happen to be a really assertive female. I choose my men, not the other way around and over the years I've learned to just tell who I'm interested...
@x1nfamousx Which is why the golden rule of thumb for knowing if you can  trust is, is whether or not we can trust you! If we open up to you, chances are we won't hide our feelings -- at least not...
smallpeas  Sometimes I don't know my own feelings about things. Or concepts. But I know how I feel about people after reflecting. Also in response to how do you know if I'm acting on my feelings...
Success stories? Ehhh, more like success, failure, work-in-progress! I dated an ISTP for a year but broke up about 5 months ago (kind of my fault for pushing him into a corner) and decided to remain...
^^^^THIS was beautiful. We go to the source.  I only get into relationships because I believe it's for the long haul, now. If the relationship is going to compromise my emotional health or my...
She does! I so relate! Sometimes I need to remind myself that people don't like being stared at so intensely, so if they look away when they look back at me, I'll look away briefly so that they're...
23 you say? Assuming he started around 18 that gives him five or sixish years of opportunity. At least 5 people a year. To me, that doesn't sound bad. Because there have been times in my life were I...
Night of The Wolf by Nox Arcana!  Because sometimes I like to pretend there's evil afoot and I'm about to banish it too hell along with my Genetics homework.  ...
As a Hispanic woman interested in pursuing a surgical profession, I completely agree that all of these things are still very much present in today's society and continue to plague us as a whole. In...
I know two ISTJs. One of them we've had a rocky friendship for 5 years. At first I felt really unappreciated by him because he would ignore me when I was too excited, basically anytime I was...
Oh my goodness! This post! It's so accurate. I have an INTJ best friend and we get along so well! But it doesn't appear that way to other people because we rag on each other like none other. One...
It only gets tiresome when you give to those who don't reciprocate or show any appreciation for what you've given, be it time, compassion or a favor.  This only happened to me when I was in younger...
Yes! Type 2w3 and I'm a perfectionist so I compete with everyone around me and with myself to always be the best that I can be--and that better be as close to perfect as possible. This is manifest...
Aquc That's strange! (ha, sorry you guys just keep reminding me about things here and there)  What I love about my ISTPs are that they are the most descriptive complimentors! One of them does so...
YES! My ISTP doesn't know about Myers Briggs and showed only passing curiosity but he explains himself to me so well, when I ask the right questions. This is probably the hardest thing for me to...
When stressed, I've been told it physically manifests itself as taughtness all over. I move rigidly, more quiet and less expressive. My friends usually know that the second I stop talking or asking...
A shame, indeed. There's always residency, you never really know where you'll end up...Hooray! I so look forward to being shipped around the U.S  Also, there's no reason why we can't talk :D
ickle Goodness! What made you decide to change your mind about medschool, if you don't mind my asking? And what are you doing now?   I hope no one minds my very pointed questions >.<'"


1642: 'estj to the max
What is Caitlyn?
Hmmm I'd say judging from the new episode, Wind Rider is an _NTJ? He's a really good schemer, uses many manipulative tactics to get Spitfire out of the Wonderbolts solely for his benefit and is a...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e12Vsd0CwGs lol
__fp?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbXgHAzUWB0
e_fp lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6120QOlsfU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6120QOlsfU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68ugkg9RePc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Sc-ir2UwGU
Isfj
isfp?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJrIpDpGpFA
entj
looks esfp to me fairly sure that's illegal
YESSSSSS!!!!!!! I saw e s t p too :D!!!!
I'd totally agree with you! :D
What type is Keith Lemon? It's now time to grab some Celebrity Juice and peek through the Keyhole to get his type!
I'd say Tamaki is ENFJ; as an ENFJ I can totally relate to his attitude towards others (even when he is so reactive during difficult situations people find it hilarious); in fact I'm like a carbon...
Hetalia!!!!!!!!! And Ouran too sailor moon? Sword art?
E n t j
I actually did consider ENtP as a type ages ago but in real life I'm actually sensitive to others and their reactions... A lot... I found out that Ti is very low on my function stack- it needs loads...
deez entj nuts
isfp   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFBDv_IH9P8 type deez nuts
esfplolitslieksooooobviouslerl!
isfp lol
estj #ickyface
Tremor- Dimitri Vegas   QUACK QUACK QUACK QUACK!!!
I'd say infp!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilw-qmqZ5zY
NAO!!!   I'd say she is ISTP
entj
esfp  wild wild risky adventure lurver, walking through a path of red roses. a hopeless romantic that shows off his reckless stunts to everyone
Well done everyone who did GCSEs!!! :D No matter what your grades are, you did your very best and that is all that matters.  (I got 8*s, 3as and 1b)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2rte3QoSNM Yes, it's actually called The Evil Demon Summoning Song. And to get some pure beat drop:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vMh9f41pqE
Waiting for Love!
I can agree with your typing for Wyatt!
Willkommen! Hope you enjoy!!!!!!!!!! :D
No but the fact is that the Earth provided the right temperature and the right conditions for people to live on. I do not mean to start an argument or anything but that is what I see and as a person...
No, that's not the point. She is an xSFJ (less bubbly CAN mean introvert like what another poster has put) and you just simply want her to be more related to you as a Thinking Perceiving type. Well I...
Still. That is what I experienced when I went to Germany. People seemed ISTJ like and the culture is very ISTJ like, which is why I put ISTJ for Germany.
No, ESFJ is the only thing that fits. The Si is too much since the world favours tradition while allowing for some new experiences and twists (Ne) but it is obviously a Fe dom. It is not a...
we all know Pakistan is ESTJ LOL
^ And Canada is ESFJ. Do we even need to explain. Look- the culture is so FJ like- they love supporting one another no matter the situation and can lend a hand to you when you're in need! Also...
Ne ne Papa, wine s'il vous plaît[1] Ne ne Maman, ne ne Maman I can never forget those flavors Of the pot-au-feu[2] I ate so long ago  Draw a circle, it's the Earth, Draw a circle, it's the...
Which country is Francis Bonnefoy?? Apparently it says I'm Francis Bonnefoy
Denmark is highly Fi and Ne- they're into fairy tales, amusement parks and crazy stuff which makes me think Ne. They crave innovation (Lego? I watched a documentary on it...) and again they seem Ne....
Yes it is. We learn naturally as we age like any other being on the planet and knowledge about relationships with others matures comes naturally. It is Fe whether you like it or not- and this is...
Woo hoo!
Everybody!! :D
It's.... Fe. Everybody is learning to deal with people getting along and the world is one large dinner table. So, Fe.'"


1681: 'http://i.imgur.com/EyRHA.jpg
Then don't take it seriously. I don't take your interpretation of both the Enneagram and the functions seriously either.  Go on then, think of me as a 6. What difference does your opinion make?
This right here is what Animal was talking about from the start. This is a pointless conversation, one where you aren't even in alignment with your precious sources.  Why even bother?  Oh, does...
I am naked before you. :blushed:
Animal Stop it (don't), you're making me blush.. :blushed:
Also, for those who care, the imagery I identify myself with;   My personal favorite (not in terms of technique per se, but in terms of describing ME);...
What makes it difficult to pinpoint a type for me...  Holy shit, that's a tough question! :shocked: Not that I haven't been thinking of this, of course, but yeah... still, a tough question indeed....
Team Arya!!!!  YES  I'm also team Jaime though!  :laughing:
Well, no one ever thought I was a 9 to begin with, so that might as well be a null or void typing, no matter my passion (read: hatred) for that self-typing. As a relief from being misled into...
Not trolling, just omitting a whooooooole lot a steps.  edit: Also, trolling? Moi? Jamais!!
Ah, good ol' beautiful post of mine from all the way back in 2013.  Super-ego message + Image triad issues. Who'd have thunk? :proud:
And here's another image I used in a post on the same thread, a whole lot later;  http://i.imgur.com/Ooh4bzf.jpg
The image in that old post^ of mine, from the Visual Typing thread;  http://judithland.files.wordpress.com/2013/12/judith-land-crimson-passion.jpg  Several images were 'lost' through time. You...
But I'm a 2! :shocked:
While my personality falls quite in line with many aspects of the type (superego is strong in me, frustration(not the triad, the emotion), being critical, etc), overall the drive of it isn't in me. I...
Ah shoot! Now I can't give you that win, I'm petty like that.. :ninja:  I'm a 2 now! :cool:
You GoT that right!
The paranoid 6.
Not a spiel. A challenge. But alas, I received no resistance here.
https://media.giphy.com/media/3oz8xLd9DJq2l2VFtu/giphy.gif  He's ESFP. And Sp/So.
Also, I read through Helen Palmer's The Enneagram and I fit the entire chapter on type 6. It's embarrassing really.
Typing at 9 helped me face very real and deep hurts, but the holy sins of sloth aren't my own. It just may be a greater sin to claim one that hasn't claimed me.  Dampening of anger, or that of the...
I'm a bitch, I'm a lover I'm a child, I'm a 6er I'm a sinner, I'm a saint I do not feel ashamed I'm your hell, I'm your dream I'm nothing in between You know you wouldn't want it any other way
I'm allergic to showing vulnerability, but unlike the attack-mode of the Sx 6, I go for a more stoic self-inhibition. Less intimidation and more distance.  I display my strength in projecting an...
The world full of shades of grey generates anxiety for me. What decision to make? Where to go? Face it head on or avoid it altogether? Anxiety feeds into my anger. Anger clears up the clouds. It...
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/26/90/9f/26909fa5d10dbd1533acf33c41bb5914.jpg  Suspicious...
I wrote this on a different forum where someone had asked a similar question (about Fe versus Social instinct). Copy-pasting only my own answers here.     This last part is actually a weak spot...
His temperament couldn't be more Ej if he tried. Body language baby. ENxJ is the way to go, with ENFJ being the most likely candidate, looking at his emotional turbulence alone. ...
That should narrow it down!
Was it in color?
My hair reaches my nipples.   Whether this is intentional or not is something I leave to your imagination... :wink:
I am excellent at expressing emotion, but I rarely talk about my emotional life. The closest to that would probably be me talking about how to emotionally impact others.  I focus a ton more on the...
It's important to remember that Chestnut is describing her view on subtypes (which I personally think are rubbish, but that aside..), and not on instinct.  For example, look at her take on the...
The stacking is just the ordering of instincts; the first one is the 'dominant' one - the most neurotic one, the second one is more neutral - this one tends to be the most balanced in one's life, and...
I'll give it a try, though I must warn you beforehand, I will be forgetting stuff!! :p  Instinct, as the name implies, is about biological patterns that we as mammals are programmed for. While...
Stop talking to me.
Mirror mirror.
No. You were not educating me. If you were, you would actually bother to structure your argument.  Your accusations are false, but they tell me enough about you and your true motivation on this...
... Why?
This doesn't make sense. Fear remains fear, no matter one's reaction to it.   Applying instinct? Does the word 'instinct' imply 'choice' to you?   This is but one reason a 6 can act in a...
Honestly, I don't care what people call them per se, as much as it's about not treating them that way. Instinct is incredibly basic, as the word already implies. And people seeing the combination of...
It isn't reframing fear at all. It's the 6 in question taking a different approach to the same problem. That problem being fear.  I challenge you to give reason to why 'counter phobia' revolves...
Yes, counter-phobia is a response to fear, one of many, and it does this by (thank you wikipedia) actively seeking it out, in the hope of overcoming the original anxiousness. So.. still very much...
Well, seeing that the 9 in question is still avoiding to show up in fullest around other people, I don't see how he is going 'counter' the type's pull towards acedia?  Same for the 'counter-phobic'...
The instincts operate separately from the Enneagram, and while they do influence each other, to call the combination an Enneagram subtype is a red flag. It's not how these things work. Instinct is...
Learned a lot, changed my mind;  ISTP LSI (ISTj)  Look at that Fe-inferior rage! Zero subtlety in charismatic manipulation. Forceful pushing (Se) of his ideals, his personal rules of how he...
One week.    That's what @Animal and I did anyway. Though we did talk online for about two months first.. and we went in DEEP and STRONG, unearthing every bit of our souls to one another. We...
Introverted (I) 77.42% Extroverted (E) 22.58% Intuitive (N) 66.67% Sensing (S) 33.33% Feeling (F) 57.58% Thinking (T) 42.42% Perceiving (P) 52.94% Judging (J) 47.06%      Your type is: INFP
LOL !!!!!!  Type: 5 Tritype: 549/594   Sorry folks, there's no 5 in this beast. Retention of resources isn't 5, it's Self Preservation instinct.   edit: ... and the instinct test put me at...
Type 5 comedian:  Rowan Atkinson / Mr Bean http://s3.india.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/mr-bean-rowan-atkinson.jpg'"


1715: 'A cup of coffee and a bagel.
Moar coffee!!!
A  woman to talk to.  Someone who gets me.
Eating pineapple!
No. I set beside them as they played their games. Every time they died (which was a reoccurring event) it sounded like bells going off. And after an hour of saying It'll only take 10 minutes, they...
Waiting for my friends (Ding & Dong) to log off of their video games. Its grub time.
I'm actually about to bake a pan of over-sized cookies. I'll be sure to toss one your way if they're not all gone, of course. :P
69423  Me on the right. ISTJ buddy on the left.
From time to time. I like to think that I'm a pretty polite person. :)
Looking for the next Rom to flash to my phone!
I  think I might have a clue. On a scale of one to ten? lol
I completely agree with that.  It's probably best not to be so completely attentive toward issues on a constant basis. Talk about depressing.  Any who, you're very welcome. :)
In my opinion, venting is a very useful way of  getting over problems.  Everyone needs someone to talk to, ya know.
And that's why wee come here!
You know you're a feeler when you look deep into the eyes of that special someone and time comes to a screeching halt, every nerve in your body from head to toe comes alive and lights up like an...
Thanks! Same goes to you. To keep this topic from getting totally derailed, I currently desire/require Thrice to produce more albums. It depresses me to know their on a hiatus.
I could, but my main interests are in astronomy and software development. I want to build my own type of cell phone with my own os.  Would be fun, but damn... so much time has to be put into that. I...
That actually doesn't bother me very much. I eat my biscuit and drink my coffee while the teachers goes on about this calf fetus her husband acquired the day before. You could see it's little baby...
I actually spent more time browsing the web than paying attention. It's all pretty easy and I'm not the biggest fan of those odd cartoon vaginas lol.
Biology class. Learning the ovulation cycle. Woot!
Listening to some Muse, Thrice, and Led Zeppelin.
That is exactly what I need! Thank you, sir.
There's no such thing as no man's land to me. A man just needs a place where he can be wild and free. 10 Calories.       -Dr. Pepper
I currently desire a kitty, but not the average household kitty. A car sized kitty. A kitty who I can trot about on. A kitty large enough to ride as I squire a lady about the town.
Enjoying an ice cold alcoholic beverage while watching Tosh.0. What are you guys into?
Life is moving at a very slow pace. Its a bit difficult to stay optimistic with what I plan to do with my life. I'm ready for change, yet life seems to become more and more mundane as each day...
I desire the experience of love. I am a stranger to love. It seems as if the only stability in my life is my pathetic restaurant job and my admiration for fellow musicians. I desire what we call the...
Exhausting both reality and virtual reality as means of entertainment. Not working quite as well as I'd hope.
Being a boring person at the moment. I insist that someone excites this boring moment. Perplex me!
Far too lazy to post a video or even a link. But all I can share is Thrice. Go check em out.
I'd say  I have.
Questioning the will of whoever of whatever that caused humans to be so....human, so to speak.
You see... Its the fact that the women I know can't do that. That is what I want most in a woman. Something mind blowing. I want a woman who I can't figure out the second I meet her.
Ten Years Gone by Led Zeppelin. Good stuff. :)
Seems as if INTP females are very few and far between, especially around TN lol. Tis a pity. The mere idea of an INTP female turns me on.
I would assume the difference being Fi wouldn't much care for adventuring into the city and meeting people with a delightfully warm smile, whereas Fe type 9 could do so. On a good day anyways.
Tied between Promises by Thrice and Anthology by Thrice. Two beautifully composed pieces. Check em out.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with that. :) I do it all the time. I'm somewhat musically inclined. I'm sure you're much better at it than you'd like to admit. :)
I have two acoustics and three electrics. I used to be apart of a band, but our drummer moved to FL and our singer just kind of stopped wanting to sing one day...
Some video game music makes me happy lol. Piano is, indeed, a beautiful instrument. I learned to play a little. I need to get on that though. I've been playing various styles of guitar for almost 3...
I see now lol. I can totally see how he is crushing on an ESTP. I was and still am crushing on an ISTP. Since my sophomore year actually. We have one hell of a history. But, now she's engaged to an...
Its...kinda hard being an ENFJ in a small town filled with ignorance and spite. I am turning 20 in June and the last meaningful relationship I had was when I was 13 and it only lasted a month. I...
He could be into you... Hard to tell though. ENFJ's are some of the more pure romantics. He could be wishing that you finally understood exactly how he feels for you... Or maybe he was wishing the...
From what seemed to be pure boredom spawned  the thought to start a thread with the objective of learning about my PerC peers. So tell me, what's up?
Of what relation is this guy to you?
You sound bored, lol. Just peeled my eyes open to our blairingly bright sun. Listening to Daedalus. Mmm
I think your writing is interesting. :)
Eye balling the corner of my screen wondering Why the hell is it 1:14 AM already?
Those eyes like fire could see right through the darkest days and the deepest gloom. But they're burning dreams and stealing power, they're foolin' you with a false desire. You're playin dice when...
Those eyes like fire could see right through the darkest days and the deepest glooms. But they're burning dreams and stealing power, they're foolin you with a false desire. You're playin dice when...'"


1735: 'Cal is definitely, without a doubt, an NT. He searches for answers in a way that screams Rational. I think he's an INTP. I because he is observant, and thinks actions through before acting. N...
Awesome article! :D I just have one question...and I could be totally wrong here. I just pictured Roo as more Ne, Piglet as more Ni, and Owl as Ti. That's mostly because roo is spontaneous and looks...
Proud ENFJ here :D I'm trying to think of ANY ENFJ's I know at all IRL... Uhhh... Drawing blanks :
Honestly, ENTPreneur, if I used your method of argument, you'd be frustrated too. P's take in information, sure, but they aren't committed or particularly punctual. J's, on the other hand, are...
I'm a teenage ENFJ! Sure, I'm a guy, but still.  We are definitely very sensitive and emotional. We are very trusting as well, and forgiving to a decent point. People are our specialty, they're what...
I'm an ENFJ, and off the top of my head, I have a close INFJ, INFX, and ENFP friend. The INFJ and I have awesome conversations, and we trust each other a lot. I feel like her reserved approach...
I apologize in advance, but I'm tired, and have to say this. You've been involved in a number of threads I read, and you seem bent on making your type sound perfect. Really, you have such a huge bias...
I think dreams tell you a lot about your subconscious, but they're tough to understand. I've been getting more and more dreams lately! And I'm getting better at recalling them. I love dreams :D
Bob Saget and Oprah, apparently. I've heard people call Obama an ENFJ, but I don't believe it one bit.
You had it right originally, extraversion vs introversion is conerned with how you get reenergized and where you focus primarily, the external world, or the internal. Extraverts can be shy and...
I think eye contact carries a lot of unspoken meaning, so I'm sure to only use it fittingly. I love making eye contact, don't get me wrong, but I find that I'll also zone out while talking and look...
I think it has to do a lot with who I'm with and what the conversation is about. If I'm around acquaintances, I'm going to be more reserved than a group primarily made up of friends. I think this...
Aha, I'm definitely that way. I'll share tidbits here and there, but I'm far, FAR more interested in hearing about someone else than talking about myself. Part of it might be vulnerability. Another...
Wow, this was all actually sort of entertaining to read! I'm an ENFJ (I hope too many of you didn't groan at that). I guess I can weigh in, if you'd like... First off, I couldn't help but smile when...
You're probably borderline, but I think you lean more toward ENFP. I may be ENFJ, but I have a relatively high perceiving score, so I understand the confusion at first. I find what helps the most is,...
Just as an aside, (don't mean to beat a dead horse), ENTPreneur, if you think J's are narrow minded... Wouldn't Fe, for example, contrast that? Since we're all about harmony? I don't think any...
Just a lil' piece of advice... Enfj's are drawn to Infp's initially due to their introverted, unique personalities. But drunkenly proposing to lots of them in general might confuse their...
ENFJ's are naturally in tune with other people. Our Fe makes us highly sensitive to them, and our Ni takes in signals and patterns they show. Consciously or subconsciously, we tend to reach...
Well, I'm a male ENFJ, so there will be differences here... But, I agree that ENFJ/INFP relationships have LOTS of potential. Both are dreamers, so that gives you two a lot in common. As far as...
Fe is...hmmm... Well, we know it's when the feeling function, which focuses primarily on creating and maintaining harmonic relationships, is directed to the world around us. As an ENFJ, this is the...
Interesting idea, but there have been a few changes to the temperament-system. For one thing, a new temperament has been added: Supine. Supines live to serve, and are at their happiest while helping...
This makes a lot of sense! Just wondering what the margin of error is for the development? I'm an ENFJ, and I'm a Junior in High School. Based on this, I should still be working on Ni. For some...
As an ENTJ, should that be Fi? Sorry, just got curious
I love all sorts of music, but my all time favorites are always packed with emotion.  This song, and its video, are beautiful, and really tie into our idealism. ...
That's the Fe function for you. We are very aware of other people's thoughts and feelings, and can't help but want to please people, all the time. We focus a lot on maintaining harmonious...
I'd have to agree with everyone, type is important, but not the only thing that's important. Common values are a must. Plus, as far as type is concerned, you should be able to feel when you click,...
What is it that you want to know? The fact that we're both idealists already means that we have plenty in common!
Good question...I think two extraverts would probably make a dynamic couple XD Thanks for the encouragement...funny, usually I go for introverts....
1) Friend/Crush of mine 2) Small bird 3) We make brief eye contact before it flies away 4) Medium-Large 5) No! 6) Lots of chairs with lots of people in them! 7) Plastic 8) Pick it up for a...
Thanks! That's the direction I was going in, glad to see that there's still hope for me!:crazy: I'm glad none of it involves the whole bad boy bullshit the internet tries to sell, haha
Hi there! So, as the title says, I'm a completely hopeless ENFJ. You see, I've been crushing on a friend of mine for a long time now. Really badly. To the best of my knowledge, she's an ENFP...
Glad to have helped, if only slightly. I hope, as I said before, that things turn out for the best. The fact that you're willing to go to her parents shows that you're concerned, and really do care...
I hated middle school -__- But, I persevered. I had friends there, but looking back on it, I don't think most were as close to me as I thought they were at the time.  However, this isn't any reason...
Hmm...well, my dad is an ESTJ (we always butt heads) Stereotypically, you can be viewed as strict, logical, goal-oriented, controlling, stubborn, and defensive This is in no way an attack on...
http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20090129203960/8bittheater/images/e/e7/White_Mage.png  White mage!
Oh, and as far as helplessness is concerned, I know exactly how you feel. I can't stand it, I feel guilty...but in reality, it's not our fault. My friend told me that I can't constantly worry about...
I have a friend in a similar situation. I don't know her type, but she got involved with some random guy and he got her to give up all her values. She did drugs with him once or twice, and they have...
http://img695.imageshack.us/img695/1813/desktopfep.png  Uploaded with ImageShack.us  I just love the water :)
Hi! :D I'm a newbie too, but this forum is really fun! Welcome!
How come you feel down? :sad:
Hmm...I feel content (like the little emote says!) for the most part. Last week was hectic, with a meeting scheduled almost every day, and only 2 1/2 days of school to go to. I loved it. This week,...
Ok, as far as what pisses me off about me... There's the basics that have been stated quite a few times (being a doormat, manipulation) Then, the whole not opening up completely...It's definitely...
You're not insane! Although, I do have a few questions about whether or not your father really is an ENFJ. It goes without being said that we love having company and conversations (sometimes to a...
Thank you all for making me feel welcome! :happy:
Whelp, my mom is probably an ISFJ, and my dad is a definite ESTJ. Mom is easier to relate to, because of the feeling function. Still, she has a very pronounce eye for detail, and gets stressed out...
Haha, now that you mention it, I do seem to have more female friends than male friends. What you said makesa whole lot of sense, as far as unloading problems, but i wouldn't go so far as to compare...
I guess I can understand, it gets exhausting always being called on for this, that, and the other thing. However, I honestly don't mind being a doormat, it all goes back to one of our greatest gifts...
Right, well, I'm new to the whole forum thingamabob. As stated, I'm an ENFJ (and proud)!!! So, yeah...Hi! Hopefully, this'll be a fun, educational, fun experience :laughing:'"


1907: 'As an appropriate addition to the post, I'd like to add that I cried yesterday in front of my boss while we were having a one-on-one meeting in which she spewed hot air about how great I was whilst...
Healthy: play video games, walk in nature, use CBD for anxiety, hang out with good friends, journal about the issue, create a plan to improve the situation, light candles and relax  Unhealthy:...
I don't cry often, but if I do feel like I'm getting choked up when others are around, I'll do anything to hide it. I think it's stupid and unnecessarily and somehow shows my weakness. I know that's...
Anger has always been an emotion that manifests strangely in me, and I'm not sure why.  It takes a very, very potent situation for me to get angry, but I, like splint3r, can count on one hand the...
Hahah... that's only because I was sitting on my couch! I counsel online, where people who'd prefer the ease of texting come for help. It's called Crisis Text Line. Text 741741... free help in crisis...
I will have to say a tie between ENTPs, and INTPs. I'm an ENFJ, and I've alwaaayssss been attracted to INTPs. I love their depth and their inner dialogue, when they share it, it seems to go on...
Haha, yep. That’s me. (Was I that terribly bad in that video. I'm so sick right now. lol) And thanks-- good luck to you, too! Counseling is great. I'm a volunteer (unlicensed) counselor, and it's...
@Gilly, as convoluted as that sounds, that's pretty much how I feel. I have been leaning towards a certain long-term goal recently, and it's been gaining weight as the weeks go on, so I'm hoping I...
Holy hell. I feel like everything I said was so awkward and didn't make sense. Haha. My sentence structure and thought process in this is terrifying. I'm so sorry. I was actually pretty sick for...
It’s not that I’m not aware that I should make a goal, it’s just that none seem motivating or worth dedicating a large amount of my time to. Saying it out loud feels horrible, I’ll admit. What,...
I had to get a new account. My old one blocked me. I added you. -Steph
If I don't have an overarching reason, or cause, or goal to keep me motivated and working towards something, I find myself living in a dark place very quickly. Even if the bad times fluctuate and are...
Yep. I'd do a short video. I'm pretty sure my Skype name is the same as my PC name.
The title to this thread was so attractive to me... haha. I'm one of those people who list out my values and my personal mission statements and such. Personal development nerd, right here!   Also,...
Does any other ENFJ feel the need for constant verbal affirmation in intimate relationships?   I'm having a slight issue. I've always been quite the independent and confident woman, but after a...
Omg, please. You're killing me.   The hot Jesus look is just to die for... (no pun, no pun...)  397730397738
You know that whole quote about fears actually being paper thin,  and that one step would push you clear through and passed them?  It's true.
Oh.   My.  GOD.  Excuse me. Excuse me while I... I'm just gonna-- is this? The bathroom, right. I'm just... I'll... be right back............
:hugs: Thank you.
Um, well, maybe INFJs? :)  Or, I should phrase that differently. I find myself being drawn in by your sweet INTJ songs.   :)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eilZug1R4Es  I've been on such a dance music kick... for like... three months now.
I'm just feeling lost, un-tethered and vulnerable, like I've been thrown into outer space.  I knew all along it was going to require me to figure out how to use my space suit.  But for now, I'm...
Oh, you flatter me, darling.
Deleted because I got hyper self-conscious about my Anima.   :)
I'm also... cursed? ...blessed? ...with the cute vibe. I used to be frustrated by it. I wanted my look to be hot instead of aw, look how adorable, but now I don't mind it as much.  It's also kind...
I've always want to go to a convention as Snake from Metal Gear, in a cardboard box. With a cig.
For me, that purgatory-- that limbo-- was far worse than hell. The worst part about it was that it was usually disguised as comfort.  As of less than 24 hours ago, I'm now going through the...
I absolutely cannot believe this.  Scott Dinsmore (www.liveyourlegend.net), one of my role models, died a few days ago. He was doing what he loved, climbing Mt. Kilimanjaro and was hit and killed by...
She was young and insightful. It's okay if two people grow together, so long as they don't grow into each other, intertwined.  A bamboo tree sits in the living room, on an end table;
I  am      free.
I'm breaking down. I'm giving in.   I'm dying so that I can live again.  I can barely contain all this pain and fear.
Ah, certainly what @Broomhead quoted about the elves.  My two cents:   In any creative endeavor, especially with the written word, the blood on the page makes it real. If you want to connect with...
What's that? You would like more? Of course. Here are two more of the dynamic Destiel duo.  https://40.media.tumblr.com/db709a9ec5e09ee97818c69c1e7592f1/tumblr_nuizj7PAXf1s9ea9io1_500.png ...
Jensen Ackles: Like, I can't fucking even...  http://www.babyrazzi.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/BikbXQZCAAASnd9.jpg  Misha Collins: I'm actually tearing up. ...
- How do you feel about this topic as a whole?  It's interesting. For the most part, I've always found confidence and modesty very attractive. If someone has a bit of a... power streak, it's not a...
All of my friends are talking to me and making me realize what I need to do. This thing is the thing that I knew I needed to do even before they talked to me.  If anyone has liquid courage,...
I'd like to know-- what was the hardest thing you've gone through in your life?  Was it a family event? A breakup?  A decision that needed to be made?  To love? To be vulnerable?  To speak...
I like being able to pretend I'm someone else and then find myself as someone else. It's like you're pretending, you're pretending, and then all of a sudden... you've transformed.  That being said,...
This is an INFJ forum. This thread should be in the hundreds by now. ;)
Welcome back. :)  I echo The Anchor. What revelations bring you back to us?
What You Are - DMB    Don't you know When you live life Then you become what you are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRXZkdEj7YI  So damn appropriate.
Yeah, I stumbled upon blogs here one day and was surprised myself. So, yep! Blogged it like the hip woman I am.
Thank you!  I actually made a blog post to answer your question so I didn't completely derail the thread with my ramblings. :)  Hopefully within the next six months I'll be able to start the upper...
Golden scales!   That is! I have a window overlooking the front yard. I literally work in a historic mansion that used to be part of what's called the Twombly Estate. It's a beautiful, beautiful...
NomadLeviathan -- They give the Admin's real cups.  392258  Kidding... I bring in my own...
This is probably going to sound like the cheesiest thing in the world (I'm so good at being cheesy, and honest), but it's like you can see the worlds behind their eyes. It's the vibe of multitudes,...
Has any INFJ been in a relationship with a Sensor that can share difficulties connecting with that type, especially when it comes to deep, intimate and revealing conversations?
Absolutely beautiful!  And I know this is so not 'MBTI'-legit, sensing type from facial features, but I just see some people and I'm like... yep, INFJ.  You have that vibe. :)
When an existential question can tap your glass like a hammer and then pssssshhhhh!  I can't think about this right now! I need my sanity to work!'"


1984: 'Yes peace is the absence of conflict - your INFP friend suxx hardd  An ideal peace would be where everybody does exactly what I say. Then they would be totally happy & relaxed & content. So,...
I'm just going to reallybriefly respond:  1. Yes, when it's in a formalized way, where we both recognize that we're debating. I think it also really helps if it's with an Intuitive - could probably...
Yeah, I can't say I like Nietzsche either.  I think what I mean when I say assert your will on the external environment is basically have goals, & make them reality. Bend reality to your will. On...
Yes, it's true that the person who gives more also garners favor - that is actually exactly in keeping with what I'm saying. Giving can be just as much of an attempt at garnering power & favor....
First, I *totally* relate to every feeling you describe here, specifically in the post-break-up fall out.  I'm just going to vomit out my thoughts on this subject & your predicament specifically: ...
I don't know what ENFJ/ESTP relationships look like when healthy, if you're talking about romantic relationships, which you are  My (very brief) thoughts on ESTPs (I have to keep it brief because...
The only chance he had to conclude was to make a preponderance of evidence of astral low-down how-down show-down slow-down go to town Motown bloat clown walking down the street of the aquiesence to...
Mmm. I will give a very quick response, maybe go more in-depth later...  I am largely in flux about all of this stuff  Bad/evil: being a big jerk with a big ego. Not necessarily in the Trump...
ENFJ  TMLT quit pretty much every job after a few months because they don't feel it's a good fit
LOL! Make Trump Great Again  Yeah, let's do it  Frankly, I totally admire the son-of-a-bitch. I mean, for most people, bankruptcy is life-changing. But for him, 4 bankruptcies didn't stop him...
I love how big and weirdly specific this post's title is
lul
Bro, you're looking for us to interpret a bunch of details so that your Lizard Brain can get enough assurance that it is safe to pursue what it wants  (relationship/sex/mating).   Fact: there is...
Ｔｒｕｍｐu3000ｉｓu3000ａｎu3000ｅｓｔｐ  １，０００，０００％u3000ｅｓｔｐ  ｈｅu3000ｉｓu3000ｔｈｅu3000ｍｏｓｔu3000ｅｓｔｐu3000ｅｓｔｐu3000ｉｎu3000ｔｈｅu3000ｈｉｓｔｏｒｙu3000ｏｆu3000ｅｓｔｐ－ｎｅｓｓ  ｗｈｙu3000ｉｓu3000ａｎｙｏｎｅu3000ｓｔｉｌｌu3000ｄｉｓｃｕｓｓｉｎｇu3000ｔｈｉｓ！？！？！？！？！？！？！？！？！？！？！？！？！？！？！？
Hey,  glad you brought up Peterson; I was about to ask the same question.  Definitely Ni dominant. 1,000,000%  I think he's definitely in some kind of sweet spot between INFJ & INTJ. He...
Sounds like he probably wants to be more than friends, which is why he struck up a conversation with you in the first place.  In general, I really like ISTPs, except my brother, who's just a...
1. This is not a question you should be coming to an online forum for the answer to. You can get a perspective from us, yes; but I hope this forum isn't the only place you're asking this question in....
What if every ENFJ you've ever met actually wanted to be alone INFP, rather than hear your problems & read your fan fiction?
ISFP  TMLT burn & distribute discs of ｖａｐｏｒｗａｖｅ music
Glad you're here  Love a good ISFP
The ESFP assumes everyone is in it for the fun
Yeah, very ESTP of me to say, but: I don't mind seeing a bra hanging off the back of a chair  I really don't see how ESTPs and ENFJs would come across the same way at all, beyond a few basic...
It seemed like the ESFP actually knew what they were talking about in the post above...That's weird...
ESFP enjoys projecting their own films, anime & TV shows onto other people's buildings & calling it a film festival even though they didn't get a permit or permission, & they didn't actually invite...
As I understand it (& there are lots of other people on this forum who know more about it than I do) the shadow functions are the functions that you use subconsciously. In the case of an ENFJ,...
ENFP is secretly very selfish, & so cannot imagine an ENFJ doing anything other than trying to manipulate them into joining a cult
Yes, truly one of my biggest worries in life is that I feel I've never really learned to be part of a group.  ENFJs are so social, yet so independent & sort of loner  One of the weird,...
I don't know if it's the ultimate INFJ song, but it's certainly one of the ultimate INFJ songs. If it's the ultimate INFJ song for you, then that's all you need  I think another great INFJ hit is...
The ENFP above can't event keep focused on making one criticism at a time & so ends up making two. Typical of Ne...
WOW — honored that something I brought up has taken on such a life of its own!  Perhaps my insights are more valuable than I realize...
Typical INFP — among a discussion of homoerotic tendencies concluding in a softcore porn video, they are more interested in the cat than anything else...
ENTJ  TMLT make 70 grilled cheese sandwiches with no one in particular to eat them around...
Good — more NFs  We will soon overrule the world & create our ideal society. Sadly, there will be no STs to actually make anything work, so we will all spend our nights around a fire drinking tea,...
INFJ x97 you realize that the ISTP actually got caught, & you ate too much of their BS to realize it
INFJ — you realize that the ISTP actually got caught, & you ate too much of their BS to realize it
It's also why ENFPs call ENFJs when they need bail money
(The mention of fast food motivated ESFP to go to McDonald's, Burger King, & Taco Bell & spend $86.32 of credit card that they have no idea how to pay back...)
The ENTP above demonstrates an almost sado masochistic obsession with power & authority. ENTPs are typically uninterested in power, control, & authority. But, this individual shows a fascination with...
WOW — one of the many benefits of the Criticize the personality type above you board.
I couldn't agree more. Watching Trump is like reading the definition for an ESTP x97 so why are we even considering this question at all?  If anything, explain his functions relative to our knowledge...
(ENFP doesn't realize it's not actually a stage, it's a McDonald's drive-thru at 3:00am)
ENFPs couldn't even afford the cheap seats: all $ was spent on candy & various books about things they'd like to do someday.
Typical ENFP: can't even make a come-back without losing track of who they're talking to...
ENFJs non-dominant hand is usually helping an ENFP stand up after a night of drinking...
The ENFPs right hand got married
This forum has gotten farther and farther from its goal of criticize the personality type above you to criticize someone who commented here at some point...Nice job Perceivers...  But, I guess...
Ah. ENFPs giving unsolicited gifts to the world  So, uh; how many Tumblrs ya' got?
hiding spots = mom's basement  & ESFP already found it and threw a party there. You're a lot easier to read than you think INFJ...
ESFPs tend not to notice anything
(INFJ: analyzes situation in head for three hours...)'"


1991: 'Good, good...   Though I have never been sure about this shadow-idea. Although I suppose opposing forces in the psyche have to be explained somehow.
I'm sorry dear, too many air signs in your chart for that to be realistic.  http://pa1.narvii.com/5977/363895f1d4c45c0db1dcdab24b7ec4d17948a6b3_hq.gif
I use so what's your zodiac sign?   Thinkers usually try to convice me out of this illogical herecy by any means necessary; feelers either gladly share  information about their sign and personal...
Reminded me of this:  Something about it still bothers me :p Especially because there seems to be delight/glory to be had in this suffering/darkness/violence/death. I wonder if self-preservation is...
No.  No.
<3
They were clearly going for a dimensionality model but ended up with a something that implies that ENXPs have the memory and EXTJs the authenticity of a 3 year old... doesn't that make them the most...
If you are anti counter culture does that mean you are pro culture?
Who are you talking about? Uncle Freddy or uncle Aristotle?  Also psychology isn't a real science to begin with is another argument I find highly engaging and thrilling. Give it a chance?   ...
MBTI: ENXJ Enneagram: 6  716657  Vigilant > Mercurial > (can't really choose between Serious, Conscientius and Leisurely especially because there seems to be a contradiction there... but also...
Indeed. Ti PoLR if there ever was one.
I think Aristotle was also an ISFP. Just think about it
Since when did enneagram tests start testing cognitive functions and why would extroverted intuition be meta cognition I am so confused you would not believe it
I'm gonna have to disagree with this. Every governing system needs myths, and it doesn't get much better than that one :laughing:
I agree, feeler dominants are hardly pushovers when it comes to feeling matters. EXTJs got a bad rep for being controlling like that though usually you find them being more indirect, like controlling...
Oh sure thing, didn't he like dancing and stuff?
Evidently...
Lol right. She's not profound enough to be one.
Totally. However. Everything about others can be found in us too on some level - and the other way around. We reckognize these things and reflect them back. We seek for justifications. There aren't...
What has Taylor Swift got to do with this? Why do you keep bringing her up as an example?
I'll take my chances.
It seems like people like Terry Pratchett and Douglas Adams easily earn the NTP-badge but a lot of seems to be jusrified by them exploring their respective genres and that general seemingly...
.
ESFX  https://youtu.be/yX1L7a5wfXY  I want to love, I've all the wrong glory  INFX  https://youtu.be/o8b197szrz0
Only during some extremely bad bursts of paranoia and even at the worst moments there were some people who acted  as anchores to reality so no, the feeling did not take over completely.
Bad
I would kill them with my bare hands.
Whichever starts more arguments.
Oh sure, and there are far better systems where to fit in than MBTI, I know that much. But the idea was, Fi feels a sense of identity on its own so it is easier for you to reject ecpectations...
This may work wonderfully for you Fi types who can feel your way to internal sense of self just fine on your own, but for us who Fe-el all over the place fitting a logically defined type category is...
Manners maketh man.
To be fair it's probably my fault for trying lean on Jung's  types (which in themselves are pretty vague on the other hand and self-conflicting on the other) in the convo whereas some people prefer...
I'm sorry to hear that, it can't be easy to be at the receiving end of it. But it does sound fairly typical.  Another problem is, even if we develop thinking, it's usually only good for a limited...
It manifests as avoidance to think about my inferior function.  Which only leads to more trouble :rapture:  Or I overestimate my ability to think.  Either way, pretty typical stuff.  I don't...
Okay, so, I think it brought awareness as to where I should direct my focus (just kind of appreciation for things I used to take for granted or ignored - and further developing them to become more...
MBTI: ENXJ Socionics: EIE-Ni Enneagram: 6 Instinctual variant: I relate to all so... I've probably misunderstood. Hogwarts house: Gryffindor :love_heart: Ocean: High in Opennes, Low in...
I'm actually an ENTJ and my machiavellian plans include mostly tax evasion
Oooh so Tori Amos really IS Ni as I suspected. How about that.   Aka. Extrovert. :crying: Gotcha.  I guess I agree on Reznor then, seems a bit Ni/Fi heavy overall like I said, explanations &...
Well that pretty much is the original definition. Jung might just as well taken a look of some of these artists and seen them as the lone voices in the wilderness...  If intuitive perception...
At least Weird Al actually shows Ne cognition in exploring every bit of potential of the topic he is singing about....  The fact that he is a comedian is NOT the point.
.   I'll just PM you rather than risk getting an infraction for derailing the thread
What kind of response were u expecting
https://youtu.be/lOfZLb33uCg Bit of an extreme comparison but I couldn't resist :crazy:
Life
Haha ha
It's bit of a pickle to differentiate between Fe and social instinct at times because things like social awareness, group values and the like are also categorized as extroverted feeling (as opposed...
As a general trend, extroversion might lead into greater tendency to change opinion/perspective as new information comes about whereas introverts are probably slightly more hesitant in adapting to...
A bunch of NT wannabes.
I didn't say NPs lack conviction, I said NTPs don't really have strong enough feeling function to have the punch or gut MM has. MM has full confidence in his judgement, which in most cases seems...
Personally, I prefer to use the theory to excuse some of my more unpleasant traits.'"


2081: 'Actually, there are a few movies and shows that I enjoy more than their sources, Lord of the Rings being one of them. I always found Tokien's writing to be overly descriptive and bogged down with too...
I've never read the books. Not even one page...and I shouldn't have to. If the book is the same as the movie and they just copied it, then I would say that the Deathly Hallows book sucks too. But I...
The tone in my reviews is meant to be sarcastic and humorous. It's not meant to be taken as an assault on the movie tastes of others.  It just would have made more sense if they decided at the end...
I'm not assuming the rest of the world has gone mad. Everyone is entitled to like or dislike whatever they want, I just said I don't get it. Ususally, when I see a lot of people like a movie, it...
How anyone could consider this film masterfully crafted with all it's enormous plot holes is beyond me. It honestly shocks me that it got such raving reviews from all the critics. I guess they let...
If you had read the whole review, I made the point that regardless of what the movie is based on, IT'S A MOVIE! Whether it explains the plot more in the books or not, when you make a movie, the...
Questions? Comments? Snide remarks? Anything?
Here is a link to my review of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (Parts 1 and 2) on Facebook. I have not read the books. This is a review of the movie only:  WARNING: MAJOR SPOILERS AHEAD ...
Thanks! Good to be back!
LOL Thanks. Before this one, I don't think I had posted anything since February.
Hello again, everyone! Decided to return to the forum after a long absence. I got really busy with work, so I was away for a while. You may see some more activity from me now, unemployed as I am....
I get  along great with everyone in my family and I always like to visit with  them.
Love being an ENFJ! Wouldn't want it any other way! :happy:
:shocked: I take exception to that comment. ENFJs aren't into casual flings and won't usually have them at all. We take our relationships seriously. If you had this experience, the guy must not...
1) What do you like most about being an ENFJ?   I like my ability to talk to anyone easily and cheer people up. I also like the feeling that helping others gives me.  2) Whats your favorite...
I must say I do NOT like the signatures centered without a choice. I think we should be able to center our own if we want, but I like mine aligned on the left.  EDIT: Never mind, I figured out that...
Hopeless romantic. :happy:
Another ENFJ! Good to have you here! :happy:
As an ENFJ, I'm very happy with my work. I'm the manager at a group home for developmentally disabled children. It's a perfect fit for me.
While I don't do it as a career right now, I have been a musician for most of my life. I sing and I play the guitar. I write songs. I also write stories very well. A friend of mine who is also an...
Yeah, I'm the same way. If I can't picture myself with her, I don't get into the relationship. In the same vain, I'm not into casual relationships. When I'm with someone, I want a real relationship....
Welcome, Rosalie7! Glad to have you here! :happy:
In all seriousness, I really don't have any problem forming opinions. I find I have very strong opinions on most issues and I'm very decisive on them.
I'd have to say my biggest problem is feeling like people don't value me as much as I value them, and sometimes that hurts. I sometimes feel unappreciated for my kindness as well.
Yeah, some people find me weird, but definitely in a good way! :happy:
No. Absolutely not...wait...yes. :wink:
I'm very extroverted, and she's a borderline.    Definitely not trying to talk myself out of it. I'm just interested in everyone's thoughts, since this is a personality type forum. As a matter of...
What does everyone think about two ENFJs dating each other? Anyone had experience with this?  I'm asking because this girl I'm very interested in is an ENFJ, although she is less extroverted than I...
I actually get along best with ENFPs and other ENFJs. We just relate better. I'm not indecisive at all.
I haven't read the books, but the films are god-awful.
Why, thank you. Perhaps I should add that to the list. :wink:
Well, here I go:  1. I'm warm and full of empathy for others. I always know what someone is feeling and I get powerful vibes from people. 2. I'm the most loyal friend or significant other a person...
Welcome! My brother and my best friend are both INFJs.
Thanks for the warm welcome, everyone! :happy:
I've been singing for most of my life, but I picked up the guitar about 10 years ago when I was a freshman in high school and taught myself, and I've been playing ever since. Music is a passion of...
Yes, and I suppose that could be a problem sometimes.    If I truly did my best at something and the person was outwardly disappointed, inwardly I might feel a bit wounded since I do take pride...
Hmmm, good question. I'd love to answer, but can you think of a more specific scenario?
Just wanted to say hello!  My real name is Matthew, by the way. I'm an ENFJ and an Enneagram Type 2 with a 3 wing. I'll be 25 this year, and I'm a consultant in the construction industry.  Glad...'"


2143: 'I know that situation way too well. In all honesty I think you just got to be honest with her. In my personal experiences, I base a lot on my intuition hoping the person comes to me but not realizing...
anything with chocolate and involving gelato sounds scrumptious :D
Still though, my former crush is starting to notice me more (I think) so who knows maybe her leaving was a blessing in disguise after all. :P
Aww thank u, I'm actually bi or well I define myself that now since I have had crushes on guys in the past. I will say I am more attracted emotionally and physically to females though ;P so yea I...
Thanks guys! I really appreciate your responses. I called her, left a message saying I wanted to talk and left it at that. Regardless, I was a lot calmer after that and let go of a lot of anxiety.. :P
You're completely right. There's a fine line between friends and more than friends. Once one person feels for the other, someone has to say something, or in general it's just hurtful ;(...
I think it's hard for me also not to develop infatuation when something is mutual when I like someone a little. Since I haven't had any mutual experiences, it's completely easy for me to want that...
Thanks guys, I think that's a good idea :)
@ fatality- I'm actually bi but I loved ur comment anyhow :D
Hey everyone, I hope your night is going well. I'm so confused on what I should do and I really would love to hear your advice as I'm pretty new to dating ( especially girls) and I want to be sure I...
I was just wondering about ENFJ's and their experience with dating?  I feel as an ENFJ I want to put too many expectations or emotions into the situation. Do you? :cool:
Helping someone with BPD is extremely hard. Just be sure to help yourself before them, because it is truly easy to get caught up with their emotions. It's hard to be friends with them but I think the...
I just saw this video this youtuber posted. She's a frequent makeup and jewerly blogger and calls herself pursebuzz. Once in a very long while she has vlogs that relate to real life advice. This...
I've heard the only way to survive in the word is to get tough especially in the work force. My mom worked in not the greatest neighborhoods at schools that were kind of poor that recruited a lot...
I am horrible at flirting on cue!!! I always admire my ENFP friends for their ability to just go for it! I guess I flirt right when I start talking to them and try to see what they're interested in....
[QUOTE=kiwigrl;2772798]Even just this morning I was sitting in my car, lost in thought about my current friendships and how genuine I think they might be. I have been let down a bit in the past few...
I like to speculate but I do it more in certain moments when something grandiose or inspiring happens. I think I questioned and contemplated a lot when I was younger in order to define myself and the...
Soo true!!! I always pride myself in going to a school that made me really culture savvy and being aware of differences. But really, when you're not familiar with the signals it can make it seem to...
I'm mainly 1/4 German ( possibly more b/c both my parents have German in them) and  1/4 Czech. The only thing I know about the German temperament is that Germans are stereotypically passive...
This is incredibly awesome I love having a fun way to understand this b/c my rm told me the standard way and it wasn't as fun yay for creativity! Thank you so much for posting this! :D
Yes they do have single housing and I'm definitely considering living alone for that reason which might happen but then a/g I don't think I'd mind it at least not the first yr. :D
I'm moving to a new state for grad school and will know noone when I get there. Most likely it'll be off- campus housing, but I've had bad room-mate situations in the past. Since I'll no longer be...
I'm realizing the older I get the more I can't push my emotions away which also for now includes anxiety. Although I still kinda suffer from anxiety, I'm trying to get in that habit that I can...
Why are you asking the INTP what he's doing? Shouldn't you know through your psychic powers?
Today I was totally thinking of the scene in the Hunger Games when Katniss takes a shower in the training center and pushes all these buttons in which all these different oils and soaps and shampoos...
I'm really bad at flirting, mostly b/c when I'm really attracted to someone I get scared and clam up :/ unless of course I consume alcohol mostly I have to be certain the person is interested before...
BIG HUGE HUG   http://momeee.com/wp-content/uploads/10..jpg
OMG THANK YOU SOO MUCH FOR POSTING THIS!!! but yea to answer your question I think your first guess was right that you might've told him that he should pay more since you did hit your head. But yea I...
* Paris Jetaime-> weird but really cute film!  * Water Lillies-> awesome coming of age film!
This may  help:   I also have fallen in the habit of procrastination ( like now). What really helps me though is trying to get myself in the habit of setting little realistic goals for myself which...
I used to have harder time with fear of intimacy but I think I'm finally growing out of it yet I can still sympathize because I always tend to feel like I'm gonna lose when I try to confront people...
I scored low on almost everything except histrionic which I got moderate, tks for sharing the quiz! :D
http://cdn.mdjunction.com/components/com_joomlaboard/uploaded/images/hugs05-446cc35671126ad37759657dddf7c764.jpg  I agree with KC's post. I never have had a genetic urge to want to die but I...
We talk a lot about how our families are and in general what we think about psychological or cultural things. I think though talking with thinkers at least for me helps me in the sense that my...
I was thinking about this and wondered if it is just me:   but do you ever feel like you want to get emotionally involved to make sure someone is ok even if you're not close with a person? I was...
1.How do you act around romantic interests?In person? usually kinda shy. I have to be confident enough that they might feel the same way because then it's easier for me to flirt without worrying...
I am called shy a lot by my family making me think that half the time I can act slightly introverted when I don't know how to act in a situation.   I'm probably more patient than the average ENFJ. ...
1. What brought you to Personality Cafe? My ISTJ rm introduced me to it. She posts more than me but as soon as I not only responded to others threads but posted some of my own I found I liked it...
On a beach. I love the ocean and being near sea breeze :D   If you could bring one item with you to an island, what 2 items would you take and what 2 items would you leave behind?
How do I maintain my individuality: By trying to continue to do things I love while at the same time trying to make sure others are ok. Sometimes I still try to balance this but for the most part,...
Coming from a non- ENFP perspective, a lot of my friends are introverts which is always funny because in the past all of my friends were extroverts and almost always ENFPs. (haha).. I honestly like...
ENFJ and Aquarius
I'm definitely naturally protective and have been made fun of for it. It's a trait I like and don't like because it helps me show my caring side when I'm interested in someone yet at the same time it...
I don't think it absolutely matters. I'm an ENFJ but there are times when I can act very P when I want to go somewhere that weekend and I'm just like hey do you want to do this and well as not...
Ahhh.. * hugs!!!!*   As far as the identity crisis: I think I can partially relate to it. For a long time I thought I was an introvert or I wanted to challenge myself to be more spontaneous. My...
I'm soo picky. It's funny because I always tend to think I'm doing something wrong after a while too but really I try to look at the positives of it. I realize my brother and I are similar that way....
I think it's fun! It helps you really learn to have a photographer's eye and get some great shots. For example, when I was taking pictures for class, I ran across this couple in which both the guy...
*You and your friend go on fb to type random people from photos because you both think it's fun!  * You start to type characters you watch on t.v. shows subconciously :D
You want to be spontaneous but there's a little voice in the back of your head yelling at you for not getting as much as you planned done :D (haha)
Wohoo! yay for blue eyes!   I'm going to a restaurant I've never been to for my bday :D hoping it's as good as the reviews say :D'"


2161: 'Hey everyone... After working for about 5 months.. Going through alot of things.. I recently decided to take the MBTI again and score a ENFP with a mild tendency towards Perceiving(11%)  Did it...
INFPs are people we really love to have around because you know what we feel, what we mean, you want to listen, and you don't judge us, just love us..   amazing....
Hey dancing! nice to meet you! girls which wish people well sincerely? awesome!
you are right my friend....
haha.. sounds exhausting and fun at the same time...
my god! you guys sound wonderful!
I understand.....    no one likes us for us...
Simple... Be the force which is there even though it is not there.. We fear, respect, salute and appreciate such greatness...  meaning that let your boss, know what your current works are,...
So true..... I can relate to every line.... so much melancholy... so much hurt.. so much heart.. All kept inside to so we don't get hurt but that hurts us too.
sex, food, sales..  YEAH!!!
So intriguing... lol
Personally, I've never met an ENFJ girl in real life..  or not that I know of.  Must be nice to know who they are and what they are like.  Hey ENFJ girls!  How are you and what was your day...
Being appreciated and understood..  ENFJs can die in peace now... lol
thanks... makes so much sense when you put it that way...
Fake lefty, How do you see fit suppress your feelings?   That puzzles me....
amazing... just amazing....  I admire that you took the time to look inward and made the effort to say no, its not everyone, its me and changed so drastically...  I can relate so well to the...
hey Eggsies... just curious... how did you change from an ISFJ to an ENFJ?
In times of great need and strife, All an ENFJ needs is the reassuring hand of a loved one to say that  we'll go through this together no matter what with the soft forgiving eyes that only...
not at all. hahha   What I meant was that, as you might be focusing very intensely in to the things which you are currently doing,   This would result in using most of available mental real...
haha... my god... no wonder you're feeling so down... You've not been getting your fill of social love from your peers!    Cheer up.. Find some one to talk to and express yourself.. trust me you'l...
is it easy to forget things, sometimes important things?
thanks for the great insight...  my confusion stems from the point of focus & the ability to multi task.  Having quite a low Se myself, I can't seem to be very focused on 1 thing and blot out...
I'd imagine it like waking up and just doing whatever you feel like, am I right?  wow... I heard its alot like the movie (In to the wild). where you just go along with the flow and see where it...
Hello,  What does it mean to live in the moment from an ISTP point of view?  Im an Enfj, and have always some sort of pre-planned idea of what to do & what to expect.  However, I can't seem to...
hey man... I'm an ENFJ and my girlfriend of 1 year is an ISTP...   From as far as I know, She exhibits the typical ISTP traits...  And some what unaware of feelings.  It could be that you have...
Hi!!! Fellow ENFJ! nice to meet you..   I really new here too!  wanna be friends? :happy:
I totally agree with you on the indecisiveness, I've been called out on not being focused. I'm just deciding all factors and possibilities...   I really Don't appreciate it when people don't take...
omg I love your post.... really Speaks out my heart...
The biggest thing about ENFJ's, be it a man or woman, is that you need to return the gesture.   If we feel that our initiative or gestures are not returned in kind, we voluntarily retreat.  We...
I thinks it more of a general thing.  Brings me tremendous joy to see people successful after helping them.
And these are the magic words!
Hahah, Thanks so much so putting it out there..  I'm with an ISTP girl and its still exactly the same ....
Hey, relax..  All I wanted to know if the two could be related.. as people's personalities develop overtime.  As Blue G explained.. people are who they are not because of what they went through....
Hey Blue G, really sorry, Didnt mean to offend you or any ISTPs in anyway.   ISTPs are very close to my heart. I wish to understand them better.   Thank you for your insight. I was just really...
Hey, I really want to know.. I know an ISTP as a best friend, and he has told me he has been hurt before in the younger years and as a result have decided to close his emotions from the world...  ...
gamer girls are usually INTJs... Just sayin... lol
Mercedes SL 65     The best or nothing.  87025
One of the biggest problems of ENFJ's is letting go...  We have to really get that not everything is our fault.  And we shouldn't feel that way... When we do and ppl pick it up.  They will...
thank you! you have really shed some light on my problem... Things are really looking up for me and her as from what I used to feel as void & silence is actually tranquil peace...:happy:
AWwwwwwww.... we forgive you!:happy:
I love that I can peer through the veil of a person's personality and make an almost accurate image of their behavior or personality, just with the looks, feel, habits & body language of a person. ...
Yes, we do that often, but that seeking approval attitude, comes from us being unsure of what the other person we want to interact with thinks and we are just testing the waters.  We actually put...
Hey orange... yea that is so true about us! we love taking the initiative.. However, if the favor is not returned in kind, we feel as if we have been taken for granted and not treated well, and would...
haha, I really like that... cry in the face of peril...  I'm beginning to think its true that by staying away from problem people is better.   As I always thought that problem people are people...
OMG thanks again for replying such a long and meaningful message. It really means the world to me to receive your help.   Its been an uphill battle in the dark.. to say the least.  I've spent...
haha annoy people on facebook... I like that one!
Hahhaha.. too much time alone makes us sad sad people.. we need friends!!
I would love that! how do you do that? :sad:
Hey, Thank you so much for your insight.  It's good to hear from another ISTP girl to know that you guys really need your own time and space to figure out your things.  The perils and stress occur...
hey, just wanna ask... since you're an ISTP girl..  How do you see the world  and  how do you take life?  My partner is an ISTP as well. and cause we don't usually have alot of ISTP girls around...'"


2164: 'Thank you for your response Hotspur, you have given me great insight!  I do recognize that I don't always go into a conflict with a agree to disagree attitude, and that usually happens if I'm...
I appreciate the empathy; thank you for sharing!  I hope your relationship flourishes into a beautiful entity! :happy:
I've read over and over that INFPs dislike conflict and prefer harmony.  While I do enjoy harmony the INFP brings, I can be pretty opinionated about several issues, and in a conversation, this can...
Anti-tattoos, what the hell?! :laughing:. Yes, we, the mighty ENFJs are crusaders against tattoos; feel our wrath tattoos wearing degenerates! :tongue:  Can someone please make a poll for this...
In that case, what are your favorite songs?  That makes sense; I could see it being whiny.  Emo is entertaining since it's very energetic, especially if you go to a show!  Everyone is dancing,...
I would say that most of those adjectives described me, but you have to keep in mind that every individual is going to be different; no two ENFJs will be EXACTLY the same.   I think the list for...
Cool beans, I also enjoy some metal and punk music!  What are your favorite metal and punk bands?  Haha, I can see why you would want to punch someone listening to emo; it can seem depressing!  I...
Well, I can't say I know many ISTPs, but the one I did know from high school was a fantastic guy.  He was one of the few individuals who stood out and wasn't afraid to follow the norm.  I enjoyed his...
Thank you for taking time to write this; I appreciate it! :happy:
That can be just as difficult too, trying hard to make an establish relationship work. For what it's worth, you seem to be a stellar individual; I've enjoyed reading a lot of your posts.  You come...
One of the things that fascinate about being an ENFJ is how much emphasis we put on people and relationships; like our Idealist brothers and sisters, we daydream about the ultimate relationship. ...
First off, how is this a sign of judgement day?  It's just a guy with tatoo drawings, and look how happy he is!  I think it's a sad day when people ridicule and castigate someone for expressing their...
You have a job interview at 10:00 AM; you show up at 9:30! :tongue:
I concur, INFPs are wonderful people!  You guys and girls have a beautiful imagination, strong ideals, and an authentic desire to help others; I highly respect that!  Just remember, you're an amazing...
Congratulations good sir! :happy:  Even though I just met you, I'm glad and thrilled to know and gentlemen and a scholar! Until next time, I'll see you on the ENFJ threads! :happy:
Random side note, I really need to start proofreading my comments for errors! :laughing:
My avatar is the album cover of More Skin with Milk-Mouth from the band Giraffes?Giraffes! (no, that is not a typo; they spell their names with punctuation marks :laughing: ).  I'm a avid lover of...
It seems that a lot of ENFJs are drawn to psychology; it's our nature to want to pursue a career that aims to help others! :happy:
Hehe, well I just recently graduated with my bachelor's in psychology, and I can tell you that it was an amazing experience!  Psychology intrigued me because I developed a better understanding of...
I've noticed, thank you for taking the time to read my thoughts; it means a lot to me :happy:.  As for your final statement, all I can say is you sir are a gentlemen and a scholar! :proud:
1. Currently, I'm looking for a job as a mental health technician, or a case manager.   I'm perplexed by questions 2-4.  Is there a personality test about, what kind of animal am I, or are you...
Salutations! I'm a new ENFJ, so you'll have to excuse my late arrival!  I'm always up for a good conversation, so feel free to drop by and say hi! :happy:
Salutations dearlybeloved!  Welcome to Personality Cafe! I hope you have an amazing time, and I can't wait to hear what you have to say on the forums! I'm an ENFJ, and I'll probably see you either in...
Well, as a disclaimer, this may be a long response, so thank you to anyone that reads it!  As of now, there are 2 major issues that I want to fix:  1.The American media's portrait of whom and what...
In my past, I've been attracted to INFPs, INFJs, INTJs and ISFPs!  I'm especially fond of INFPs because of what I've read about their compatibility with ENFJs.  Can't say I've meet many INFPs though...
I'm not an INFP, but I do enjoy their calm, tranquil nature; it soothing to my ecstatic persona!  I feel that because INFPs have this tranquil personality, they are gifted listeners; I feel that they...
I can't stop listening to Catgroove; it's incredible! Thanks for the recommendation!
Wow, you like a lot of the bands that I do!  I love Explosions in the Sky, Bon Iver, and   especially The Most Serene Republic! You are the only other person I know that has heard of Most Serene...
You know you're an ENFJ when...:  1. People get uncomfortable with the amount of hugs you give them. 2. You're told you're a flirt, and you're surprise to hear this. 3. You have a lot of...
Haha, How does it feel to beat an ENFJ at a humility contest?
Haha, by chance has anyone told you that you're the most humble person ever? :)
Ok, I'm glad you clarify that for me! For a moment, The Art of Seduction didn't fit in with the other books!  Well, not EVERYONE likes us, just a good portion of people! :) We are quite the...
Wow, intriguing!  I'm not going to lie, the 50 cent book sounds like an awesome, random collaboration!
Robert Greene...now that name sounds familiar.  What are his works?
Wow, what coincidence! The Art of War by Sun Tzu is on my book list! You sir just gained kudos points!
Thank you for telling me the name of his book; I'll have to check it out after finishing my book list!  Wait, you like power?  Niccolo Machiavelli loves power?! I would of never guess.  Next you'll...
What is the main theme of his famous book?  Also, how are his beliefs still relevant in today's society?  Lastly, I'm curious to know your personal fascination with him; where did it stem from?
Haha, fair enough!  By the way, can you tell me some interesting facts about Machiavelli?  All I can remember about him was he wrote a book about how to gain power and deceive your enemies.
Technically, I want to be a school psychologist.  Initially, I wanted to join either a clinical or counseling psychology program, but it's extremely competitive.  I also enjoy working with...
First off, welcome! :)  I've worked at a grocery store, Dunkin Donuts, and a movie theater; it was quite boring and mundane.  My main issues with these jobs were I didn't feel like I was...
As of now, I want to improve myself on an intellectual level: I've been trying to read more books, watch more documentaries, and I enjoy Vocab Word of the Day!  Other than that, I'm applying to...
Oh, my bad, you are an INTJ, oops!  As for being perfect, don't be modest!  I'm sure you're beyond perfect! :)  As for me, I'm striving for self-actualization; it's quite fun!
Welcome to the forum, Jawz and myself have been trying to recruit more of you! :cool::laughing:[/QUOTE]  Why thank you kindly! I'm glad to be a part of this website!  I feel that I can learn a lot...
Sure, knowledge is power; I enjoy from others and sharing my own experiences!  Oh, I enjoy talking about music; there is your fun fact about me! :) What brings you here? What threads do you enjoy?...
C'mon folks ... just drop in and say hi .. and tell us a little bit about yourselves :)  Salutations! I'm an ENFJ, and I just joined personalitycafe today! Nice to meet you! :)  What brings you...
What signs do you give off when you like someone? (Romantically)  If I really like someone, I will go out of my way to spend more time with them; this includes texting them, calling them, inviting...
When I think of INFPs, I think of music that's tranquil and relaxing; something that helps you daydream and get lost in your thoughts.  With that in mind, I present the following list:  Owen-Owen...
For starters, Regina Spektor is fantastic; kudos to you for listening to her!  I should give a disclaimer that I LOVE talking about music! That being said, I would recommend the following: ...
Salutations! I'm a new ENFJ, and I'm thrilled to be a part of this community!  I've enjoyed reading a lot of the threads here, especially the ones about INFPs and ENFJs!  I'm hoping to engage in deep...'"


2167: 'Makes me feel special. Any gift that shows that I'm thought about is nice, really. I like how it's counter to the traditional use of the display, too, being a guy.  But mostly cause it makes me...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8EGVVQSuNg
Occam's Razor - People make out descriptions to be true in all regards in all individuals of a type, with no disclaimers of exceptions.   This goes on and on until the working theory becomes...
nnnnngh
She can carve the tally herself.  Anyways, watch Louie, people.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijQI2AJvNjI
Saying hi and introducing yourself usually works. If that is painful I have bad news for ya.  If you can pull through that half of the work you're good to go, the rest is just mutual interest and...
Self-pity is an egotistical masturbation. One that has no climax and one devoid of even the want. It is a masturbation of a fantasy that one's struggles are deserving purely of insane dramatization...
Don't mean to be rude, but that ranges between 8 types all augmented by different Dominant Functions (and Introverted P/J complexity) and respective supporting stacks. You of course would have...
If I ever do get married, I'm going to learn blacksmithing so I can forge an engagement sword.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=gkp8TVDmID4
P-ish in what way?
Here we go...  I have a lot of problems with western social movements, not necessarily the issues they stem from, but how these movements are conducted and how adherents conduct themselves. But on...
If we're going to continue to force people into existence, can we at least understand the crucial, deep level of kindness and respect that this existence should warrant? You live and die cause I...
I'd mail you buckets of chocolate if I could.
Gotta agree with Jawz on that one. Whether we want an academic definition of Good or Bad, or if thats even possible, all I can say is that I like not being irrationally persecuted or otherwise have...
Yes indeed! By the natural inclination to separate oneself from the object, one would require more effort to be as exposed, as opposed to the opposite, to the subjective experience- to reason through...
@AstrellaLunari  Regardless, the distinction between emotions/feelings, and the object focused Judgement of Fe is clearly defined. Emotions are relevant information for the Fe dataset, but as an...
Well maybe that's just bullshit and nonapplicable to this real world example.
Sometimes I get the time frames of my memories mixed up. When I think back on the last 3 years, distinguishing each one individually is almost pointless. Summers melt into one, surely the years are...
Broadly, it's about a man put on trial, literally and figuratively, and the resulting judgements of his honest and stoic character are very much a result of how he is perceived rather than what he...
Gossip Goat  May I suggest The Stranger, by Camus?
The people sang protest songs Protest songs in response to military aggression But the battle raged on  The people chanted virtues Virtues in response to injustice But the hatred continued ...
my house
Gossip Goat  Ah, but there's great beauty (and utility) in the systematic subversion of such notions.
What would said argument be about?
heh, well that's ur problem m8  -Fe
Nah, this is another problem altogether, and applying typology theory in this may just complicate things. She's fucked, start from that fact instead.
If you truly wish to regard these shitty generalizations in type descriptions as gospel in application of the theory to real individuals, come the fuck at me.  ...
Thanks, some questions:  Would you say that you have a genuine connection? Or is it more a formal interaction between the both of you?  Have there been any other topics of interest or...
Well what do ya know about the guy- interests, opinions, demeanor, observations of behaviour with you in particular?  Dunno enough about who he is or your dynamic yet.
No, I'm a person. I dislike people, I can be vain, petty, angry, jealous, envious, name it. You may have already known these things.  I just notice what people claim to be, believe in, what ideals...
We can make guesses and share opinions but the only way to get accurate information is from the man himself. Pay the respect you owe yourself and the agency that he deserves, and just ask him about...
JayShambles  Pretty sure his sentiment was more along the lines of, it's sickening that the world we live in consequently makes children want to die as opposed to, it's sickening that children...
It surely can be a logistical consequence of Fe, but it should not be core evidence for typing somebody as an ENFJ as it is not a fundamental property of [what I'm guessing this is attributed to-]...
http://static3.fjcdn.com/comments/Rub+some+paste+on+his+nipples+this+will+kill+him+_94d13a04e11547f76904fe94ecf916d4.jpg
Things have been rather floppy lately, but my drive is looking executable with you around.
Timely invite! And to think I was going to just sell the two families we nabbed after the heist.
Meh, shitty people exist. Let's not get romantic about MBTI types yo. It's merely a component of mind, not the whole picture.
I saw a dragon today.
Yeah those are totally manifestations of those respective angles. Emotions do tend to correlate with belief systems, it's just that they get conflated with the purpose of feeling functions,...
Feelings are neither Fe or Fi. With Fe or Fi we're talking about value judgments, specifically those related to the self or those held by the larger group. So moral and ethical rationalizations of...
Decent interpretation, though I'd make a distinction between emotions and overarching value judgments and belief systems. Unless you were just recognizing the informational value of emotions :)
You make feeling shitty look relaxing. I wish I had the capacity for crisis counselling, I'm afraid I'd choke or something. You find time at all to nurture yourself?
Gurl that masochistic self-determination and fulfillment is what my life's about. I plan on doing the same thing with counselling. Good fuckin luck to ya and I hope you leave with a wound or three....
Nobody loves you because you don't love yourself.  HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY
Is it an assumption that pursuing or accomplishing a goal will bring an end to your anxiety in this matter? Is it being inactive that you feel this way? Or the circumstances that you find yourself in...
I mean, that's not to be unsympathetic, but the role you'll take in such a relationship is written clear as day. The question is, do you want that? It's really a blessing to have him reveal that to...
I'll add ya when I get home. I'm on Pacific Time, free after 4:30ish.
Regardless, he shouldn't be asking advice about his mental viability in a romantic relationship from whom he has expressed the interest in.  Not a red flag I'd overlook.
Came here to repel an army and ended up watching a room full of retards trying to hump a doorknob.'"


2235: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfg4SC9Nics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMq979eouf8
Blodsmak - Sveltihel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IN1skVSX8mM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4lDJ0geURY
He's brilliant! But this was the episode where he had Regeneration Sickness. So we should wait on judging before we see more of him :P
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yp5NHqyljzs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSOHOMKWJEg
That's kinda cool... It's somehow modern with an old new-wave kind of tone to it. Typical indie I suppose. Not really my kind of music but it's still good.  This my friends, is Honningbarna...
Austin Powers. The Spy Who Shagged Me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEdNz3qCiPQ
Austin Powers. International Man of Mystery.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OA7711eRE-A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4c8O2n1Gfto  ^ I see we're on the same level!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-bfcjpZ5vM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EvGn22Mplg
Same Old Song and Dance - Aerosmith
One Way Street - Aerosmith  (Warming up for the gig next week)
http://www.lovingmystuff.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/543.jpg
https://c1.staticflickr.com/5/4100/4759855898_71fba703db_z.jpg
Zombie eat horn-horse brains!
Wanna see me as a Zombie?   http://i.imgur.com/ndSJ0cAl.jpg http://i.imgur.com/myXbIy3l.jpg http://i.imgur.com/FG1Rr7nl.jpg http://i.imgur.com/WoamNLjl.jpg   And my wounds...
Does Your Mother Know - ABBA
Does your mother know - Abba
I gotta use my soundsword now. http://37.media.tumblr.com/f28e19710e0a6f0d813177d8af71d486/tumblr_mujikc1pKM1s8udf8o1_500.gif SOUNDSWOOOOOORD!!!
nnnNNNHHHJUAAAAAAAAH!! THIS POST IS UNACCEPTABLEEEEE!!!
Yes it's including the fjords snd isles.
Did you know, we got the biggest coast line besides Chile. It's 3x bigger than the total length of the equator belt.  Anyway, I see we are more from Scandinavia here. Is there a group for...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9auOCbH5Ns4
HEY! FELLOW NORWEGIAN! I didn't reallize! Hallo der :D  Though it's not really that small in size... only in population.
http://www.replikultes.net/medias/uploads/films/waynes_world_2/waynes_world_2_06_aerosmith2.jpg You're worthy, you're worthy, get up!
Well I might've lost my glasses so my eyes are killing me atm... So feel with'ya dude.  Though if the reason you're down is worse in any way, I'll redraw that remark.
So... this is a post of all types that could be valued as... Fabolous unicorns?  I'm gonna go all nope and be a Rainicorn instead....
Nah, he've always been a douche. But now he's just badass! Still a douche, just a badass douche.
Wildstar beta :3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHBxJCq99jA
I got now exactly 100 thanks and done 50 thanks myself! that is quite an awesome achievement!  http://i.imgur.com/nkOLq4y.png
Yh I posted that before the I saw episode 3 and 4 :P
Wreck-it Ralph
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jfU7pw76ZE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0m9QUoW5KnY
I was watching Wreck-it Ralph and suddenly came to the conclusion that this guy http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130214005916/agk/images/6/6e/Fix_It_Felix_Jr._The_Hero.jpg might actually be an...
^ That's next on my list :3 and end of my Disney run D:  Now I'm watching Wreck-it Ralph
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-ewhgUAOWY8g/T4A6YRmToDI/AAAAAAAAA9Q/-f5T1dvgqYo/s1600/Barbarian_Sublimation.jpg  Wildstar beta. The game's entertaining, but it's a nightmare choosing class and it kills...
http://forthemommas.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/dunkin-donuts-free-donut-day-2011.png
http://i1.ytimg.com/vi/2CNd6OGdMO8/hqdefault.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o66DfdfCcAc
STAR WARS EPISODE VII CAST IS CONFIRMED! THERE'S NO SILLY DISNEY TEENAGERS IN IT! THE ORIGINAL CAST IS THERE! ANDY SERKIS IS AMONG THE NEW GUYS! I'M GONNA DIE OF EXCITEMENT BUT I CAN'T DIE BEFORE I...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRans6LjLsI
Meet the Robinsons"


2266: 'My mum had a Cesarean when giving birth to me and my three siblings, and I was told in minimal detail how it worked at a young age.   So I believed that after people got married (only when married)...
I interviewed a female ESFJ for my channel!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx7dInyClb4&list=LLsvrzN85lssQCb-TA5X8Byw
If anyone has similar music tastes to me please do share, I'm always looking for a new sentimental high. (or low perhaps..)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zdNdjF-htY  ...
Hey there everyone!  As some of you may know, I run an MBTI YouTube Channel called Ianfjay.  For a new segment I'm starting up, I'll be getting people to send me (an ENFJ) questions, and I'll...
Thanks for the encouragement, I'm glad you can relate! One of the purposes of my channel is to show others how easy it is to make your own MBTI videos, and how much benefit it is to everyone else in...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQFTGQccSJw
Female ENFJ interview here!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCngYhfsV7A
Thought some of the NTs would be interested to see this!     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viAbI-YV6Gw
I like behavioral humor. e.g. The Office (US). I like comedic voices, manerisms, reactions to pranks, and people making them selves look funny.  In fact, if a person tells a joke I don't really...
You know you're an ENFJ when you pick up on other ENFJs trying to get people excited over things (that they really don't care about).
I love this cartoon!
Really appreciating the responses every one, keep them coming! This is proving to be quite interesting indeed.
Thanks for your submission and comment iisu I plan on posting the results from my blog on to the thread, and will make sure that every one will get to see them. In terms of finishing the study, I...
ENFJ - Pretty much all rock except for most 80s and 90s, alternative, indie, some classical and don't mind some metal core once in a while.
Some ESFJs I know typically take introversion as being shy/lazy, you just need to explain to them how being burnt out physically and mentally affects you, and they should understand. Play on their Fe.
I left the lined option open, I'm also interested to see what colour pen people use too!  Thanks for your submissions every one, and to upload a picture try using imagr, and then linking it to your...
You guys might find this interesting! (if you're interested, there's a copy of my handwriting in the study post too) ...
I was inspired to conduct another study by some of the users over in the ENFJ forum.  I am looking into the correlation between handwriting and one's type, and the variance between temperament,...
I have a male ISFJ friend who hides his feelings from others, because he feels as though most people don't understand them, or appreciate them. So he tends to keep them reserved for a select few who...
I too make use of the half cursive/half print hand writing, however recently I've been writing somewhat slanted towards the left. I feel as though slanting my words gives some sophistication to my...
I mentioned that I know two who get along, to give weight to my idea, instead of making a completely unsubstantiated point. My notion, is that although they are quite different, they still seem to...
I'm sorry to those who didn't get the memo, but the study has finished, you're a few weeks late!  If you would like to see the study results, you can find them here: Typology Study: The...
I know an INTP and an ISTJ that are good friends. They are quite similar in their interests, and in their social interactions. Obviously two quite different types, but it seems plausible.
I've had some minor conflict with an ENFJ female. Not direct conflict in as much, but having them control and guilt trip people around me as well as being self absorbed.   I've come to the...
This interacting with the energy flow that people invest in an outer agreed upon value is true in group situations, and some individual ones. But often times it works past an outer agreed upon...
I could go into detail, but there are probably others who will comment who can explain it better than me.  For me, one of the main distinguishing factors is that INFPs are 'different' (different,...
Thanks for the feedback!
I think Italian is quite beautiful, but of course everyone's taste is going to differ.
I've had moments where a friend is about to ask me a question, and I somehow already know it. As though I've seen it in a dream or vision before.
I think you have mis-interpreted MBTI.  People disagree with me when I say you can't change types, but to go from INTJ to ENFJ is a very far strech.  Being abused would cause you to behave and...
(not an attempt to hate on INFPs, don't misread this post)  I feel as though I am the only ENFJ who shares this view, but what is so special about INFPs?  There are a plethora of threads about...
An INFJ friend of mine gets sick now and again because she works herself a bit too hard.  They say the mental affects the physical.
Start some new projects, that'll get your courage to build up. Start working out, exercising, writing, drawing. Find a hobby and pursue it.
What I would give to be able to study Frankenstein..
I would be blunt with your boyfriend and tell him how much it's affecting you. If not, you could move out until the ESTP leaves?
I'm an ENFJ and can relate to both of these points, and going off some of the other stuff you said, you definitely seem to be exhibiting Fe/Ni - leading me to believe you are an NFJ of some sort.  ...
Although you're now banned, like I said it's more of a subtle thing, and often times I think it's almost subconscious since it goes unnoticed.     It depends on the ENFJ, some are better at it...
'Manipulation' is the wrong word for it, I see it more as persuasion. I believe that in cases it's not a conscious manipulation that we perform, it's more of a subtle thing. I can't give specific...
Here's the follow up video, with a male INTJ.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1YTXjp3NnE
Well introversion/extroversion can be hard to judge over a one sided video, but before and after the interview Anet was quiet and reserved. Having developed feeling and being used to public speaking,...
Anet, an INTJ, gets interviewed using questions from the NFGeeks Video Challenge.  This is the third video in a series of MBTI interviews for my blog, if you found this insightful, feel free to...
An interview for my MBTI blog and an upcoming video series. (captions available)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YPk3-jgMJg
Although I have posted this elsewhere, I feel as though it will be beneficial to share here as well.  I recently conducted a study into the popularity of different types, in high school settings. ...
The long awaited results to the study!  Typology Study: The self-assesed popularity of types in high school. | ianfjay
Just started a blog on MBTI, with an ENFJ twist.  If you have any suggestions on what you would like me to write on, then feel free to message me or reply.  More posts in coming weeks, so be sure...
Shade
Thank you for saying what I had no motivation to say, I completely agree.
Thanks for your objective response.
Tell me INFJs, without adding any context to this question, do you value justice or mercy more?  It seems to me that most of the INFJs I know are very 'justice' based, so I'm interested to see your...
Chose.'"


2288: 'Wracking my brain and I don't think this is a MBTI thing but a more maturity level thing and can run across all 16 personality types.  Bit rude, definitely presumptuous and just plain obnoxious.  I...
Maybe finding out his language of love (words, acts of service, quality time, touch and gifts) and doing that for him so he feels loved?  For me, romance is big and acts of service.  It's always...
Hey Melchiz I remember you from awhile back.  Welcome to the ENFJ boards.  It's sometimes a bit quiet here...  *watches tumbleweed roll by*  But good people do pop in (like yourself!)
I see that you have put a lot of thought to it.  If you have developed romantic feelings for her and you are 100% sure she just sees you as a friend, I would not hold my breath about changing her...
Yeah, totally random event.  Odd day it was.  inconvenient.
Explosion and Evacuation.
Sounds like a wonderful teacher!  Yay for the great teachers in our lives!  It makes me think of my recent math teacher who was scary in his way, he played no games, and was rough around the edges,...
Feel the soft fuzziness/texture of soft materials.  Inundate your senses with music and beautiful art.  Go out into the woods and be very present and aware of the sky, trees and layout of the land. ...
These posts seem to happen a lot.  This is difficult and difficult to gauge since we are just going off on what you are saying and don't see the interactions ourselves.    My best guess would be he...
Well, to think of him with compassion might make it less draining to you but yes, be clear on not picking up phone calls/texts after you explain why you need space.  He will have to adjust.   ...
Ah and yes, people who say there can be friendship immediately after a breakup, not an easy thing to do.  It takes months or years to understand there is no hope of salvaging the relationship and one...
I find INFJs don't communicate their needs well until they get to the breaking point and poof, gone and do this one-sided thing.  It is your responsibility to set up your boundaries clearly and his...
Very social person and I seem to be the organizer of social gatherings as well.  Would not call myself the leader of my social group but I do love playing hostess and ensuring everyone has a good...
It sounds like he is hurt.  Your needs should be met but it sounds like a one-sided break up.  You sound pretty self-righteous about it.    There is no right or wrong.  Some will judge you on this...
The feeling of wind on your face and a cool breeze on a hot summer day.
Wow, sounds like an emotional roller coaster.  I laughed when you said you read his diary but please don't shoot you as he was there and it was during a fight.  Yeah, lying is no good.  Where's the...
Yes, because films are pieces of art.  We need more art in life.  It makes life that much more beautiful. :)  But to not completely derail this thread, I have been thinking of the original OP's...
Fettuccine Alfredo.  I haven't had this in years.  It was eh, alright.
Watching Beauty and the Beast because damnit, Disney movies make me happy when I'm in an emotional slump.
I guess it depends on how open the person is to discussing about emotions and how close you are.  I think it depends on the person on how comfortable they are about talking about intense feelings or...
Yes, it is exhausting to put on the pleasant social face when you are sad or angry about something.  I agree that we live in an isolating, alienating society.  It's sick.
Thanks for the recommendation.  Oh, you know movies, not always the best representation of life but the great ones make us feel deeply about things.
But shouting for the heck of it is all the rage now.  ;)  I just realized I need to watch more French language films.
The stereotypes are true then?  For instance, in movies they always show the fighting French couple and then passionately kissing/making up after.    I am more for open displays of emotion, but...
Your Mother is always with you. She's the whisper of the leaves as you walk down the street. She's the smell of certain foods you remember, flowers you pick, the fragrance of life itself. She's...
Saw this thread in the INFJ forum.  We ENFJs need a place to mourn too.  This is the thread for you to post tributes or obituaries to lost family members, loved ones, childhood items, pets, what...
Yes, I can see how that would be true.  Getting sucked into the moment.  Living very in the present.
Very smart.  I would highly advise against it.  You might be satisfying sexual urges but it's just not as good as the real thing.    I think INFJ's in general don't rush into things.  ENFJs and...
LOL.  Oh, good.  :)  I tried, oh, did I try but FWB never works out for me.  Someone usually gets attached and it gets weird or people can't do friends with benefits properly as they don't know how...
Glad it worked out for you.  Good advice, above.
What is this fakeness stuff?  Sometimes when you try to be agreeable, people think you're acting fake, I find, and unfortunately it's just perception, not the truth.  I identify with what you said...
Having had casual sex and sex with someone I truly care about, sex with someone you have an emotional connection to is hands down way better.  Making love and having sex is two very different things...
Could be better.  Started intermittent fasting.  So hungry.  Grief is a biatch too.  Sigh, life.
Yes.  It does break my heart too that it seems we are hurtling to the destruction of the planet in the name of unattainable growth.  How people are absorbed in their consumerist, materialistic...
recursive  You can find out your tritype by taking the enneagram test found in the index.  I find it pretty accurate.  Here is the link: Comprehensive Enneagram Quiz
You are correct in not pursuing someone who isn't responding.  It takes two to dance.   Serious romantic and idealist and was with another NF and thought things were going great.  Tend to get ahead...
Having experienced heart break recently too, I would like to help with what helped me through that time.  Lots of sadness, intrusive thoughts and crying.  Had a very difficult time sleeping as my...
Hey, that's really cool.  Pretty good representation.  You have the world, harmony, peace, animals, teddy bears and religion/spirituality in there.  Just needs a rainbow and everyone holding hands. ...
Ouch, harsh guys.    Yes, we on the vast interwebs do not know your exact situation and only hear it from your point of view.  It's safe and anonymous on a forum where you can be whoever you want...
As an ENFJ, I don't know this testing business.  All my serious relationships were instant chemistry from the beginning and mutual attraction and interest that developed into a serious relationship. ...
Sleep. Baking. Contentment.
Sorry.  It sure does hurt a lot when a friend just throws you over like that.  I'm of the mind if someone is so easy to let a friendship go then they don't deserve to be in my life either.  There's...
Most definitely.  Don't worry, you're not the only one.  Most of us are very self-absorbed in our lives, myself included.  And then as time goes on, it's almost weird to get in contact with them...
Yes, I typed that up very late last night and realize my mistake that myelin is found in the brain as well, not just the peripheral nervous system and it is produced by oligodendrocytes instead of...
Yes, I'm learning to be patient.  He once told me one of his super powers was patience.  Another adorable trait of his.  I thought I had gotten better with age but apparently I need a refresher...
Duplicate
This last part is oh-so-true too.  I was just discussing with another ENFJ how we like to lead.  (Although we are not adverse to taking a back seat either if others want to take the lead.)  I'm...
That last part cracked me up.  You always tell it like it is, no sugar coating with you.  :)   LunaWolf, your story sounds like a friend I had in junior high/high school as well.  She was uber drama...
_Observer_, you just gave me a brilliant piece of insight.  There was a misunderstanding leading up to this and I think it made him feel not understood as I wasn't getting his side of the story.  We...
I laughed at this.    Note to self, don't visit Khiro's neighborhood because of the stabby feet people.  I'm like Oswin, I sleep with my feet covered unless it gets too hot then one foot sneaks...'"


2296: 'His reasoning was They could do something differently, they could even be better. Why would you want to miss out on that opportunity? My response (of course) but shouldn't an emotional connection...
He was talking about sleeping with other people while still being committed to the one you have real feelings for. Like an open relationship, but he used the words I don't understand why people get...
a little of both but mostly how to cope with being single. I am technically single for a decent period of time before the next relationship but I'm always into someone else right away...
I was recently seeing an INTP guy & he let it slip during a phone call that he doesn't understand why people get so angry when their SO cheats. This was mind blowing to me, I explained my opinion and...
I need How to be single advice not so much Relationship advice but if there is a mature ENFJ out there who would be willing to give me said advice, don't be afraid to private message me :p
Thanks guys those are some really good points, i'll have to give them a try.
What to do what to do... Has anyone else felt this way? Every aspect of your life is just content, not good not bad but there's no drive no spark. How have you gotten out of this in the past?
INTPs eh? Childlike with their emotions, literally jumping up and down with a ear to ear grin on their faces or the fist clenching teeth barring I WANT IT NOW!!! Impatience. I love them, my best...
^^^This^^^  Similarly, as much as I'd hate to admit it, I place a certain amount of emphasis on my arrogance and ego as it is in some way, my source of confidence.   Back in my high school...
How often do we find ourselves stuck in an arrogant mindset? Is it just me? Who here realizes that they deem themselves more worthy then others? More intelligent, successful, attractive? Or even age...
Surprisingly ENFJs, I recently found this out. The chemistry is the most intense. You also chamele or vibe off of eachother and become a truer you. It's wild.
INTJs have an addicting mystery to them. I've been with Assertive and Turbulant types. Turbulant INTJs are exciting because of the on going pattern switches, i love figuring them out. Assertive was...
Thanks so much for this :) I've been working on it & i've seen amazing improvments. I think a lot of it was just focusing on mindfulness. But now heres the kicker. Im working on becoming me and not...
.
My Wife is ENFJ and has some of what your saying in her as well.   At the beginning of our relationship, she was coming off a bad relationship when I met her, much like you, it almost seems as if...
Think of my shell as a mask that I think is permenently stuck on my face. Idk how to take it off and reveal the neglected me to my loved ones & the world.
In what way? Do you want to not be cold, heartless, and insensitive?[/QUOTE]  No , thats the result of holding in my feelings for so long. Im actually very expressive, sensitive, giving and...
I guess I want to know if other ENFJs have gone through something like this. & if so how did they recover. The points you've made already are very good ideas. Thank You.
With re-discovering myself.
Calling all ENFJs I really need your help!  In middle school and high school (I am now ENFJ19) I was pretty familar with who I was. There was this guy INTJ (15-18) &amp; immature emotionally. He ripped...
First thing- research the functions. Thats how you truly find your type. Also i have a very serious relationship with an INTJ. Don't let these stereotypes fool you. He's the sweetest person I've met....
Honey, if he wanted a real relationship it would have started that way. Just basing this reply off of what i'd do I would be wary of this situation. I'd keep it strictly friends or push for a...
Certainly! With me i'm shy if I think I need to impress them, the pressure is on. if I feel like I have the upper hand then im totally confident and direct. How do you tell from just observing if...
My explaination would be -maybe he forgot you had feelings for him? Or even because he had told you he didn't feel the same a while back, he left all romantic possibilities in the past. Now he could...
How would you suggest?
Here's something i could use your guys's help with... So my INTJ says he doesnt mind talking to me and he doesnt have any problem with me as a person. But its just all the drama that comes along with...
Lol Well not that extreme
More like having somebody that is stubborn for the relationship,there not going to leave or back down if you need space or if you have a fight they will just wait it out and see how things are later...
Well ive liked the kid for quite some time hes exactly what i want and we've been through so much,up an downs and other people but its always him. I have had to adapt since the start but i enjoy the...
Whats your guys's thoughts on stubbornness? Is it annoying or flattering ,what does it say to you ?
How would you suggest? I'm definitely more introvert when it comes to relationships.
I don't find him soul sucking, Surprisingly I actually love the person I've became throughout this experience with him. But Thank you.
Thanks and I know it sounds like all I do from when I wake up in the morning to when I go to bed at night is think of ways to please him, but I'm a very busy person I do many things for myself....
Well atm I know we want different things but I'm willing to sacrifice I think. What I want to know is how do I get him to talk to me again?
Yes it makes lots of sense! I want both... But I can settle with what he can give. It's just tough cuz he used to be that guy for me I used to tell him anything and everything and all he'd have to do...
Hi again...so I don't know what happened with me and my INTJ maybe it was the roller coaster... but he stopped talking to me completely except for a few incidents, we ended up yelling at each...
Well how would you say INTJs express themselves to somebody they may like? and how would you suggest I express myself in a way he'd understand?
But I do try and act like his friend. I don't bring up us in a relationship or anything like that on the times when we do talk I try and talk about the things he likes and the stuff that would...
But I just feel like no matter what I do I lose...if I sit and wait and do nothing we don't progress if I do something! I make him feel which results in him running away and not wanting to talk to...
So what do you think I should do? Just have us go on another break for awhile...and why does he do this...why does he run away? and whats making him feel jealous?
Yeah...I think I missed something...I texted him last night (we have cut down our texting time since our last blow up) I thought we were all good after my peace offering...yea I was wrong he just...
It was alright I guess! no annoyed tone! and eye contact I think it was something that needed to be done :)
Good News! I made a move a couple weeks ago I sat by him and just did some math and made it so it wasn't such a big deal and he stayed!...later we went on a school trip together and we had a little...
I was wondering if you guys could give me some insight on the differences between an immature INTJ and a mature INTJ in a relationship? just so I know how to deal with my INTJ and see what stage he...
Thank you this helped a lot
I don't really think we're at the stage where he would be willing to show up if I planned something like this...we've gone to parties but that's a couple of hours not a whole day and he just walks...
What do you suggest I say? Or what topic do you think I need to bring up specifically? Give me an example?
Well I like cars and football and hockey and the outdoors etc. and well I wanna go to school and make something out of my education I guess :P Do you know maybe what I need to do now in our...
Well the thing is he always says he's tired of my drama and I'm making the assumption that he means my emotional drama...so I'm trying to eliminate that for the time being and bring it back slowly...
Hmmm my impatience...Once we take another step forward I feel a goal has been reached and now it's time to move onto the next goal and when he only let's me get so far I get frustrated and ask him a...'"


2308: 'You know you're an ENFJ when you read something like THAT and think to yourself, Hah! That's AWESOME!!
For the ENFJ's that work in an office and wish we had a window...  16352
Trust. Nothing drives me bonkers more than to be suspected of something without cause.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHA YES THAT'S EXACTLY ME!!!!! Well... I *usually* let them in...
IDK but FWIW (as an ENFJ guy) it feels like the ladies ignore me... I mean I have lots of friends but they're all at arms length, very few people actually know me... and forget anyone wanting a...
(emphasis mine)  Exactly... actually that's completely true for me both for my own emotions, as well as those of others... :/    (If I could interject) ... The whole ENFJ split-brain thing you...
Well that makes sense!! (read that like you would read well, there's your problem) ... thanks!
I work best in the evening (even though I get up at 5 AM, my peak is at about 8 or 9 PM)... but when I'm tired I get very ... existential and philosophical. Very thinky if that's even a word. Not...
Ha. I was just going to say I'd really need to see you move and hear you talk in order to take a stab at your type... but just looking at the picture, I'd say most likely E, Possibly N (maybe S),...
The healthier version of that is just bringing out the potential in others... ;)
Misunderstood - I find (that for me) I constantly feel misunderstood... Not in communication though--people understand very easily what I say and express, but as a person: Not many people know why I...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etQ5Jzv45Qw  Anthem of an ENFJ in a failed relationship. IMHO.
Had a failed relationship with an INFJ, and I'm really still trying to figure out why it didn't work--what went wrong. I really don't feel like giving out details, but could someone expound on what...
Here's a couple I did on my iPad -- critique?? Don't worry about feelings, I won't be hurt if you say it's awful...  Lighthouse: I actually like this one ... Lighthouse drawn on ... on Twitpic...
*update* ... FYI it didn't work out with me & her... Truthfully I'm actually glad it didn't, and we're still friends. Anyway... just wanted to let y'all know.
Works for me too.... either writing, facebooking, or general internetting will get me tired enough eventually...
LOL well not quite... It's a different flavor, similar but different... I think many of those qualities are in NF's in general... Honestly, I can see myself, an ENFP whom I know, and someone who I...
One of the posters above said that being vulnerable is a big time draw for us... That's part of the attraction... Me personally, I need to be needed... Or at least want to be needed... I find many...
Maybe my opinion of country music will illuminate things a bit... I HATE most country that I've heard because most of it is so darn depressing. What I don't hate is anything that's used in the music,...
With our families and/or close friends...
There is, but then if you knew what it was I'd have to kill you... :tongue:
I'll talk to anyone who talks to me, but usually I just jump into a conversation & listen until something actually sparks my interest...  But, I feel most attracted to people who are deep, like...
I keep testing as ENFP when I'm feeling spontaneous... if that helps at all...
YES! (at least I do too)...    That sounds like ENFJ to me... I usually feed off the energy already existant in the room/party/etc... I read somewhere about ENFJ's that we're the most introverted...
Thanks! I'll try to answer as best as I can... :)    Depends... My intuitions about what others feel about me are typically fuzzy & off, mostly because I tend to idealize things. However, usually...
This's not necessarily a bad thing (maybe why you're married?) It drives me crazy sometimes how people are afraid to things that are bad and come up with euphemisms that make them seem better......
You know you're an ENFJ when you do this? ^^^ (or at least you know you're NF in my opinion)... I tested as ENFP and ENTJ a couple of times, but AFAIK I'm an ENFJ...    I totally identify with...
N.... Patterns patterns patterns... there's a reason for EVERYTHING. But I'd have to say that F and E are tied for second... maybe... Definitely not J though. :P
When you have multiple people in your head that argue with each other before you make a decision, and not in a crazy psych ward way.  When you love happy endings but believe that tragedies are...
Oh I totally agree with this... but AFIAK I'm a weak J (usually) anyway.
You'll probably find some ENFJ's (at least me) being alone in a crowd or starting up a random conversation with a stranger... Also might me in a mall/coffe shop/cafe... Church is a good place too....
That's what I'd start out with, there are several different ways to be affectionate... touchy-feely things like hugs/kisses/touching etc.... Things like giving gifts, doing things together, verbal...
OH definitely... I'd go so far as to say that many of us ENFJ's could be great stalkers... we can be pretty determined & clever when we want to, but mostly it's the determination... And YES I've felt...
hahaha ok I can see _that_ now.
Am I the only one who fees a little disturbed that the elephant who's being hugged is actually receiving the Heimlich maneuver?  LOL I see your point though.
Let me jump in here...    I think that it's the combination of Fe and Ni... ENFJ's skill set is typically defined as FeNiSeTi, so with Extraverted feeling, we're able to determine best how...
Definition - Temper: a disposition to exhibit uncontrolled anger.  As an ENFJ, do you feel that you have a temper, and do you have a short or long fuse on that temper, if you do... Please explain...
I agree that the plant idea is absolutely adorable, but if she doesn't have a knack for plants (i.e. she kills them without even trying) she may appreciate the thought and effort and the gift, but...
haha I don't know  :blushed:... like,  Eye contact when we're not talking (eg. across the room, in a group, etc...  Unmerited attention...  Off hand compliments maybe brushed away with sarcasm......
Uh.... Well define aren't obvious because most of us (at least myself) are pretty darn sure that we're being completely transparent even though we are trying not to be...  Myself? Eye contact...
Oh definitely... I told you so is a favorite phrase of mine....
For the record, as an ENFJ, I find that whole scene absolutely HILARIOUS... That being said, the same thing happens to me, a dirty fork, chipped mug, whatever... I try to mention it quietly, just...
I'd agree definitely ExFJ, especially the F... She's not really silly enough to be ENFP, and probably not sensory enough to be ESFx so I'd think definitely ExFJ, probably ENFJ... but I'm an ENFJ too,...
For me (now remember I'm not a girl, so it'll prolly be a bit different) the gifts that I like the most aren't very utilitarian, but something very personal/from the heart, shows you're thinking of...
It depends....    Definitely agree here, but I'd add that... if it's someone that I'm into (whether or not I actually realize it!) it feels like I'm flirting with her even if I don't say or do...
That would certainly make me think... (I'm usually a weak J when I test, for comparison with ThirdArcade). For the immediate moment, yes, but I'd need time to sit back and put everything together and...
2w3 but almost a 7w6  if the 2 wasn't just 3% higher.
I know I'm not an ENFP but maybe this will help, because I do have a bad habit of starting projects and leaving them unended, especially music or computer programs... I do find that the ones that I...
Dunno if it's an ENFJ thing but definitely happens to me... I'll put something down and it'll just go away for a period of time without me even knowing... The longest I lost something like this was...
Some of us enfj's can be pretty hopeless romantics.'"


2353: 'I can't punch drug dealers that would put me too close to drugs. Maybe just get him to shoot me up instead... Oh fuck that'd be even worse.
When you want to blow your brains out but your country has strict gun control  #relatable
Shit. At least you're alive.
A friend who I haven't talked to in a long time messaged me, and I was wondering what she wanted from me, but she just wanted to talk, and I'm all bubbly inside. I love when people do that.
She got down on hands and knees, one ear against the ground. Hoping to hear something, but the dirt made not a sound tonight.
Ehm, you do realize we're talking about people who believe in intelligent design..
Reminder that some danish soldiers used to have the cross on their uniform meet at their heart, providing a handy target for their enemies.
Oh trust me, most people who believe in intelligent design will not arrive at that conclusion anyway. I mean, it could be used as an argument against evolution too. If evolution was REALLY real, how...
omg it really is, I didn't look at it before now.
It's a meme :)   Google activated almonds.
Don't worry, it's fine as long as they are activated.
Fuck PET.   nothing to see here, just trying to maximize the number of watchlists I'm on.  Edit: Also I wanted to say fuck PET, because fuck PET.
How dare you add wrong? You will never be a fully plated barbell at this rate.
Fuck I hate that text. Especially when marxists use it to justify anti semitism.
Master, master Where’s the dreams that I’ve been after? Master, master You promised only lies Laughter, laughter All I hear or see is laughter Laughter, laughter Laughing at my cries  Fix me
No future for me.
Same.
I have a 120 sided die. If I roll 69 homwork is to be done. If I don't, perc is to become the subject's new profession.   91.  Pack it up ladies and gents.
Now now, take it easy! Let's not be reasonable.
I've watched the 11 first episodes of Narcos the last 30 hours. Cocaine is for losers, do smack.
Ah yes, I also enjoy to put zeroes on my money account as the responsible adult I am. Now excuse me, I have to go do adult things and smoke some grasses.
u200e0000001 00000011 000000111 0000001111
You got to be number one and 40000... But I'll have my revenge. I can stay awake two days on withdrawal, and that's enough time to always be here. Always.
I know what all of you are thinking and none of you are saying... But no, you don't have a chance. I'll be number 50000. Don't even try me.
How did you quote me without actually showing my post? Well, anyway, I think my recommendation of opioid was very responsible, I could've suggested something to IV... Or worse fentanyl.
10 mg of oxycodone.
https://youtu.be/Sph8Qu8wLAk
It's a known fact that absurdism is the only school of thought that isn't swiss cheese
I can complete portal without glitches in under 25 minutes now.
Alcohol makes you an alcoholic, weed makes you psychotic, and those pills will have you IV'ing bullshit within a year.   The only thing worse would be to do nothing.
I'm just counting time.   Counting down to what? I don't know..
Okay friend, let me explain something to you since you seem to be new here. Hebephilia is NOT the same thing as pedophilIa. I'm sick and tired of you trolls popping up everywhere and spreading...
Unleashing my inner INFP.    https://youtu.be/m2hNp7yolW0
Schizophrenia is like one of those vague poetic comparisons that people who think they're deep like to make: pretty shit when everything's considered.
Let's both go to heaven in a little rowboat...
https://youtu.be/jgyhB5n2QXM
I feel sick
I'm eating noodles right now, and wish I'd choke on them, so it's good.
Yeah, imagine being enslaved by an alien species that puts us in machines that just makes us experience pleasure constantly. Is it not better to be free?
Roses are red  Life is a drag  If you narcan my ass  You owe me a bag  ~ Kurd Kobain
You're only saying that because I have more thanks than you.
I was watching tv when the towers fell. That memory stuck in my head for some reason, but I was only five.
I gave up on cold turkeying in five hours lol
Toro de Gibraltar la bodega del diablo. Deletreas fentanilo?
Ja ne govorim portugalski...
I have to be honest. I only thanked you so you get addicted to the feeling of meaningless internet points. See this as the equivalent of a dealer gifting you a bit of produce. Welcome to the worst...
Done, that's our cosa nostra
Oh, so you're the casa guy
Well, that's because they don't.
Normal dopamine levels'"


2392: 'I second  this list, but I'd switch 4 with 5.
Being single can suck, it can be lonely, and it can be sexually frustrating depending on your abilities to attain sex/company. I don't necessarily hate being single though, and I will admit that I...
I've come down with an urge towards wanderlust lately.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zVLs-kqrdo  ~EBD
My biggest fears have changed over the years but these are the constant ones I've had for the majority of my life:   1.) Spiders, damn things give me the creeps.   2.) Centipedes, too many legs...
If you mean season 8 it's already out right now and we're about 18 episodes deep with a new episode coming out tonight.
Any fans of the tv show supernatural out there in this forum ?
I'd be posting here more often too but as you have all seen, I post erratically. So don't feel self-conscious and thanks for keeping this thread alive!  My song right now:   ...
I think I can contribute to this thread.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSVR_z_H-AU   ~EBD
Thanks to niffer I will never be able to look at your posts the same way again >.> . Though I'm trying to determine if that is Nightwing or another character in your avatar.  ~EBD
I might be missing the point of the video but what I've taken away from this video is this:   1.) Don't dread being alone, be willing to live with yourself. 2.) You won't always be alone so enjoy...
Pop Evil - Monster You Made  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSSfGQU90uY   Because who I am Isn't who I used to be And I'm not invincible I'm not indestructible I'm only human
Boy, don't you worry, you'll find yourself Follow your heart and nothing else And you can do this, oh baby, if you try All that I want for you, my son, is to be satisfied  Simple man-...
I was dead set on saying it's going to be a hard time for oneshot to change this girls mind but I realized something I generally do when I'm looking at a girl, and this might be what she's doing. I...
I've been in and out of depression for the past few months, especially after my girlfriend and I broke up. I stay strong and most days are good but sometimes when I come back to my dorm room with no...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1RzSm2z2Yg  Kryptonite by 3 doors down  My theme song for today it seems.   ~EBD
I can relate to this, I still am a bit like this but I've been getting better over time. What I suggest you do is to not care as much anymore. It seems very counter intuitive to us because we are the...
I don't know what particular song I'm listening to right now per-say but, I am listening to this entire album.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hB669XXjnUg&list=FLg9MtftHFfBtDs3Nc98aTiw&index=1 ...
A friend of mine told me about the Myers Briggs personality test and I decided to take an online test, from there I did a search on my personality type and eventually found personality cafe. I joined...
I've seen this around the other type forums and thought we could have our own. SO....  WHAT SONG ARE YOU CURRENTLY LISTENING TO RIGHT NOW?!?!   Must include the author and song title but you can...
Yeah I used to be like that, well to an extent I still can be but not nearly as much as I used to be. I find we lose ourselves when we try to make others happy too much by not reacting to something...
Do you wear a mask for the outside world?  Different masks for interacting with different people?  If I'm feeling down and I'm not around my friends I'll typically put on a happy looking mask for...
I can relate to this, my favorite thing to do is to play devils advocate in an argument I find that is too one sided. I only find myself being indecisive when I try to find an absolute solution or a...
This pretty much describes me, I used to be catholic but once I actually got out into the world I became agnostic. I tend to shy away from the topic in general just because it can get a bit heated. ...
1.) The paranormal and everything related to it. 2.) Meditation, have to keep yourself balanced.  3.) Music, Music, and more Music.  4.) Psychology 5.) People or rather meeting new people,...
I've noticed two things wrong with this in the scientific world. 1.) you are making a claim on personal observation and unless you have witnessed this in every situation possible you are making a...
I like to drive aimlessly and talk with my friends or by myself just to clear my head. If I'm walking and talking it's usually both me and the other person walking and talking not just me pacing. I...
First I've got to say congrats! Now I'll get on topic!  It's not out of the realm of possibilities in my opinion. It comes down to the strength of your bond to him and his bond to you in the end....
If this topic had come up about couple of months ago I wouldn't have been able to say if I had ever been in love with confidence. But this isn't the case now so I'll start with a song that I think...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uUuNwVELyQ&feature=slpl  and this   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Kne0hWuj0U
This bands a bit of a guilty pleasure of mine but I feel this song today.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffs9s9j_jKY  ~EBD
Haven't been here in a while but I thought this song is pretty dear to an ENFJ's soul when they have a SO.   ...
you are an idealist  As an IDEALIST, you are distinctive for your integration of confidence, imagination, willingness to explore, and desire for competence over style.  You have a strong capacity...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLzOoQHAZgc  Yeah I feel almost energized by this.  ~EBD:cool:
Marry Christmas to all! I'm here to spread some  cheer for the downed and depressed, some love for the unloved, and some of my unlimited hope for those who are feeling hopeless. Today is a day of...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DvRCykzHy4  A bit conflicted, so this song suits me a lot.   ~EBD
You are not alone sir cause I have some inspiring anime scenes too, these scenes are part of the reason my avatar is what it is. :    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4m1diwdThs&feature=related...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eMaepzsxr8&feature=player_embedded  ~EBD
It's late and I'm a bit tired but maybe I can give some insight, just ask me about anything that doesn't make sense or I've worded weird.   Now I can't be sure if your friend is an ENFJ, but based...
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-Vnn6ERo6wYk/TV4YVkgU3vI/AAAAAAAAAA8/rPHtQI6fnSE/s1600/dragon_yin_yang.jpg  http://i261.photobucket.com/albums/ii79/night_sky321/BlackDragon.jpg ...
When disappearing randomly between conversations becomes one of your  things your known for when checking up on people who live in your dorm.  ~EBD
I've got a lot of these, so here I go: -music that really brings out my mood or improves it.  -my just doing the most mondane things with my  friends. -a warm shower for a cold day where you come...
marzipan01   O.o I like that yin and yang symbol and it almost looks like it has a dragon in it! It looks really cool to me right now :laughing: .  It reminds me of this sorta :  ...
I have my own blog, it's not big and I update it irregularly but here it is if anyone's interested Thoughts From The Man Who Stares At The Night Sky.   It's my own personal blog and I post whatever...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvwxfcS-CW0  I love the original song, but for some reason this song is hitting me today, and it's not because I'm in a bad mood the song just sounds cool today.  ...
What is the worst insult a person could say to you?  Somethings can effect me more than others but I've slowly just allowed them to scratch the surface now. It's more on what people do to me that...
I think I know what your talking about and really never thought of it as putting myself into a feeling zone.  I can induce a certain feeling by feeling it like you described but if I want it to...
What were the nicest things anyone has ever said to you?  I've had a lot of these, but one of the most recent ones was your a  pillar of strength and probably my favorite was The things you say ...
I feel like a strange combo of these two songs.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcPIDTHX9dE    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnD6ojjA0OA   I like the feeling but at the same time I'm kind...
ENFJ's are:   the people you call at obscure hours cause you know they'll talk with you about anything at almost anytime.   ~EBD
When your weird but in a good way becomes a common complement among new friends or when you become closer to people you've spent very little time with.   ~EBD'"


2428: 'http://youtu.be/Cisk_9uTW0o
IIN that I have fantasies of dressing in drag and licking construction equipment while jamming this out?    http://youtu.be/My2FRPA3Gf8
ridicidiculous   http://youtu.be/PtwXdKkO75E
Pipe shnoogin'
constantly shitting my pants
http://youtu.be/OJWJE0x7T4Q
http://youtu.be/vU0fYzuypXg
It's a bad day. Can't stop crying, can't drag myself out of bed. I don't know why. I hate having lost all control of my emotions. I'm not sad. I'm not scared, angry, or anything else that could bring...
Sanity. Haven't had that shit since I was five years old, but I still vaguely recall it; just enough to miss it.
http://youtu.be/3FSldJrjtdo
Asparagus mofucka. I found the thug kitchen.
http://youtu.be/3e7uhSvVpJ0
Peanut butter and honey on a tortilla.
Watching documentaries on darkdocumentaries.com
Wildstar.
I need fucking drugs.
http://roulettebig.files.wordpress.com/2009/10/russian-roulette-pics1.jpg?w=497&h=439
Goldfish crackers.
http://static.commentcamarche.net/en.kioskea.net/faq/images/KVG0TME1-wow.png First thing I think of when I hear wow and about the only time I ever use the word, sadly.
Ride the tigah!   http://youtu.be/bkysjcs5vFU
http://springrealty.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/wait-what-dog.jpg
http://youtu.be/bDbpzjbXUZI
You're gonna die.   http://youtu.be/Vr9mLP6NwnU
http://youtu.be/_0yMH7wMdVg
Had a good chat with an old friend, so I was in a good mood, until my stomach started to hurt.
Blackened salmon with green beans and potatoes in a cream sauce. I ate mother fuckin' fancy AND healthy, son! Woo hoo!
Watching ATHF. I forgot how awesome this show was.
Seeing my dad, which is really odd for me.
Winning... sorta. I'm posting on a forum at 5:45 in the morning, how much winning can I actually be doing?
http://youtu.be/so5TlXOkpHI
peanut butter on a tortilla
http://media3.onsugar.com/files/ons1/192/1922729/30_2009/skinny-cow/i/Chocolate-Truffle-Bar-Skinny-Cow.jpg
http://youtu.be/e8A9J94UWI8
http://fc03.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2012/271/f/f/rockin___by_bloochikin-d5g71hg.gif
http://youtu.be/ekED7P4Guj4
http://fc09.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2013/190/9/2/chillaxin_by_brett2dbean-d6cpa8u.jpg
As someone who suffers from BPD, it's a little disheartening to see the disown them sort of posts, but I totally understand. In fact, I don't have much to add, just wanted to commend you for...
http://youtu.be/IKBJxZf-Dgs  In all seriousness,    Would you ever consider a robot for any kind of companionship? Why or why not?  Absolutely. I suffer from Avoidant and Borderline...
https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/1336544000/h4B4F78B7/
http://funny-pics-fun.com/wp-content/uploads/pic-27.jpg
http://i.onionstatic.com/avclub/3869/76/16x9/960.jpg
Drugs, man. Drugs. Not the good kind, though: Invega, Nexium, Carvedilol, and Losartan.
Homemade enchiladas.
In high school, five million years ago now, I was actually one of the rare ones who hung out with pretty much everyone. Our lunch table was the largest in school, with people from every clique...
Before I die, I want to love and be loved.
http://youtu.be/DuDeBcpLITQ
Eating some chips, typing this, watching Cartoon Network, and trying not to move too much, because I fell in the ice and my back and tailbone are killing me.
Grindin' dem lobes.   http://youtu.be/N4cdnDHzN_Y
I can relate to being bullied and just wanting someone to care, but quite honestly unless you have a personal connection with your supervisor, I might seek out a therapist instead. Being dismissed...
Camarones a la Diabla. Best meal I've had in a long while.'"


2499: 'You described exactly what I dislike about introverted types in general, lol :P  They have other awesome things... but men, I hate when they do that.
What about Ti being responsible for that? Do you think it might be reasonable?  When I use Ni I usually end up finding myself in the opposite side, easily losing my place and not remembering what...
Maybe because when you go meet someone you can use Se to easily read the other person emotions, which gives confidence, and the fact that when you have someone in front of you you can completely...
I think maturity is what actually defines how you see introversion/extroversion in relationship with your type. I've been around just too many I's and I've been too introverted myself, so I crave...
Don't underestimate the charm of a female ENFJ, lol! Not even you would resist their smiles!!! :crazy:  On the other hand, I might be up for recording the ENFJs interaction. And I said might, I'm...
Writing, rambling forever like I don't have a care in the world, daydreaming, expressing anything with metaphors (specially when it is a feelings topic), preparing for anything and everything that...
I call Ni/Ti loop to what happens when you forget (by choice or unconsciously) about Se. You get stuck in an endless torrent of possibilities and thoughts of things that might actually happen,...
I've been in a very dark time myself some months ago, similar to that your friend is living, and I can say that listening to the instructors of RSD has definitely changed my life for good. They...
I think it is human nature to feel kind of broken after a relationship ends, specially if it did because we fucked up and we know it. I don't think that fact changes due to types, so I believe that...
Approach a thousand random strangers every day. Statistics say that 25 to 50 of them will be ENFJs (2,5 to 5%) ;) ;) :P  Now, don't take my comment exactly as a joke. There is a lot of sense in...
I don't get tired of leading because I almost always choose (key word) to lead. But I do like having a co-leader, or a confidant, to talk about my leadership decisions. It makes the whole leadership...
Cuteness, cuteness everywhere! The deep Ni side of INFJs absolutely fascinates me.
Haven't been around PerC for a while. Figured I could also post a recent pic. I'm the guy in the red t-shirt. 84099
I would award myself a 9 when I first found this forum. I would say I'm pretty close to a 3 as of today, after a year of emotional struggle and extensive Se exploration.  I would confidently say...
I'm currently exploring this myself.  The way I've managed to become independent (mostly, still working on it) from external validation is easy to understand: 1. You could like something. - It...
Interesting thread, idd :)  1.) How old are you? 29  2.) How important is relationship (a partner) currently for you? I would like to have a partner, but I like to be alone just as much atm. ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAo5kjVDe_8
I feel so good listening to this song. So chill and happy :)   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tI2LwQGZTDA  I'll meet my Julia somewhere out there in the city, like the lyrics say :)
I've been struggling a bit with some stuff lately and I believe most of it has to do with me fighting against vulnerability. Thank you for sharing the video. You helped me a lot with it.
Lesson learned: Don't be afraid to hop out of the train you are currently in, even if it hurts, or you might very well lose the train you were actually looking for.  Without metaphor: Don't be...
I've found that lately songs speak more about my feelings than myself. Funny how things go. Not so many months ago I was so desperate for finding someone to talk to, and now I don't even need to...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCwjV39s3WU
Today I just wish PerC was a place IRL to go to. I need to meet intelligent and introspective people so badly.
Quoting myself because I was so wrong...  Once INFJs trust you enough, they will be more than capable to handle that clinginess. For them, just like for us, just like several people said in their...
That would depend on how much I trusted the idea and how much I wanted his love / to be loved. I think it would be directly bound to that. This answer is too big picture oriented... but I can't...
First feeling that would hit me would be flatter. It would boost my confidence because it would mean I have value, because someone values me. But seconds after that I would start to focus on the...
1. Nope, not in our book :P  We need to be feel that the chances of our theories being true are at least as high as 90%+. Is there any evidence of several theories being possible? Then we get stuck...
.
He basically lacks self-confidence. Something is dragging him down and that's why he cannot see that he is not responsible for that.  When I felt that way I really really needed my partner to tell...
This song is instrumental, but it expresses SO well how I feel.  For me, this song expresses loneliness, sadness, pain, anxiety... I feel empty, and there is no song that expresses emptiness...
The Four Stages of Trust I read this article about trust not long ago. It's not the best in the world, but it helped me organize my mind regarding trust. I hope it helps.  As a personal opinion,...
I gotta buy a webcam and do some videos. I've been planing on doing it since I saw this thread :P  I personally don't like southern US accents that much, dunno why. My favorite accent is Scottish...
I love your accent :)
I would rather bear that burden than feeling this loneliness I feel, this feeling that nobody needs me. I can grow strong enough to bear any burden... but I will never be strong enough to handle...
I didn't mean you look old :P You look super classy and that expression made me think about a cute granny. Don't ask me why because I don't know, hehe :P  I agree with iamken :)
@Usernamefoundyeyme @Adasta  We were talking about this in another thread, but I think it is too dense and we could use another thread to talk about it. You can read the first part of the...
I think it's not that Fi bores me, but rather that it makes something cringe inside me. Tailoring everything to individual personal needs is too much trouble and it's not worth the hassle (for me,...
You will be a cute granny, hehe :D
I guess the reticence itself is natural for all human beings then (or at least it sounds like it).  From what you say, I think I could have much less of a problem opening up first than you would...
If you tell an ENFJ about the things you really love and that person is interested in you he WILL love it and genuinely appreciate you for it, specially if he is feeling lonely and lacks connection...
You don't have to take your words back. Your intention just got lost in translation. No body language leads to a lot of misunderstandings, that's all. Considering it was a joke, no feelings are...
I was insulted reading it too. Assume whatever the hell you want and that's what you will think of us and of anybody.  You seem like you are going to understand this terms, so I will use them...
Weakness sounds a lot more reasonable, you are right. I was depressed, therefore I was weak and couldn't control my Fe properly. Was it meant to be or not is irrelevant. It just didn't work, even if...
What about that level of empathy when you are down and you go even deeper because your empathy floods you with your partner's bad feelings? I believe that's immaturity, I don't know.  She was an...
I feel like I should be able to pour happiness to other people even if I'm feeling real bad, like it was my responsibility because of the way I am. I guess it's all about the guilt I feel about my...
If I ask that I'm trying to understand the shape of their emotions.  Whenever I ask about a person I'm always trying to find out what makes them tick at the deepest possible level.  I can see...
I scored 63.  I think that whenever I'm feeling really bad myself I tend to be oblivious to other people feelings. Does this happen to anyone else?
There is a lesson that I had to learn the hard way. I used to believe that potential value equals real value. I can't even express how wrong that is...  I used to idealize anyone who had potential...
You pretty much described my ideal friendship with a girl. I wish I can find a girl who understands that part of myself and doesn't think I'm trying to hit on her just because I'm being more...
I mean those moments when you had too much extroversion and you need to stop to think for a moment before going on because you believe something is off. That's my Ni way of expressing it, so it might...'"


2535: 'You found out someone was cloning you and selling copies for $500 a piece?  I would find the person responsible, force them to hand me over a number of clones and then I'd strike a business deal...
Hmmm It'd probably be the result of them overreacting to something I'd said to them so I wouldn't take it to seriously and it might even make me smirk as conflict sometimes does to me. However if it...
Also I'd be very strict about certain social structures such as health and education. In order to avoid more negatitive aspects developing consistently for humanity I'd heavily support education and...
Personally I think my main inspiration would be that of Napoleon Bonaparte but beyond that let's see. Hmmm I think, drawing from my day dreams of wanting to be an ethereal but powerful...
I'm afraid I may have unknowingly decieved you all and myself, after a bit of introspection as well as looking into Jung's type descriptions and the like, it seems that I've found that there to be a...
The human mind is very malleable by nature with an innate need for adaptation. Nature itself seems to be constantly shifting, take forests for example. Although it may seem to us that the trees are...
Oh no I don't think I'm better than everyone that doesn't make sense, for me its more like just a need to be in control and sometimes be the center of the group. I gennerally go by how much I respect...
Maybe I am not an ENFP for I myself rather enjoy competing for the top throne among others unless of course it is a role or subject I don't have interest in, in that case I'm apathetic but otherwise...
I agree and have felt similiar experiences and thoughts myself as well. I enjoy the idea that we are all islands in a sense interconnected by a massive ocean, we are seperate people seemingly but...
I commend you on posting this as I have had very similiar thoughts. I myself am a Type 8 on the Enneagram, I know this not just from taking the test but from introspection, self analysis and simply...
When it comes to people or situations its more of the aggresive fight response. I've never been in a dangerous situation with a wild animal but I'd imagine I'd flight in that case unless I had...
Lion   The lion personality has the unmistakable presence of nobility. Moving with the unruffled calm of a cat and the dignified gait of someone in command, lions have no need to walk or talk...
I know very little about them and thus I can rely only on personal experience. From this I can tell you that I find I respect their inventive and mechanical cabapilities very well. I haven't gotten...
2194221941219402193921938 http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/AnimatedArena/misc/pencil.png
I am not truly sure if I am an ENFP after a bit of introspection I've been exploring the possibility that I am in fact an ENTJ instead (that is a conversation for another thread though) however I...
I to am guilty of this. During debate I tend to be or think that I am more intelligent or at least logical then most even my close friends as we often debate, however I know when to admit that...
I can't really seem to identify any sort of feelings I have for her one way or another, my heart does not go out to her nor do I feel the need to loathe her for simply existing. As a musician on the...
Here's your link me droog old chap:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gg1AwB7sMo
I suppose mostly I'd be considered in the 8 or 9 register by those around me and not just friends of course and I think that is mostly due to my mindset, you look how you feel of course and so when...
Wow this guy reminds me of myself when I'm angry. These London riots give anarchy a bad name as if it can only be chaos and destruction. I don't really feel like getting into a political mood right...
I understand the onfusion between ENFPs and ENTPs, often they will strive for and accomplish similiar goals but their motivation and purpose for doing so is the major differiental factor. There seems...
Haha yes to some extent I find I do the same and sometimes with people I barely even know not just friends. I don't know why but imagining what someone may become or trying to feel where they're...
In response the magority of people constantly connecting the ENFP personality type to the 7 personality type I decided to list different possibilities of ENFP variations as I'm tired of the concept...
I like the way you think :P To me a true leader is not someone who takes his role to attain power and control only for themself but someone who uses their influence and position to inspire others to...
When it comes to the whole pride topic I suppose I the way I consider it the reason I am prideful or glad about my type is not because I think it is the best type of all objectively but because it is...
Very well put and I agree wholeheartedly except for the not wanting to be in control part. I concur with the independence and avoiding being controlled but for me personally I like to be in control...
True, I just tried to keep more of a main idea of ENFP so that more people could relate to it as saying personally acted and thought wouldn't be as general ENFP as I was trying to keep it. I agree...
Well I thought I might list some reasons as to why I think it is great to be an ENFP. So here we go:   - Ne as our primary function grants us the ability to percieve a myriad of oppurtunities and...
Also there would be no need for money or any currency and whatever possessions you so desired you would attain. There would be weekly festivals where people gathered together (yet somehow it wouldn't...
My ideal Promise Land would consist of a vast and varied land in which there would be vast rolling green hills, forests that seem to flow with enchantment, powerful snowy mountains extending to the...
Also with women I like if they have an intimidating presence about them. Like some guys say if a girl intimidates you you should just put yourself in the mindset of she is just another fish in the...
I seem to be most attracted to NT women actually. I like girls who are strong and independent (to an extent, not ones who aren't willing to ever be with anyone), they have to have smarts and ambition...
I am often called clumsy and have never been very good in sports, at least the ones mandatory in gym class, that doesn't mean I'm not physically fit in fact I exercise often. When not engaging in a...
My posts have been sincere both times. I often change my emotions and how I function. I act the second way when I feel emotionally worn or stressed out completely which is often msot of the time I do...
I was angry that I didn't have control over the situation I felt weak thats why I struck back. Thats why it is 8.
Oppessive forces or people  Government People trying to control me Someone else being in a leadership position when I can think of ways to get around the problems stumping them Not having control...
I have a desire for respect, that's how I work gennerally is I must respect someone if I'm going to befriend them. I suppose that could be said as being a desire to be liked but I only desire to be...
I know this to be true from personal experience as for example the other day I was extremely worried about something and I couldn't stand being in a public place and with family with all the axiety...
This is very true for me thank you for posting this. I used to think I was a Type 7w8 though it always seemed like something was off and then I looked into both Type descriptions more and took the...
What else would you base your information on his personality on besides the Bible that doesn't provide a similiar lack of solid information though? I don't like looking for details very much but when...
I like your ENTJ description because I like and value/favor ENTJs. However I must say it seems a tad bit biased my friend, like for example some types are described as lazy or likely to drop out and...
I agree with the rest of what you said here but you can't type based on soley on behavior, that is redundant because every type can do the same actions but for different purposes and in certain ways....
I also sometimes like to imagine being this non physical divinity of sorts that would allow me to be with every living person at the same time at will and know their thoughts, feelings and past and...
A great majority of my daydreams are similiar to your own :crazy: For me along with author/writer I would add actor and singer. I also like to imagine leading or taking part in a glorious revolution...
I've never met a lazy ENFP or ENTP most seem to be very driven and as for the changing partners you just need to find the right one and continue to impress and love them, seems simple enough. Its...
I think this theory makes sense and personally agree as I have had similiar results as others have posted. Ne lets all the possibilties flow and gives you the gut feeling of what is the right path...
Fi users like INFPs or ENFPs or the like may only by loyal and trustworthy if you gain their respect and true friendship as I myself am mostly only loyal to myself, my ideals and very close friends...
I think an MBTI class based RPG would be great. Your cognitive function layout could translate into abilities as I described above and when you dropped to low health you could transform into your...
Impersonal to you yes but Fi and Fe alike are used and manifested differently by each person. Germany at the time was suffering from the aftershock of World War I and volatile conditions can easily...
ENTJ, that way I would be more directly commanding and wouldn't care as much for the affects my choices had on others and simply make progress a great deal faster. Even though it gets me into trouble...'"


2538: 'Real Housewives of Potomac  Love and Hip Hop Atlanta  Growing up Hip Hop Atlanta  Big Brother UK (starts Monday)  Basketball Wives  Money Power Respect  How to Get Away with murder  Scandal
Please change my name to Fenty
ISxP very creative in their personal style and ability to replicate beauty e.g. drawing, makeup, fashion. ENxP very creative minds in terms of ideas, solutions, and possibilities. IxFJ tend to be...
INFJ and ISFJ, due to their Fe aux
Lol, they're such thinker questions to ask about emotions.
*waits for my wine to arrive in a golden personalised glass*
I've always thought learning for the sake of learning is an ExTx or ExFP (due to Te tertiary) trait. In my experience i'm curious about loads of things and i'll start doing research, but after a few...
*waits for someone to take my fur jacket to the cloakroom and escort me to my seat*
I'm being dead serious, Fe users just agree with the Fi user so they shut up, but deep down they really don't care about social justice warrior rubbish. Fe is about creating positive environments and...
Every single Fi user, Fe users don't really care about that stuff.
ENFP   Talking in class  Eating in class  Back chat  Mastermind behind all the mischief
The tea has been spilled !   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0A62YIx2Pc
Yeah, its not surprising, Fi Dom's tend to be very judgemental, their personal ethics tend to be the basis for everything they do and stand up for, it's like a criteria they use to understand and...
The ability to truly take care of themselves and know what to do in the real world regarding common sense and the lack of knowing how to regulate their strength and will power towards people and...
Maybe they're ESFPs
Socionics IEI or INFp is MBTI INFJ
Oh OK, Fi or Fe ?
Hm, I was thinking the same thing, however someone thought this was related to LSI behaviour , what do you think of that ?
I'll have to deny that fact that this is just processing every human uses because a prime example is my dad, he literally doesn't see this kind of stuff, if I was to present this scenario to him...
Yes, i would like to know your reasoning.
it isnt, becasue my dad for example completely bypasses such types of information, stuff like that has no relevance to him.
Lol, how did you come to that conclusion
So recently i've watched myself carefully to produce an example of what i think is a function, but the trouble is i don't know function it is.  Scenario 1  Backstory.  I had a neighbour called...
So recently i've watched myself carefully to produce an example of what i think is a function, but the trouble is i don't know function it is.  Scenario 1  Backstory.  I had a neighbour called...
isfj
Anyone ...:rolleyes:
estp
So basically tests are no good, therefore i'm doing something a little different. I decide to get descriptions from wikisocion and talk about how i relate to the functions.  **Coloured paragraphs...
I'll be back in a few weeks.
Intj
Intj
Isfp
Istj  Sent from my XT1032 using Tapatalk
Istp  Sent from my XT1032 using Tapatalk
Isfj
estj
Intp  Sent from my XT1032 using Tapatalk
Work work work work work, you see mi haffi work work work work work, lol yeah Rihanna- work.
Strangely, even betrayal could slide over my head, don't get me wrong, me and the person wouldn't be besties, but I know for a fact I wouldn't care after a few days, I'll just think whatever, it...
WOW, that's really different, whenever i show snappy or sarcastic behaviour that's because i'm over it. The point you made about holding grudges is interesting, i could never hold a grudge for that...
isfp
***I apologise for any spelling errors and what not in advance, no matter how many times i proof-read something, there always seems to be something wrong, so annoying :rolleyes:*** Hello everybody,...
enfp
You'll be missed. [emoji12]
Hmm, interesting  Amazon seems to be the popular thing in this generation, I might go and try it out myself.
LOL, I've seen a vivid example.    Wow, that's really good. This has actually made me realise I don't use the internet to the full capacity.lol.  How your project going ?
Did this topic hit a very sensitive nerve or... Your replies give me the impression you're aggravated, any reason why ?
Hm, so basically if I want a certain reaction, I know exactly what to say. Once my dad annoyed me, and the best way to get back to him was using my mum, because she's got a very dangerous temper , so...
AW, thanks.  Infp
Intp'"


2612: 'http://www.wisdomhousebooks.com/smiling_buddha_paid.iStock_000002111209XSmall.jpg:laughing:
Hey welcome to the forum fellow ENFJ
i have the power of persuasion.
hmmm yeah you pretty much just described what i think about all the time. Im hyper analytical to its fullest extent. im studying social psychology because im infinitely curious about like said...
Ok...so im fully aware of my power of persuasion. I was aware of it even before i knew i was and ENFJ  or had heard the name Carl Jung. Im aware that my means are passive aggressiveness. I honestly...
Well I was recently wondering about what you posted mainly because I go through that all the time. I believe these behavioral changes occur due to my surroundings and the people around me. I just...
I can completely relate to your posting. To be honest I believe sometimes Im more aware of what people are feeling around me than of myself. oh and if you feel cosmic powers are trying to tell you...
Ha i found it strange it took me a while to really think of something that just drives me crazy. My conclusion was people who think they are better than everyone else. That and Sarah...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQVeaIHWWck
those are all really awesome tats man. i would like to see you draw a turtle in the style of your art
Ha! Mutton you pretty much just described me. Its just so easy to be biased about anything. Its easy to get see the polar opposites t about something because those are the clear definitions. When a...
Indeed. So do you have a favorite philosopher yet?
Nice to see another ENFJ noobie like myself join the site who is also interested in the same things. Hope we can share some good ideas
Well the odds of you wearing a color nobody else does are pretty close to none, but maybe you should try something with like yellowish and black?
ha i guess the name is serving its purpose then.:tongue:
thank you thank you.:laughing:
hello newbie, fellow newbie here:-) This is a really great site hope you benefit others and from others:laughing:
I have to comment on this simply because this is something I was feeling yesterday with my family. I was feeling that although I am looking out for them and trying to do right by them in a way I am ...
Hello everyone:happy: .Im new to the site and curious as to what ideas are floating around and curious about the people imagining them. Open to anything that sparks any from of thought.'"


2614: 'Have any of you ever been depressed? How would one help an ENTJ cope with depression? How would an ENTJ get out of it?
As above :kitteh:
Loving dat use of Megara everywhere.
I've been stressed enough recently to go into shadow ISTP mode, which actually feels pretty cool, in a weird way. And oddly empowering as a woman with one of the most stereotypically female...
That is, your unhealthy state?
LADIES CAN WEAR FEDORAS AND HAVE SWAG TOO      :wink:
Istj
Infj
This is me.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUVOgPzXm7g
Istp
Intj
I'm good, thanks! It's freezing here too, brrr :frustrating: Looking forward to the holidays, though! Hope you manage to find the balance you're looking for. I always find this time of year pretty...
I'd love to be in Dauntless, but I'm not an ENFP and even so I definitely think more than one appeals to me too :happy:  Also, good to see you again too! *seconds ai.tran* How is everything? :D
Oh, right. Best of luck with prepping :)  I gotta go and cook dinner, was good talking to you though :kitteh: *virtual Fe high five*
Thanksgiving sounds like fun! We don't have that over in the UK :S Are finals just before Christmas? (Exams/coursework tend to be after them here).
I'm good, thanks :) Just trying to finish some work off before Christmas. Yourself?
Laughing too hard at that gif. :laughing:  I'm sure you will too :)  http://cdn01.cdnwp.celebuzz.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/14/request-five.gif
Fe is the best :P  http://stream1.gifsoup.com/webroot/animatedgifs1/1416886_o.gif  If I knew an ENFJ Christian girl I'd send her your way :( /willkeepaneyeoutforyou
The Fe is strong right now.  :sad: :sad: :sad: :sad: :sad:
Why can't you see it? :( It was the perfect response.  Blindly countering may not be wise... *ebil laugh*
http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/If-I-Could-I-Would-Sheldon-Big-Bang-Theory.gif
Being a hipster seems like more of a Fi than Fe thing to me, could be wrong though.  A lot of the hipsters I know are ISFPs, ties in with often being very into art too :)  Thoughts?
ENFJs don't bite :p
Quickly - 2 is Se, 5 is P, so is 6. 7 is Fi :)  Not sure about E/I but you should be able to figure that one out?
I'd say you sound more like an ESFP :)
http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111231151555/glee/images/4/46/Kurt_%26_Rachel_Hug.gif  All the hugs for you :D :happy:
You're welcome :D
this   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdjY6oy4Y2c
Not really. Do you think that would help?  Sorry, should have explained - we're not together, never were :laughing: I just have a massive crush on this ENFP guy I know, who I also know is not a...
I'm trying to keep busy, yeah, and I've actually been so busy with work I haven't seen him much of late. He's just very hard to forget about, though, even when I am doing other things. It's annoying...
http://i.imgur.com/DOqLXrt.gif
How do you get over someone who you know is not right for you? (too flirty with loads of other people, does drugs, not many shared interests etc.)
How do you get over someone who you know is not right for you? (too flirty with loads of other people, does drugs etc.)
Cheers man. I won't chase him, then :P. Do you also wait till you can spot signs of interest in a girl before you show any interest yourself? As in, you won't chase/flirt with a girl you like without...
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbqx0dvNq41r5lsho.gif
ENFJ here but  http://cdn1.smosh.com/sites/default/files/ftpuploads/bloguploads/0413/epic-hugs-monsters-inc.gif
Thanks :) I'll keep an eye out for the latter in the guy I like lol.  What kind of signs would you take as someone being attracted to you? As an ENFJ old school girl I don't really like to...
Thanks! :) So it's kind of on purpose, then?   Stick around in a friend sense? (ENFP male friend; trying to deduce if he likes me; as an ENFJ, defo not asking outright :laughing:)
Would you (especially the guys on here) say that you flirt with everyone? If so, do you do it on purpose or is it more of an unconscious kind of thing? How can you tell when an ENFP is flirting...
Thanks, guys - sorry for the late replies, I had a busy weekend and couldn't come on here. Basically, I was out and about on Friday when some guy harassed me, but thankfully I've spoken to the police...
(1) When would you say it's better to be single than in a relationship?  (2) As an ENXJ, do you find that you plan the future (including what kind of partner you want) a lot, and have high...
http://24.media.tumblr.com/711d6ed78cda5f88cdebf49a391b3a83/tumblr_mssdnaaLqC1shm9rjo1_500.gif
Thanks, will do :)
Worst day ever :sad: Can't tell those I know about this, wish I had someone to talk to.
I haven't known many INTPs, but (at least for me), among all the types, the INTPs and INTJs I've known have seemed the most similar (between any two types where there's just one letter of difference...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_0-exnTNAs
http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view5/3515890/black-men-reacting-o.gif
Any thoughts on ENFP guy/ENFJ girl? :tongue:  And yep, used to know an ESTP guy I really liked...
Yeah, James Franco seems like an ENTP to me, actually :) That video was hilarious lol  It's quite nice, yep, nothing on SF though IMO :laughing:  Nice song! Very thoughtful and deep :happy:  I...
Really? I thought that kind of humour was a Ne thing (one of my best friends is ENTP and he's the biggest troll you ever knew - still trying to get the super glue off my rucksack lol). I'm not very...'"


2661: O_o...... I dont even
Samhain  This is actually kind of true, at the time of the interview I did know what the cognitive functions were and how they were responsible for everything, however I was still coming to grips...
yes it is, which is why Im thankful for duel citizenship
How do you handle alcohol?  Depends, I find that my body is very tempromental to what Ive had to eat befor hand. Somenights I can go non-stop, others will end early after 1 or two drinks.    Is...
When you know you leave really good first impressions on people, usually because of how open and caring you appear to be, however following that you begin to worry that whilst yes you left a good...
Prog rock and a sappy love story to read in bed
I need to be moving in order to think, so usually I go for a walk, sometimes with others, sometimes not. I have no idea what that means though.
Ok well heres how I see it, we have a more introverted thought process for an extroverted personality, yet I think there are many ways to express it.  Still following the above listed patteren. ...
I love rebels, yet as for myself, well not usually however when I do act out (most recent example pretending to not speak English to annoy this rude person at a farmers market, its very harmless. ...
Right-O well at least I know for myself when I hit up a vacation I like to have everything planned upfront. I like to try and set myself up to experience as much as possible, and get nervous if I...
Craziness I was having a discussion with my relatives about eye contact today and pretty much explained this verbatim to them...  I just find it easier this way and if it helps me be articulate...
ohhh eye contact...... I find it funny when people point out how bad I am at maintaining eye contact, never thought of it as an ENFJ thing however yea that does kinda make sense. I find it easier to...
ha ha awesome, I do feel kinda bad about how I shotgunned like the entire thing without really realizing it until 2 minutes after the video ended... still was a lot of fun and yea good to hear...
Well this happened and was looking for some feedback, do you think I represented the ENFJ well, if so why, and if not why not?
Actually yes Mr ENTJ is by far the one who puts in the most effort to make the house look clean, by far far far, yet he isnt pushy on the others, that was actually an INTJ who used to live in the...
1. Princess Monokie  2.How to train your Dragon 3. Black Dynamite 4. Friday Night Lights 5. Serenity
wow, I wasnt expecting results like this at all.....  Its probably because Im a little jaded but 3/4 of the relationships Ive been in involved my SO cheating on me so yea, I could never cheat even...
Ive found its always easiest for me to learn something though discussion, either by myself re-enforcing facts through teaching. Or in a group environment where as, well a group we collaborate and...
well i wouldn't call my room a pigsty, more organized chaos, it looks like a mess to everyone but me. As for my own dishes, Id say I do them right away 90% of the time, and the other 10% its because...
so watched the first vid, some interesting thoughts in terms of body language..... Ill look at you when your speaking but then break eye contact to procsess the information....  I think that...
at 12:48 in the first vid I meant ENTJ and ENTP..... ughhh sorry
ok this is getting kinda creepy but yea purple
Solar Storm   this might be helpfull   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bn_ME622T_M
that was a typo, I meant INFJ, and I thought he was an ENFJ.... and yes hes INFJ
Ok then yea you probably are an INFP, letting your Fi juristic your Ne as opposed to the ENFP who would be the inverse. Honestly Im surprised more developed Introverted Fe's dont sometimes feel that...
ughhh that's creepy more then anything, pet names are more more for couples and the bestest of friends   anyways another to add, I become peeved at myself whenever I mentally shut down due to...
I probably could have responded to this better instead of three posts :p next time,  anyways one of my best friends was an INFJ and yea at first I thought he was an extravert just because of how he...
well how does your thought process work? are you someone who goes out into the world willing to explore things and interact with people that you already know and enjoy? or would you rather go out...
Im thinking that's largely because your more developed in your introverted feeling and extroverted intuition. Yes its probably good for you to be out their and throwing yourself into all sorts of...
what is punk? Their are two definitions, one is an ideology and the other is a preteen who thinks he knows everything and acts accordingly  who is punk? anyone who is willing to challenge the...
Righty ways to make me mad include  *Unjust or unwarranted criticism *Not listening to me in situations where I know I am right *Acting unnecessarily selfish about anything  I will also have to...
Praise is my main motivator, if someone tells me Im good at something, you bet Im going to work on exactly what it is Im good at, untill I become perfect at it. Similarly if someone is overtly...
I believe it does a bit. Unless Im still not entirely grasping it, shouldn't the extroverted feelers (ESFJ/ENFJ) have a higher chance of being more overtly sensitive. Thats how I perceive it at...
You avatar doesn't have enough ponies
Ok I found like I related to all of these :p
Ohhh boy can I relate to this one, however except for the type 6, Im a type 3w4 which makes things at time very crazy. Lots of times I feel if I dont act perfectly, there is something wrong with me...
I stole mine from a song but still  Its how we survive, that what makes us who we are.
When people dont respect my own values, beliefs and traditions, no matter how strong or minor. If I do something, I probably did it for a reason so when you immediately counter-act my action, it can...
My favorite book as well, also there is a movie comming
When you can almost bring yourself to tears by creating an improvised story in your head based off of a prog-rock song.
yes Im still alive and keen although it may have to wait a bit longer, have a final exam this week followed by a trip to the states. Once Im in the states it may actually be easier because of...
Retriever seems to be the closest
Wow I need to get into one of these crowds, I live with team INTJ/INTP.  the only other extravert I really hang out with is an ENTJ.
Ok well, Im extroverted as all hell however yea there are times when Id rather stay home and chill to some music and internet  instead of hanging with people, similarly my desk is a disaster area....
^ why Im fearful to be a parent, just the thought of my imaginary kid getting into any kind of danger whatsoever scares the hell out of me.... over protective dad FTL
Are you sensitive? Depends on my mental state however most of the time yes, frustratingly so, my feelings can get hurt quite easily by people who act out in mean or hurtful ways in unjustifiable...
I have yet to actually meet another ENFJ or INFJ, recently did a table of all my friends and yea, those two were missing.... Id love to meet more ENFJ's in person but I hang with crowd Introvert...
Jeez, well when Im not online, Ill be at local ska or punk shows, board game meetings, football games, playing football at the park, surfing, swimming, anything water really, epic bike ride...
I feel the same way about this, I have the J mindset, and whilst I maintain that mindset on all things social, and material, I feel when it comes to things such as Uni work i go down hill. I will...
Ok this idea was shamelessly stolen from the ENTP thread but still between that and Jawz thread its gotten me a thinkin.  Personally It would be how much I feel that im more an EXFX and the others..."


2689: 'What are your feelings on the matter?  :p[/QUOTE]  I'm not sure if there's a difference, I guess. Or if one is really all that bad.
How do you know whether you've matured and have control over your emotions, or whether you've sufficiently dulled them?
I adore this! Words of wisdom she speaks.
This is interesting now. If I understand correctly, it's not that you're asking if ENFJs are prone to trauma, but if they have trouble letting go of it and allowing themselves to heal and move on. I...
Hiya. How's everyone doing??
I should really stop getting my hopes up.
I usually raid this thread with all my negative feelings. But today, I'm doing pretty okay. Hating my monotonous job responsibilities for today, but it's not getting to me. All is well at this moment...
@john.thomas Along the lines of what @Senshu_Ben_Gone is saying, don't limit yourself. I always thought of myself as the supporter in social situations, but in reality, I don't like it there. I want...
@EminentFate My statement wasn't meant as an attack either FYI. I comment on a lot of posts so I didn't know I'd responded to one of yours before. I have a pretty strong belief that people (I'm not...
Ah but we should be careful not to hide behind our type. Not to say that we don't all wear masks at some point, I just don't think there's one ENFJ mask.
Um, I shouldn't be feeling like this on a daily basis. It should not be something I come to expect every day between 8-10 pm.
Well change terrifies me sometimes but I also crave it and stagnancy also terrifies me sooo yes. Yes I think I will!
The only constant is change.
Yeah it's nothing new. So I've got the time thing covered but that patience thing I'm not so good at. My fear is that now it's kind of permanent. I need something to shake me up.
I guess I just feel really trapped with my life. Nothing seems to really go the way I want it to, and I don't feel equipped to do anything about it. Self-fulfilling prophecy, I know. What I don't...
Lol I didn't need your response to be anything, other than genuine and honest. I don't need your response to be shaped by what you think my needs are (although I know I do the same thing all the time...
Walking helps because you use both sides of your brain (to control both feet) so whatever ruminating thoughts you have get broken up because those nerve firings are now being redirected and...
Do you get it often? If I can ask...
Ahh. Except it's not located to a sphere, it's just spreading. I'm sure it'll pass. Right?
Other spheres of discontent? What was my current one?
As an aside, while the pain is becoming less poignant it's becoming more broad? I don't know how to explain it. Is that just a phase?
Oh, sorry about that. The drama had died down by that point and I didn't really want to talk about it any more. Thanks for the support though.
Yeah it's okay. I did what I needed to do. I found a distraction. My friends weren't that much of a help. Nobody really checked in on me after the initial oh are you okay?? So someone from okc...
Maybe it's time to identify some of those hopes and dreams and go for it. There's no reason not to shoot for the stars; being a little foolish and shooting towards those dreams is what keeps us going.
Do any of you associate sharing feelings with intimacy? It feels so wrong to share my feelings with someone I don't know all that well. It almost bastardizes and takes away it's significance to me....
Thanks, all. I just have limited coping skills. I'm right now terrified of being lonely - that's my biggest concern. I'm realizing how much time I devoted to him and I feel like that empty time is a...
I'm afraid that I'm going to lose a lot of joy and happiness for things that I shared with him. I have a tendency to associate things with a person, so once the person is gone, the feeling for things...
Nope. ENTJ or something. He's not inconsistent though, which is why this is so weird. Something's going on. And I dunno, I always see 2 sides of the story, so I know why he might be acting this way....
I just don't get how someone can one day be talking about what birthday present they want to get me, and then the next week ignore me completely. This wasn't a short term thing. It had its issues,...
Oh but it's not a choice. I'm not talking about vulnerability with another person. I'm talking about the inability to hold up emotionally. Everything affects me.
I wish I was stronger and tougher. But I'm just this sensitive thing that doesn't fit in with who I want to be.
Seeker, you are so damn nice. I just want you to know I respect and appreciate that in you.   As for my post, I was more introspecting. Was just something I noticed in myself. I can say oh I'll be...
Call me masochistic but I totally have a thing for ENTJs.
I think there's something wrong with me. I thought that it was just situational but it seems to follow me in a number of situations. It's not debilitating but it affects me. I also thought that it...
In one of my classes we took the official MBTI and we were discussing the value of testing and what the pros and cons were. And I mentioned a con that it can be affected by our mental state so we...
To answer your question though niffer , yes. I've had that experience a number of times and it's hard to know when you're over-emotionally burdening someone, or when they just aren't the right fit...
I think that as feeling types, our emotions are quite strong, and if we're not comfortable with them or we weren't taught how to express them properly, they become kind of frightening and it feels...
All of the above. Hold it back in public. Emotional sniveling mess. NOT graceful. I try to hold it back because I know it'll be all over once I let it go.   Movies, moving articles, TED talks,...
webnek you are handy! That looks awesome though. I also love those mirrors.
Definitely Seeker . Repression and suppression is just nonsense. It's useless and it pissed me off that my dad would do that to me. To him, he still thinks it was a worthy cause, but I just think...
Mmm I hate that. Anything you want to talk through?
Agree with pretty much all of the above.   But to be honest I didn't read all of it lol so apologies if I repeat.   I (we?) have been trained to not express ourselves or for whatever reason we...
I am SOOO sick of not being able to actually live in my damn apartment.
Murphy's Law wtf plz gtfo of my lifeeee 4eva.   Seriously though, it does get tiring...
Eggsies   doyly?
I never live in black and white, and I probably should a bit more. Glad it worked out though. I think each individual friendship is what you make it. Some have different flavors and as long as you...
Good luck!  ps why would they be out of the building by 9 am?
Synchronous?
Darth Alpha How do you view the ENTJ-ENFJ dynamic?
Agree with so much of this. Pretty much all of it. It totally depends on the nature of the debate and the person I'm debating. I need to feel listened to and understood. Online debates are extremely...'"


2701: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6PYn-0XrgQ
thank you for the song =) I can definitely relate to it, especially fairly recently. I would like to share this song with you all because I think it's healthier for the mind and I just rediscovered...
I just listened to this song and loved it... and I think you all will too =)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAwt_JYtY-w
He could be an ENFJ, however the boundaries are hard to define(like you said) because of his trauma issues. I'm working with my own too and there are some habits that need to be changed of course but...
Also followed
@berochdalbanan I believe I'm also a enneagram 4 with a 5 wing as I can relate to the description of it.
He just told me I should exercise and didn't provide other additional therapy resources. :dry: Fortunately, my homeowner's son talked to me and was helpful in being there to listen and provide some...
Right, I meant that I have been clinically diagnosed as being depressed. For me, I've been going on this for a while now and I should have explained myself better. I've been on Zoloft and my recent...
As an ENFJ who's currently depressed, I've been on SSRIs for about a week now and I have to say I don't think it's helping for me personally. I just can't get myself to do any work recently and...
Well I can say I've been depressed and am battling with it and my lack of focus.. It's pushed me to what I think is an INFJ/P mode. :dry: Today's been a bummer, I couldn't sleep last night and got a...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8apP990klK0
free MBTI mugs! http://people.cpp.com/getsocialedu.html
I used to run all the time and love it. I'm getting back to it now and will be trying to run at least more than 2 miles 4 times a week.
85302
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnQFNgIw_Ww  Here's to making your reality better everyday.  I got a ticket yesterday and I'm not letting it bother me today :crazy:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSaDElz7wSI  Anyone here fans of Breaking Bad?
I need to get one of those, so I could fill it with the two 12 packs of organic soy milk I just got for the school year from Costco :cool:   I guess I'm back on the forum :wink:
freezeframe For me they've been clingy and people who were unsure of what they wanted out of life and of course a huge sex drive(which I've always avoided just to wait for a mutual attraction) Maybe...
Ho316 the amount of regulations California has =_= and I also feel the need to find a new place to call home  Shapaha hit me up if you want to hang out sometime, I'm still in Riverside for my Public...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykEGtwJuZIs
What about thousand island or ranch with fries, I would think it pretty weird also :tongue: there are some sauces that I've tried work pretty well like curry ketchup mmmh.
22  cookie_thief Just recatching up with friends, tried yogurt soju for the first time (yum), and preparing for tomorrow's funeral.
I'm pretty damn pissed this time and want to rant.. Woke up to the sound of pounding, my dad was setting up the dividers to the desk I was finishing up last night, in the room I was sleeping in... I...
My meaning is to try and embrace all meanings; find and suggest philosophies to fit people and also pretty recently to bring existentialism into their lives if they seem uncertain and push them into...
freezeframe JungleDisco existentialism/philosophy combined with psychology, both of you have my attention and extra love/admiration points, if I had those to give; just because I adore those fields...
lol at the conversation I had with my dad when we drove home.  My dad was saying to me my father-in-law(grandfather) never respects me or my parents. Don't you think he should follow up with what...
Ringer  And what's your position? I could only guess some form of Christianity, since you defended it or you could just be a defender of truth, but I wouldn't know.  Mine is the existentialist...
a friend is great, but a group of them is usually even better =]
I think it would be good to take some time to yourself and be out in nature or if you can't, a walk during the night. What have you been stressed about?  Everyone seems pretty stupid at first, but...
Ringer Ummm, that's what I had to do by explaining my views. Most people think their own method is better, the other poster was also  doing the same thing.  The actuality of the entire argument...
... It's amazing that you don't get I'm putting questions out there, just for the sake of it.  That statement about teachers is a pretty biased view.. and what's confusing about questioning...
Okay, well we're going to disagree on this. It technically is a book of the physically dead.  Yeah, there should be a point to why there is many people who believe in their religions today; but...
True, my vision is pretty narrow. Like you said, there was only one actual meaning the writers intended.  to quote myself:  I think if one wants to get a better whole view; they should study...
Grandmother died yesterday from pancreatic cancer which spread to her brain. When I rushed on home and saw her first before going into a deep coma she opened her eyes widely and made a gesture. Next...
Meditate or if you don't believe in it, think about yourself in a 1-2-3 process. Example take a time when both parties are pissed at each other or just one party is. Then look at it from your...
This paragraph is contradicting what this statement You can't just pick and choose what you want from the bible, you have to take it as a whole.    As far as what male and women roles are,...
I received a phone call in the morning and found out that my grandmother is in a coma and might not last long. This conversation was happening, while I'm focusing on what to do to speed up the...
For those of you confused as to what my simulated reality explanation was about, I think that life is similar to a simulation. What purpose is the universe supposed to fulfill still eludes me and...
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Church_of_the_SubGenius#Beliefs For those of you who like to be ironic about things and just troll others join the Church of the Subgenius. They're a parody religion.
I'm going to ask each one of you how you got to your beliefs and why you continue in it till this present moment, prepare yourselves.
Have you read Tim Ferris' 4 Hour Work Week or 4 Hour Chef? His videos, which condense the information in those book, are also on the youtube subscription I subscribed and gave you info on.
Too many thoughts about this topic, that I'm pretty much open to anything nowadays. I'm trying to lean myself towards being an uncarved block like Winnie the Pooh in The Tao of Pooh, mostly due to...
Mr. X  I still need to take a look at that video series you linked me. I'll be sure to take a look at it later today, after sleeping of course =P   And because I have a feeling you'll appreciate...
Why don't you remember?  http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7zzkbDoGe1qdzczwo6_500.gif  You've alienated yourself too much from us ms. alien, when you consciously forgot that we were all...
I have, Namaste.  Yeah, many people learn differently whether by being openly aware of everything or just listening to others and hearing specific things. I'm usually part of the latter.     I...
Sorry, but I'll have to correct you there I don't know about things, but as far as how society is, I think I have a general and clearer idea than some? We're not lonely in this department, there are...
alienambassador sorry correction, I meant their entire lives being under constant surveillance... and yes I'm sorry for myself too, but it's nothing compared to the generation that has been under...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3v98CPXNiSk  sIlly-ness
Bruce Schneier: Prosecuting Snowden -- I believe that history will hail Snowden as a hero -- his whistle-blowing exposed a surveillance state and a secrecy machine run amok. I'm less optimistic of...
So I just took my macoeconomics test being 20 minutes late and sat next to a woman. I started taking down the answers and she kept copying me from page one and I was thinking oh no you didn't, you...'"


2705: 'Do you know what type he is? In any case, I suggest dropping the suggestive and just talking to him openly. I'm a control freak myself, although not a neat freak. It helps to tell your SO that it...
I would think the behavior you describing to be uncharacteristic of ENFJ. He is either intimidated by you or just doesn't like you for whatever reason. Best case scenario, he is under the impression...
I do love traditions and created some of our own. As I got older (and so did our children) we became more lax with traditions, especially, if they require a lot of effort. But we follow some. ...
Being married to INTJ for 20 years - yes, they get jealous. Basically, they are very loyal people and don't understand being scattered in relationships. That said , my INTJ knows when I'm joking...
sorry, double post
Yep, several times. A few with my then-future-husband as well. I can't recall details of any of them, but I do remember this distinct feeling of certainty that this is how it's going to be. And later...
Excellent question! I get stuck in both once in a while, probably, equally. I actually learned to recognize Ni Ti pretty well, so I can cut out of it. Fe Se still gives me trouble.
Just that? I'm not comfortable at all!
Ha, I will! Thanks!
Music!     Nothing physical, actually. So, cloud nine - yes, but nothing that is driving me insane.     No, I don't. As long as there are no holes in that logic, of course.
I love dark humor, does this count? :happy: There are some dark thoughts, too.
I do have a role and a purpose, but I don't think they necessarily define me, or, at least, none of them define me fully.    I think the Giver description resonated well. However, some other...
This is the only question that I don't really understand. What does it mean to have a strong sense of identity?    I think so. I believe in the good of humanity, I am striving to do no harm and...
What do you need to know, I'll answer.
This is very helpful.    I very much prefer one-on-one conversations, but I trained myself to be inclusive when I'm in a large group. That said, I would never willingly put myself in a big group,...
I've usually tested as ENFJ, but the older I get, the more introverted and introspective I get. I also have very strong Ni, probably as the result of living with INTJ for 20+ years. My Fe is there,...
It won't break her if there is something else BIG she is getting out of the relationship. Do you connect mentally? Is there some strong emotion you can share? An interest or hobby in common that she...
I'm married to INTJ, and I don't think that lack of initiation is something that is specific to INTJs. Especially, sexual initiation - my INTJ never had an issue with it. For you I have one advice -...
I feel that if I had to explain my career choices through my personality characteristics, then my enneagram (2w3) has more to do with it than my MBTI.    Interesting.. Recently I started thinking...
Can you explain? What does my ENFJ-ness have to do with this?
Oh yes, this INTJ told be multiple times he doesn't trust people with things important to him, and does everything himself. I guess I should follow his example.
Well, it's exactly that. It's not something I could entirely myself, but I can hire help instead of relying on a friend. Really, I think it was a stupid idea on my part :sad:
Thanks, a very good advice.
I actually never gave him a timeline, but gave him a way out, multiple times. He kept saying he would do it.    I think he just didn't realize the help I asked about is more than he thought it...
Haha, my example isn't real, and I'm a PC gal.  I reminded once, and two weeks later my friend promised me he'd get back to me in the next week or so. He said that on his own accord, without me even...
Let's say a friend asked for your help. For example, you know a lot about electronics, and a friend asked you to help pick out a computer. You keep saying you'll send them a list of models that are...
If you promised something but then didn't deliver, what could be the reason?
I apologize if I'm intruding in the INTJ thread, but wouldn't it be fair to say that you also want him less than your freedom of not having kids and being married? I'm not saying this is right or...
Parenting is hard...
I don't really know how to answer this and also there may be a multitude of reasons. I generally like knowing how people close to me are doing. Then I can offer support or simply make them feel good...
Yes, I want to be updated. Your second question is harder - what do you mean by care a lot? You don't have to be my #1 person for me to want to be updated on your life. For example, here is my...
I love to cook, but I detest cleaning the house. My house is messy, but our dinners and especially desserts are always good :). I was going to offer to cook for you if you could clean my house, but...
After more info I agree - he may be not sure of what to do next. Perhaps, he needs more time to figure out his own feelings.
Not important at all, I just don't want to be annoying. I may ask about it next time I see him.
I finally did it. Didn't say annoying but did mention friendship. The whole day passed before I got a response. I offered to meet again after one of his half days (the next one is in June, and...
Sounds great, considering everything else you wrote about her after this statement.
I would say that he is not interested. Sorry, maybe it's not what you hope to hear, but here's my thinking: Maybe he got embarrassed by your compliment, but it's not hard for ENFJ to understand what...
I used to work at the same place as my husband, same team, same boss. I started first, then there was an opening that he was perfect for, and he got hired. I was told the company was wary of...
Never thought about it this way. I thought it's just me - I'm always questioning everything.     Should I send you some Old Spice?
The general rule of thumb is not to do it, unless one of you can afford to quit the job. Also, you need to be 100% sure the other person is not a jerk. Doesn't have to turn out to be THE ONE, but if...
What's your relationship to this ENFJ? A good one will easily sense your limit, and protect you from overload (see below).    I'm ENFJ married to INTJ. I've been protecting him from social life...
I know what you mean. When USA had several Ebola cases in 2014, there was this pretty real (not fictional) Dr. Brantly, who caught the disease in Africa, but survived. He was given some plasma...
Not if they are talking about plasma donation: Blood Transfusion : Blood Groups and Compatibilities
No, it's even worse: the people I see in the office are all part of a different team(s), the one(s) I'm not working with at all. So, all the interaction is maybe in the kitchen while pouring some...
FWIW, one INTJ once told me that I wasn't the kind of girl one falls in love with right away, but the more he got to know me, the more he liked me. I think he meant that I was OK looking, but he...
I really don't need to remember names and faces for job, I stare at the computer screen all day. I associate people's email addresses and Skype avatars with what they want from me/I need from them. ...
:exterminate:Totaally! :happy:  I think internets played a trick on me and ate the ending of my post. Gotta figure out what I actually wanted to say.
I'm terrible with people's names and faces. I recently started a new job and I only work in the office 2-3 times a week. Most people in the office are doing the same, but their WFH days may be my...
I sorta got the same impression. And this is why I agree with  @cutiepatootie. Your only way back to the relationship with her is through being friends first. I get a major red flag when you say you...
This is very true, especially, about this specific INTJ. I think this dinner date felt very natural. I've been out to lunch or coffee with him before, and there was always a pause at some point,...'"


2823: 'i'm not ISTP but...  I think one can drive one's self crazy trying to type themselves 100%. We are all human (well, most of us are ;) ) and we should just take the obvious traits and deal with...
haha yes.   he didn't like small talk, low tolerance of incompetence, let very few people in...etc.  yet he was very charming and engaging with those he deemed worthy.  however, he was free...
I mistyped my ex as an INTJ when he was really an ISTP. i'm too lazy to type out why but a lot of it had to do with logic and reasoning, no emotion, independence, high IQ, etc.
hahaha, ok ;)
Cetanu, what did you post to me? all i see is a red x.
lots of nice looking people here ;)
Sorry, i wasn't very clear when I mentioned that I thought he was an INTJ. I should have said initially, haha. I pretty much had him mistyped. not that it matters ;)
yeah, see, i've become so numb i thought i was going into some deep, dark abyss because I'm normally the type that always looks at the positive and deal with things and move on.  But I'm not that...
thank you. :)  i was told that even if he had ZERO feelings for me, he lost a sure thing at least 3x a week, and that's gotta hurt him, even if only in the pants. HAHA  gotta have a sense of...
He was so obsessed with me he couldn't let go of his need for new sensations here and there. :/ /end sarcasm.  He was a sex addict. I didn't really think so at first, and maybe i really wanted to...
hahaha, you guys crack me up
thank you for your response. :)   a synopsis of the turn of events: (warning - very long!)  started off as FWB. lines clearly drawn. lines got blurred. we spend a LOT of time together, he...
No, I am not into mind games. This is what was so refreshing about our relationship. We could talk openly and honestly about anything, putting emotion aside. It was awesome. I'm on my phone and I'm...
this is 100% accurate. :(
hope you all don't mind me reviving an old thread....  so, how do you deal with heartbreak when you know (and have admitted) that it is specifically because you f*cked it all up? meaning, that...
There is some great advice on this thread. I am currently going through the same thing, so I feel ya. ;)  I don't have any advice other than what has already been said (trying to take it all in,...
I resisted coming here to this forum but now here I am. :unsure:  Am I going to get a headache? haha, just kidding ;)
actually, the ex was most likely an ISTP. yup...got that only half right ;)   but yes, I have had an attraction to INTJs as well.   shit, i find anything attractive that is just NICE to me and...
um, I think i might be an ENFP.
:(
this!!
Lose the muscles and i would totally date you, then.  kidding.  anyways, you mentioned INTJ twice on the types you dated.
thank you for my entertainment for today. i was getting seriously bored here at work.  I have to go redo my makeup now because i've been laughing to the point of tears. :)
LOL....I love music and those words put a song into my head. that's all. that's why i said carry on...like don't mind me butting in some useless statement.  :)
OHHHHH, i love what you did there....   carry on...
you belong on the big screen. not on this board ;)
Hmm...good point. But I'm pretty sure he's not attracted to me. I mean, he says all kinds of wonderful things about me and, like i said, all his friends ask what is up with us, but i do know for a...
you're welcome :)  and no, i'm not attracted to him in the least. i'm not sure why. there are a LOT of people that ask him why we've never gotten together - we are just THAT great together :) ...
idk, i think any person of the opposite sex who wants to spend lots of time with you is interested in you and not just a friendly way. if it's healthy, it starts off slow and friendly and builds...
Happy about Nothing.   my ex INTJ friend was always about not being vulnerable. yet he liked to get me to open up to him. he would sit and listen, not exactly offering any kind of support, but just...
@Happy about Nothing.   my ex INTJ friend was always about not being vulnerable. yet he liked to get me to open up to him. he would sit and listen, not exactly offering any kind of support, but...
Interesting!! Thanks for the input ;)
Interesting!! Thanks for the input ;)
full of shit? care to elaborate? Just curious.  and btw,  hello, everyone....
I've made it through the difficult part. The worst is behind me. Now just to get myself back to normal again. Whatever that is. :)
i haven't been getting any notifications at all lately.   i just thought no one liked me anymore. ;)
HAHAHA....you would be surprised...  eta: speaking of rock stars..does anyone think Gene Simmons is an INTJ?  and i don't even know what the hell i am anymore. i feel nothing...am nothing. haha
when i was a child, i had been playing by ear. when i finally got lessons at age 8, i was completely frustrated having to learn everything like I was a baby. i didn't want to learn how to read music...
I didn't know going in that the exINTJ was an INTJ but i played it by reading him a lot while i was physically in his presence. I never had to initiate any kind of contact - i let him pursue me. And...
*perks up*   carry on...
I believe this is EXACTLY what happened to me and the ex-INTJ.  He wanted very badly to make it work, and tried to do something he was utterly and completely incapable of doing.   and I can say the...
i totally took your post as just that. Not saying INTJs are sleazier than others, just *insert bolded words*. and whoa, is that true.
i understand how you would come to the conclusion that i think ALL INTJs are like him, but that's not how i feel.  if i felt that way, i wouldn't be here. :)  i'm here, at this point, to help me...
Not sure if i should put this here or under stereotypes but I'm going to say something positive about my ex-INTJ.  I can honestly say that in the 5 months we were together, he had never ONCE said...
Thank you for that. I really appreciate it. The hard time I am having is with myself - accepting that I made a very bad decision, and the uncertainty of if i ever meant anything to him. I don't miss...
My ex-INTJ used to tell me that he rarely opens up to anyone (he did me) and never let's anyone in. (even though he was IN everyone else :/ )   So i guess i was speshul....he trusted me and let...
Compromise sexual morality, and an INTJ can be the sleaziest of them all.  i'm going to cut and paste this into my brain and heart as part of my moving on process which is at a snail's pace. :/ ...
i'm not an INTJ but I used to like to feed insects to spiders in their web to watch them weave them up. i never saw the spider actually kill the insect, just used to watch in wonder how they spun it...
my ex-intj was a major womanizer. an INTJ with a cute face and style.    pretty damn deadly.  but he admittedly learned everything he knows from older women and some sort of manual that was...
i only wish that my ex friend could come to the point you have. you really have come a long way. it takes a lot of strength to go back and look at your faults, realize them, understand them, and try...'"


2853: 'Not surprised since I get along with INTP guys pretty well, but I never let it progressed to anything more than friendships though...
Been obsessed with this song for months now.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IEMnWhT_7c
Are ESFJ males flirty with everyone?  It was my second time hanging out with a ESFJ classmate who I met 2 weeks ago and I was shocked how comfortable and flirty he was with me already.
lol interesting. You know, sometimes I wondered if this INFP guy I like have ever slightly stalked me since we would always bump into each other.
Thanks! =)  Yeah, it's the same with me. Once I am attracted, I would always want to bug them and do thoughtful things for them xD
Yeah, that has happened with me before without really being aware of it.
lol that's a cute video. Have you ever been stalked by an ENFJ?
That's pretty considerate of you to let people know. Some people wouldn't even bother and would just let the conversation die.
I feel like I fit the ENFJ description and my friends even agree with most of it when they read it. I care for people and I like motivating and helping them reach their full potential. Upon reading...
I feel like I fit the ENFJ description and my friends even agree with most of it when they read it. I care for people and I like motivating and helping them reach their full potential. Upon reading...
No worries, I'm 20 :P
I can totally relate to this. I feel like I was more extroverted when I was younger and now I feel more introverted as I am getting older. I realized last week that for once in my life, I was...
I think I would be more shocked than annoyed. If I realized the friend is trolling, I'll probably laugh it off. If the friend was serious, I'll ask what's all this fuss about.
I love ESFJs. I love how they are caring, loving, kind and fun to hang out with. I seem to click with them very well compared to other types probably because i am a ENFJ which makes us quite similar...
No way, all of the ESFJs I know are actually quite smart, efficient and organized.
Not really. I usually only think and care about those who are the most memorable to me. For instance, people who I find interesting, inspiring, nice, outgoing, and easy to talk to. I don't really...
I don't know about other ENFJs but I always reply back to messages, especially if I said I would, otherwise I would feel bad.
I can't give you a clear answer, but when I am around someone I am attracted to, I tend to get very nervous to the point where I can't say the right words and become a little ditzy. Have you ever...
I get tired after talking or hanging with friends for a long period of time. I need to have time to myself to reflect on things and to recharge. However, being alone for too long can make me feel...
I think I am just nervous due to the crush. Sometimes I hesitate to speak my mind because I am scared of what he thinks. Unlike others, he seems disinterested or emotionless sometimes which makes it...
Whoops double post. Wish there was a delete button somewhere...
Yes, I agree with everything you wrote. It's almost as if you're me! :O
Lol that's what I thought too when I saw your post. We're both in the same situation :laughing:
What do you guys think of people who gets nervous around you? Ever since I became really attracted to this INFP guy, I went from being really sociable to being really quiet towards him.  I get really...
Wow, this is all pretty true for me too.
I don't think ENFJ women gets ignored. From my experience, I've dated the guys I liked.
Yes, that sounds exactly like her.  Some of the tendencies I have that she would not have are:  -When I am upset about something, it would not take me long to discuss about it -If people were to...
I used to have a INFJ best friend and I would notice the main differences between us is:  -she's a perfectionist and would claim she has OCD tendencies -Like what Iamken said about his friend, my...
I'm a 6w7 (The loyal friend) 4w6  1w9
I can relate to how you feel as I've just recently been through the same thing. I think us ENFJs tend to think a lot too and that our feelings can really mess us up to the point where we would have...
haha even though I am not a INFP, I tend to edit my posts a lot too. Thank goodness there's a edit button!
Congrats! I am so happy and excited for you! Now if only I can find myself a INFP guy... Anyways, hope you will update more about this as I would love to read more about how compatible these 2 are :)
Finished with an exam today and now I got to try to stop slacking off. Haha, I'm not surprised because personality type is such an interesting topic =)
Same goes for me when it comes to falling in love quickly and falling out of love slowly. Infact, I still miss him right now and it sucks that he doesn't talk to me like he used to anymore....
Same goes for me. Infact, I still miss him right now and it sucks that he doesn't talk to me like he used to anymore. Sometimes, it just sucks how it is so hard for us to move on. :(
I hope you will one day! It would be nice to know someone who can understand and relate to you =)
3 pieces of pizza (vegetarian, mozzarella, and the other one was full of meat), pickle and sour cream chips, and fruits (pieces of honey dew, oranges, and slices of banana). Talk about unhealthy...
Yep, I agree because it feels good to get stuff off your mind and confronting problems will lead to a better understanding of each other too. However, depending on the situation, it can be hard to...
Haha I wouldn't mind being your friend too on PerC ^^
I guess it's because there are misunderstandings and that we don't really talk it out with each other.  By the way, I am pretty sure my really best friend is an ENTJ. He's just awesome even though...
Haha I love researching about topics too! Currently, interested in personality, as you can see :)  As for fitness, it has been such a huge for me since last year. I exercise like almost everyday and...
I wouldn't mind being friends :D
My best friends so far are ISFP, ISFJ, ISTP, INTJ and either ENTJ or ENTP... (I can't tell), but we all get along really well with each other and can talk about anything for hours. As for love...
I would say 5 or 6, I need my alone time to think and recharge lol.
After reading a lot of these, I got to say, you guys sound so nice and interesting! Too bad I don't know any INFPs in real life, I wouldn't mind being friends :)
The bolded part is true. I have a male ENFJ friend and I can't imagine dating him because conversations becomes tiring....
Hmm...This is a hard question since I really want both, but I think I would rather be accomplished as in accomplishing my life goals because I will probably be proud and happy afterwards. =)
1) When you're afraid that you have annoyed someone after talking so much 2) When you feel surprised every time someone compliments you
Yeah, I agree which is why i always wonder how my friends linked me to Rukia because she just doesn't seem like the happy and positive type. I guess it's because back then, I used to have an hair...
I agree, there's no holding back once our mind is set and from my experiences, it's hard to stay friends with the person that I've been in a relationship with.'"


2864: 'I'm not INFJ, but this happens to me ALL of the time, with the most random people, and in the end we are sitting there staring at each other and they say I really have no idea why I told you all of...
http://quizilla.teennick.com/user_images/F/FA/FAE/FaerieFriend/1128880847_e-Romantic.JPG
To me it conveys more of a feeling of angry depression, like there is no closure, and you just have one more thing you would like to say, so you are stuck stewing on it.  Also for some reason the...
lol nothing tops Christmas Vacation:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlfV1Q2eSkE
My favorite came out by accident... I was having a bad day...and right after I dropped my favorite bowl and it broke into a million pieces I exclaimed:  DAMN A FUCK!!!..... SHIT!!!!  It has...
I take a multi vitamin + Iron and Biotin
http://playstationfever.files.wordpress.com/2009/07/mirrors_edge.jpg
I wouldn't say that crowd noise energizes me...Its the energy of the people around me that gets me going.  I do very easily get swept up in the energy of those around me, in whatever they are...
http://stylealchemy.com/ruminations/wp-content/uploads/2008/12/cuddle.jpg
Im snuggled up with my favorite cat shimo watching tv, making the best of this rainy evening before work in the morning.
Im putting up my Christmas decorations :laughing:
http://pawpals4u.com/mischievous_puppy.jpg
ENFJ- Teacher  :shocked:  I always get told that I would make a great teacher!  I feel like my fate is sealed lol
http://www.smh.com.au/ffximage/2008/06/03/kate_moss_ap_lead_narrowweb__300x474,0.jpg
Having a Wonderful Day Off!!! Wo0t!  :tongue:
Hmm...  I do have an older brother but he is 8 years older than I am... So I suppose I would be considered the Oldest....Drat... My younger brother is still the baby lol  This ENFJ is the Oldest...
Blue ENFJ :laughing:
http://th09.deviantart.net/fs19/300W/f/2007/287/e/f/Not_Enough_Time_by_Pochi_chan.png
http://therubicon.org/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/happiness.gif
Just got off from my first day at my new job.  Its about time I get some human interaction.  WOOT!
I am freaking fantastic! lol, just got off work.  How are you?
Dominant, Eclectic, Sensitive, Amusing, Dependable
Ironing... I freaking hate ironing!  Stupid scrubbs... makes me so angry... stupid wrinkles... Rawr lol
Helllooo fellow ENFJ!  Welcome!:cool:
http://i.telegraph.co.uk/telegraph/multimedia/archive/01240/greedy_boy_1240212c.jpg
I primarily recognize people by the way they walk, and the shape of their body.
Hey, Hey I wanna be a Rockstar!
Hmmm... This almost seems like a good launching pad for my quest for world domination... :crazy:
http://images.google.com/url?source=imgres&ct=img&q=http://thechaly.files.wordpress.com/2009/03/argue1.jpg&usg=AFQjCNG6GwuLcIh1ZAdA5nlbEizBvq2GPA
http://www.streettunedmotorsports.com/z/ricer/ricer_hood_open.jpg http://www.streettunedmotorsports.com/z/ricer/10.0_slip.jpg http://www.streettunedmotorsports.com/z/ricer/nyirp.jpg    Show...
http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v239/jo1osborne/sexy%20other/I_am_still_waiting___by_666_darkins.jpg
http://www.made-in-china.com/image/2f0j00repaTzdqIYgiM/Lucky-Rabbit-Foot-Key-Chain-LF-07-.jpg  Show me a Yummy Breakfast
OMG... I've read his books, and I really wish he would finally finish A Dance With Dragon's sometime this decade.  Book one was by far the best, but I'm somewhat dissapointed with A Feast For Crows. ...
I dont understand it either... It's just an odd thing... My husband decided once to poor all of the left over water into one water bottle... I wouldn't drink that either.
LOL!  The crust is the Best part!  I dip mine into sweet and sour sauce :tongue:
When I eat chicken nuggets from McDonalds, I eat all of the crust around the chicken nugget first, and then I eat the chicken lol, and I NEVER....Ever... drink the last two inches of water in any...
Wondering how my husband can be so DENSE!  RAWR :angry:
I personally know Phoenix400.  He is my favorite stalker lol:tongue:
http://www.worst-jobs.com/funny_cartoons/hermit_buddhist_monk_cartoon_drawing.jpg  Show me what is most important to YOU
Awww that does suck :sad: Especially because VII is SOOO much better than VIII.  Im sorry :(  Have you tried going to any used book stores?  I know the ones around me carry videogames... Or any pawn...
Just got done with a yoga work out...So now some relaxation time and a movie... What to watch, what to watch....hmmmmm
http://www.fantasygallery.net/stahlberg/nightmare.jpg   Show me Destruction
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_u_4RXQCf1cA/R6aYbgH1qfI/AAAAAAAAAR8/_yc2R8SFfmM/s400/devil%2Band%2Bangel%2B2.jpg    Show me Snow at the Beach
:yawwwwwnnnn: going to bed.... Goodnight all
Thank you verrrry much :) lol
http://www.thechinesesouplady.com/wp-content/uploads/ingredients/meat/duck/duck_gizzards.jpg    Show me a Crown Roast
I've heard Liv Tyler quite a bit  http://www.mtv.com/movies/photos/m/2008_movie_awards/performers_and_presenters/21_liv_tyler.jpg
By Your Side ~ Sade
http://farner.in/blog/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/broken_heart-18231.jpg
http://www.urdua.com/mazah_corner/funny_pictures/images/disgusting_teeth_beyond_repair.jpg    Show me something furry'"


2963: 'I would say INFJ because they are rare and tend to act very differently in different situations. They also have super different interests depending on which infj you talk to, so they are hard for...
Super shy, kind of awkward. Not always straightforward in the way they act, can be confusing. Rather hesitant in wondering whether someone is worth pursuing. Acts differently depending on who the...
When it comes to relationships, I actually tend to prefer the socionics model, which I have not seen too much of here on PerC, interestingly. There is a lot of interesting information about...
Sometimes we can't see the value of what we're giving and it can be hard to know whether giving is even worth it. Like am I giving someone something they will treasure? But I also know that I don't...
I feel like relations of duality and activity are way underrepresented  then again that's a socionics thing in an mbti forum out of nowhere aaaaiiiii
:) sorry i saw this so late, but thank you. i get annoyed when he flat out ignores my messages. i know he doesn't mean it personally, as many don't. But it also reminds me that I got angry at him a...
Dear male ISFJ,  I've known you for three years. I remember the first time I walked into that classroom, and you immediately made me feel welcome when you told us that we were the best. You taught...
Stolen from the ISFJ forum XD  I thought it'd be a great addition to the ENFJ forum since we tend to care too much about other people and have trouble saying what we wish we could say to them. ...
Ask him :) Communication is important. Writing is good if you like that. You'll be fine.
(1) how is it like to lose your identity sometimes and get caught up in what people are doing? How do you ground your identity?  Many ENFJs are described to care about others to the degree of...
O____O   ; v ;
awww you're welcome! :hug:  eh, i suppose i don't mind the whole being too selfless part. but sometimes it's really draining. especially if i care a lot for someone who doesn't care in return....
o h  m y  g o d, lift your head. you are NOT an unnecessary version of the INFJ!!!  INFJs have the functions: Ni - sees patterns and the possible consequences of actions. Fe - in tune with the...
Not when my mom is an ISTJ  she thinks i can't make decisions for myself :(
Reminds me of what people say about trips to Auschwitz. Makes me want to visit there to experience it.  There's a bunch of places that I like. idk if I have a favorite. i like the library for when...
Isfj/infp
This is interesting because I was just staring at the thumbnail for a very long time and wondering how everyone else could make out the cliff or trees or whatever. Then I clicked on it and was like...
awh > w <  I don't understand what a space flea is but hopefully it's not a bad thing.
Teachers!! <3 Sounds like a really special teacher :D I have an ENFP teacher whom I adore. I don't have many NF friends >.< so it's easy to feel like they don't get me because they don't have this...
nice profile pic :3  yup there are those people who really don't care about me so i don't really care about them. generally it's people who have been nice to me or proven that they're worth my...
oh my god! you get me :D
Just curious, because a lot of my friends (most of them SJs) don't seem to do this.  I fall in love with people so often and I spend a LOT of time caring about them. I don't see it as a...
After thinking about this for a while, I came to a realization about myself and ENFJs in general: You guys are thinking way too hard about this whole not really knowing how an ENFJ feels about you...
OMG YOU ARE ADORABLE that was really courageous, you're so cool :D you can just tell from what you wrote how much you adore him XD so it's okay -- treasure those feelings no matter what happens. ...
;A;  but i like being a dreamer  and i do get stuff done  can't we all just be friends and have world peace   That being said, Ni is not really any more special than Si, Se, Ne. I'm biased...
I write journal entries and complain about my life if i don't want to bother other people if i really need to, will talk to someone trusted  hot showers are really nice. music.
Be honest with her. I also once had a strong idea about what friends where supposed to do, and I was very upset when my friend and I drifted apart because I could not tell why she didn't want to hang...
Vlogbrothers is my favorite channel! (John Green himself is an INFP) I find it funny because in his latest video, he said something really similar to what my ENFP teacher said lol. The teacher...
did she laugh or smile when she said you were just weird like that? if i were to say something like that, i'd accompany it with the patting of the weird person's head :D although i don't think...
Warning: 2 kewl 4 u  jk jk
Se takes in sensory information from surroundings, present time. They tend to love experiences with sensory thrills (such as rollercoasters, sports). I have Se in my tertiary. Don't know how much I...
chill out for a bit... people are people (unfortunately). don't go doing anything on a whim lol...  but yeah i kind of got the feeling that you didn't trust him 100% or feel completely comfortable...
how do i deal with an istj mother...? she's a wonderful person but i really can't stand her nagging sometimes. i'm in high school and i need space...  for example, this happened 5 minutes ago:...
Ni is making connections between events and being able to make predictions as a result of that. Usually it's predicting what a person would do based upon what we already know about them. For...
You sound like a very caring individual.  My advice would be for you to get help from a trusted adult. If he is emotionally broken or unstable, he needs professional help to recover from that. ...
Sounds just like him to do that haha. I can tell I get really annoying and clingy at times. I guess it kind of sucks that most people get sensitive if you were to tell them I don't want to talk....
I think in the end, if you want this to blossom into something, you need to trust him enough and know that you can make mistakes without fearing that he won't like you because you said something....
Reading stuff like this is always so mind opening because I have two ESTJ friends who get on my nerves sometimes. For example, one of them just flat out doesn't respond when I ask a question that...
Okay. Sounds like there's a lot of clues that he's interested. If you can see yourself being comfortable around him and such, I'd say go for it. Okay, I don't really know what go for it means,...
I don't know exactly what he's like (and you don't know if your types are accurate), but people in general will give you clues if they are interested. If you aren't able to pick up on any obvious...
????? need something?
I love thinking about the people I love and admire. You probably do too! Post descriptions of the people you love. Tell me about the things they have done for you, good times you've shared together,...
Change do the dishes to please do the dishes or can you do the dishes? If you ask if she wants to, she's more likely to say no, I don't want to.  lol i'm sorry that probably wasn't a big...
How do I deal with how i dislike being wrong? I know everyone is wrong at times and it's best to just get over it and move on, but it makes me feel like even after all of this time, I don't actually...
I can tell you were upset, and I'm sorry about that -- i didn't mean to attack your beliefs or actions or anything. what you talk about makes a lot of sense, anyway. let's just drop the debate and...
The point I was trying to make is that you always try to find the truth, but you fail just as much as your sister in trying to do so, and you need to realize that. We're all human. It's not just you,...
Exactly my point! :D The answer to each scenario is different because even though all three save the greatest number of people and are therefore utilitarian (doing the greatest good for the greatest...
Wow, this has been really eye opening for me to read. I'm an ENFJ who is shy, so I'm really similar to the INFJs.  I can't completely understand the situation, because I'm not you, but my very...
My sister and I are pretty different from our parents? Me: ENFJ Sis: INTJ Mom: ISTJ Dad: ESTP  I guess my sister is more similar to my mom, but I'm not really like either of them. I don't know...
You know you're a feeler when you feel bad about pirating music'"


3030: 'Well I would recommend talkingi than 4..practice for.being real when your nervous. For starters.. .. Out at a club so no doubt late I'll Have something more useful to say when I can sit down and...
Yeah thanks for pointing that out. Maybe what I really meant.. Lol.
nvm
Im sorry that I dont really have much to contribute.. also I recognize that the following will likely not alleviate your feelings of uncertainty and for this I am sorry.  I have always been accused...
hey, someone who has already been here. Thanks
dupelicate
this is an an embarrassingly accurate portrayal  of what happened.:proud:
you started the op with the clear intention of using what you call conversational English and hence I have not one issue with your question. In my life I however frequently do find that people can...
One of the problems I had in finding the best type fit was the description and presentation of the j/p dichotomy by no means have I spent an exceptional amount of time in study on this realm so im...
lol I nearly had something to say about making universal claims that could never be validated.. but you already recognize this. carry on
wow, funny how strong of an impression this made when I read it. Sometimes being dramatic can be so effective. Thanks. :kitteh:
Im rather curious to know what you learned from this? having plans.. and other priorities in life is attractive.. but im not really sure I understand the desire to play the game.. to me. this just...
I feel like pulling a Mr Rodgers.. I like you just the way you are.. one in 7 billion
your hardly the  first person to ask this question.. mbti offers a kind of framework for understanding yourself and others.. something theoretically that enfj's probably could appreciate.. I think...
projecting my voice back in time.. Im doing great almost one year ago
hmm well  I have found that people have various levels of emotional  need regarding feeling like they are undestood/validated by others.. a person who is mostly unconscious of their own need for...
also noticed that Etherea is now posting as an enfp..  Etherea now that I have your attention :tongue: im rather curious to know if there is thread regarding this decision...
lets see. I joined.. ranted.. felt better.. left.. ranted.. felt better, left.. so given this history Ide say that I joined personality cafe so that I can act out an abusive codependency which can go...
ok so looking over the history it appears I have been MIA for about.. 4 months or so.. and since It does feel rather much like barging into an old friends house without first calling to say hello.. I...
Im certainly not here to dissuade you from finding a better way to communicate your boundaries regarding emotional disclosure. honestly, although I would feel somewhat rejected, stating simply that...
I think its important that although we are playing with a  system of differentiation, to remember fundamentally that peoples needs are  very similar, physical, social, emotional,mental. making social...
so your fundamentally unhappy that people who are not like you exist.. sorry no way to solve this..    honest and true criticisms are not alone enough or reason at all really.. to cause a person...
I usually avoid threads like this since generally they are written by people trying to justify and use mbti to rationalize their personally negative stereotypes , see critical... however in another...
what? I give light,friendly,supportive,full on, remorseful, loving and distant hugs, every day.. all depending on what the situation calls for.. Im not sure how trying to define the distinction in...
the most precious thing any one person has is the time left remaining in their lives, I have a whole system where I try balance driving efficiently and safely out of consideration for not negatively...
not an intj..  Fellow f dom here, girl honestly people oonly really learn from experiences, and its great that your willing to consider reconciliation, and I'm not trying to undercut That but, what...
lol, while Its definitely a fact that it often easier for me to to communicate with women in general.. and I have some number as good friends.. I wouldn't describe there loyalty to me as being part...
should I take it your trying to provoke a response? what is the point in expressing this?   there are some scenarios where this might not be taken as offensive special definitions.. perhaps...
fun, some of the words in the last column in the second had certainly never before graced my eyes.
with you on being nervous about medications, usually wont even take OTC.. Have to say I can relate to having partners become frustrated at me for having a naturally low labido.. and for me.. although...
Welcome aboard, if anything were not shy.
for a while I had a bit of an identity crises, I literally felt like something was very wrong with me for example not beinga able to honstly say I felt like color x was my favorite color.. in mbti I...
This was a great laugh thanks, though Im not sure how useful it was to the OP.
Yeah this is pretty close to how I feel about it. I
= lol well.. interesting... sounds about right. I am always intruiged and attracted to the INTx's I love there minds, I have dated for sure at least 3... but things can be pretty hard on the side of...
relationship question?
this doesn't mean he isnt an  EXXX not that im saying he is.., it can be rather rude to constantly demand peoples attention.. or talk over them.
for what is worth, feeling like it might be important to fit into the social role you assign yourself and that you behavior is consistent wit that role is also consistent with Fe. Your certainly not...
I was trying to type myself as an I for quite some time.. the fact that nearly every profile casts extroversion as being outgoing/generally conformist/and somewhat shallow probably fits in here...
I tried desperately not to conform to this in post 875... in the end I just couldn't help myself.
while I cannot relate to the need to win wear the pants I think I do often come accross this way because, of the following as a caveat it actually might just be the connotation that those to...
lol thats crazy talk.. Guess im actually with you on this one.. try explaining it to him the way I just did. Im really curious to know how he responds.  I suspect there is something else at the...
sorry on this one im on your friends side  the technicality I dont understand how you seem to be missing.. is that language is by definition a social construct, language is symbolic, it exists as...
never mind. its not really worth saying.
Sounds like Fe. its possible your mistyped however what I think is most important in this case to point out is that human beings by their nature are emotional and people oriented mbti only effects...
yeah, Fe is sensitive of how you are affecting others. talking about your personal feelings can feel selfish somtimes. and its hard not to beat yourself up in that case.
lol yeah.. running a little low on sleep.
derail? isnt that what the op is asking about?  a google search for internet slang, EXXP failed.. I take it you mean to say Except? I rather thought our posts were in agreement.. :confused: ...
welcome milkshakes    this all depends how you are defining extroversion.. extroverted does not mean outgoing.. merely that you tend to be externally focused.just as introversion does not mean...
Moved to rant section  edit: again..  this made it seem like I was ranting about infp's I wasnt feel free to check out the enfj rant section if your really that curious.'"


3149: 'Your business, is my business. The more I know, the better I can... help you... or manipulate. lol
I wouldn't mind. I have no fear of showing my face... sorta. maybe we can wear funny masks until we're all comfortable.  i mean, people already post their pictures on the picture thread... i don't...
would this be on google+ hangouts?
its ok. he'll get over her in a few years if things continue the way they do.  or if he gets his heart hella broken, and or laid a lot by other girls, he'll also get over her... in time. lol.
L s d
I'm not an INFJ, but if you were to ask me, you're asking me if i wanna lose an arm or a leg... lol, I need both!  Ni drives my ability to create possible scenarios for me to navigate emotion.
my experience tells me the emotion of some sort of despair usually is associated with this thought. or the feeling of lack of significance/purpose.  existence itself is already pretty interesting,...
what's the point of anything?
an artist... +points.
of course it matters.  we loved to be loved.  looking good, the image that people have of you in their heads is a passive ability in which you don't need to do anything actively (like talking...
no.
yeah i wanna know what happened lol
no human being has their emotions in control. it is the reason we do things.  i mean there might be some monks that have it in control, but being in control is different than suppressing it.  i...
I have very few ISFP friends. The common trait i've experienced with them is they're very... looking out for you. They are always buying me food or like something I mentioned randomly they'll be...
If I broke up with her, it's over.  If she broke up with me, it might be over.
lol, i think the shallowness could also come from the NF... the idealist.  ideally what we find beautiful. ideally what we would like our partners to look like (and make us feel because of that). ...
why would u move away from south california?
just tell him, you're trying to help him. and the feeling he gets from you trying to help/advise him, is the same feeling other ppl get when he tries to help/advise them.  simply put, it's annoying...
Yes to all of the above.  I have a hard time throwing anything out. even pieces of paper.  everything in my possession has some sort of deeper meaning. Even if it's a paper clip that's been...
He likes arguing.   He likes getting offended and arguing. It's like the heat of the battle. It's fun on some weird level. Satisfying.  It's like lifting weights, but with your mouth... that...
over analyzing is good.  i'm the same.  i'm pretty sure it's because of a Ni/Ti combination.  anyone with the Ni/Ti combo is a long term thinker. all plans that formulate MUST last long term....
I find I don't like debating to logically convert people or win debate points in some academic platform.  I debate so I can get a rise out of the other person. So I can taste the frustration and...
I believe Ti helps u understand how it works.  say... lets take a pocket watch for example.  the want to take it apart and figure out what every gear and spring does... is Ti.  you would know...
Lol i was just like you.  i was too egotistical and self absorbed to wanna be that type of guy that sleeps around.  and I didn't like to hurt girls either.  but as i grew older, you know...
or really pessimistic, dark and emo as fuck.  the fucked up thing is they'd both enjoy it too hahaha. harmonious emo.
Ti helps me figure out how something works so I can pass it off to my other functions and manipulate it to my liking.  You can't change something, unless you understand how it works inside.  ...
They are awesome. ENFJ+INTP=a superior consciousness.
Sorry to break it to you.  sounds like what I'd do. I talk to my female friends about hot girls I fantasize about chasing. Those female friends are... just that... friends.  I'm gonna be upfront...
im pretty sure ENFP are the most introverted of the extroverts.
In my exploration of spirituality and religions...  I have come to conclude that the Buddhists are on the most accurate path when looking at the cosmos (existence in ALL forms) in the biggest scale...
depends on the definition of socially  details... what is the goal? what are the expectations?  we talking about who can get the most likes on fb?  we talking about who can become a loved...
I get along with ISTPs  it feels like we're always on the same page and they see the other 50% I'm trying to see and vice versa.
yes.  I also have taken notice to little things I never noticed before. Like how beautiful some of the roads I drive down everyday are. The trees seem more vibrant. or something. They are more...
yeah but u can observe the social dynamics.  like sometimes there will be like everyone just crowding around 1 persons computer laughing or talking about something.  sometimes you'll see just...
yeah, it's naturally a place for introverts to interact and socialize without exposing themselves to... uncomfortable situations.  even as an extrovert I like the internet more than real life. I...
-Philosophical discussions.  -always try to focus on the bigger picture and not what's immediate.  -lol talking about consipiracy theories... which is basically #2, but... well, it works for...
i scored below 30 lol.
how it could or should be, doesn't exactly mean we are totally fucked up now lol.  I can imagine today's society satisfying many people that lived in the past... if they could only see.
yup.  There is nothing wrong with society.  We are doing exactly what we should be doing. Everything is the way it should be.   hindsight is 20/20.  looking ahead, you can imagine many...
LSD.  I don't know how non intuitive types experience the drug, but for sure, it is like steroids for intuition.  it gives you some sort of hyper intuition that just... no words can describe. ...
it brings us to the question of what authenticity means.  i think most people would consider authenticity to mean dependability/predictability to be somewhat linear.  ie. if they're you're...
developing Ti... lol usually doing the opposite of what you feel is right.  that uneasy i don't like this feeling, but i cant deny the thought is usually the right thing to do from a pure logic...
I think this is where our fundamental difference is.  our definition of free will, and whether or not we have it.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cf9eGUWGtyo  ...
yes, that is your queue to just say it flat out loud. start listing reasons. they already have a list in mind, and if you are able to demonstrate that you have the same thoughts and able to add on to...
totally not what I thought this thread was about.  was ready to contribute what type of porn i like to look at and the first thing I see are dogs... wtf... oh wait.. i get it... hahahaha...
I stumbled upon it. I was lost in life and this opportunity came up, and I decided to take a look. much to my surprise it was nothing like i thought it would be.  and i'm pretty good at it.  and...
Perhaps I shoulda been more clear in my analogy.  i used robots only because they are an easy thing to reference. I don't mean the specifics of wiring and all that. i assumed those things were not...
lol the Ni description is totally me  Intense, impulsive, unpredictable, magnetic. Mood is labile, activity levels are erratic. More forceful and domineering in how they engage with people. Has a...
you mean analogy? ;)  yeah, those subtle differences do make up the individuality part (so does the initial programming).  but given enough time, both robots will be old and have experienced...
lol I agree. objectively, it is a form of manipulation.     i never said it was a perfect way, but it is the best way if you're communicating with a person. I assume the two people are having an...'"


3176: 'Yeah, there's time I go to big gatherings with people my ISTJ don't know by myself.  Now family gatherings are ok.  But not gathers were they don't know anyone.  I'm a low extravert so don't go out...
I use to get a lot of mix music tapes and still get lots of cds with mix music.  Maybe I'm being picky on what is romantic.  Never thought of that until now.  Hmm...You gave me something to think...
After reading the links Laeona posted, I realize how far my ISTJ and I've come.  (Come May 2017 we'll have been together for 18 years.)  Is our relationship perfect?  Hell no!  But do we love each...
I'm going on 18 years come May 2017 with my ISTJ.  For the most part, we don't argue.  If we do, it's usually because of miscommunication.    My ISTJ can be insensitive with feelings at times but...
Wow!  Great stuff!  Thanks!
Thank you for your response.  I've accomplished a lot in life, so I don't think it's that.  As for regrets, the only regret I have in life is that I didn't date more INFPs before settling down. ...
INFP not responding to text since December 18th.  She does have a tendency to go long periods without talking but not going without checking her messages.  She claims she is a high EMPATH. The last...
How come I, an ENFJ, feel understood by INFPs but so misunderstood by ISTJs yet find myself attracted to both?
Hello INFPs.  Missing my INFP friend to talk to.  I'm feeling bum about turning 40 this year.  Any ideas what I should do for it and/or how to get over this bum feeling?
INFPs rock too!  ;)
NFJs are intimacy junkies.  Doing things for us is great but what really turns us on is playful banter, creativity in the bedroom, lots of emotional attention (make her feel desirable by desiring her...
Well said!  And, yes, both definitely need to be healthy.  I think that is true for all relationships though.    Just so you know, not all INFP/ENFJ compatibility are created equal.  I know several...
I'm a NFJ with a very low E. When down and out, I turn to drawing because I have no musical talent. It's like I'm able to express my feelings positively without hurting myself (facing a possible...
Do you have a high 8 because 4w5s sound a lot like 8s? And 8 with a 4 is like a lightening storm but in a nice hot way.
I think it's my high 8 that love high 4s.  This compatibility has a love and war feel to it.  I'm not so sure about the 5 and 2 combo because my 2 hates when my 5 withdrawals emotionally.
:)  This book is where I discovered the 9 and 2 connection.   Amazon.com: The Enneagram in Love and Work: Understanding Your Intimate and Business Relationships (9780062507211): Helen Palmer: Books
From what I've gathered, high 4s like high 3s.
Are you a high 9 because 2 and 9 have an incredible emotional connection?
I think I figured it out.  I bet you are a high 2 and he was a high 9.  They merge emotionally together.  It's freaky, scary, and exhilarating at the same time.  Both types need to be healthy because...
I, an ENFJ, can be overly sensitive.  My ISTJ of 13 years is blunt which at times can be taken as being insensitive to my feelings or critical.  I'm learning to not take everything so seriously from...
After looking into tritypes, I've discovered why I have this uncanny connection with 2 INFPs in particular.    I'm a 2w3 8w9 6w5 one tested both 3w4 or 4w3 (there 4 and 3 were equal) and 9w1 6w5...
Let me know if this sounds correct.  9w8 2w3 7w6  The peacemaker w The challenger, The helper/The achiever, The enthusiast/The Loyalist  I bet you do well with a high 3 in your life because...
Where are your results?  It should be a table listing the percentage of each number.
I tested high on 2 and 3.  I'm higher on 2 so I'm a 2w3.  The test I took gives me my high scores, so the values I listed are the scores that I tested the highest on.    Thanks for the links by the...
OK, enough of me denying myself:  I'm a high 2, 3, 6, 8.  I figured out my connection with my INFP friend.  We feel connected because of my 2 (The Helper) which she lacks and her 4 (The...
I highly recommend paying $10 for this test.    Enneagram Test - Riso-Hudson Enneagram Type Indicator  It's more accurate and it explains your types in more depth.  Good luck!
Thank you for the book recommendation.  I will definitely add it to my book collection.
Okay, a good friend corrected me and said having a 4 isn't possible.  Ugh!  This tritype is hard to nail down, but I feel like I'm getting somewhere though.  I do think my testing of 2, 3, 8 is due...
Your parents sound like they were in the unhealthy stress stages of the Enneagram during your childhood.  For the record, my dad was a lot like your dad and mom and I'm pretty sure he was in a very...
By the way, nothing to take personally, because I discovered that those values are actually my stress state, so normally I'm a 2, 4, 6.  I tested 2, 3, 8 because of my childhood experience triggered...
Thanks, Jawz, for your story.    After taking the full version, I actually tested as your least favorite person.  I tested as 2 being the highest with 3 and 8 being the same second highest.  I can...
BTW, here is a link to a more accurate test, if you're interested.  It has around 150 questions and cost $10.  I highly recommend it because it pegged me and was very informative.  It also talks on...
Since this is a short test, it's not as accurate as this link which gives you a lot of information for $10: Enneagram Test - Riso-Hudson Enneagram Type Indicator  However, looking at your results,...
It's weird but I never felt a power struggle.  We are protective of each other though.    The only thing that I've realized is that we tend to want to help each other, rather than ourselves.  You...
I feel the same about my INFP friend too.  It's so dang uncanny how we get each other.  Thanks for sharing your story.
I think I have a grasp on how to figure out our tritype.  If you want, click on the link and fill in your gender and click next. Free Enneagram Personality Test  Take test 2 times and paste your...
I think I have a grasp on how to figure it out.  If you want, click on the link and fill in your gender and click next. Free Enneagram Personality Test  Take test 2 times and paste your results and...
Have you experienced this phenomenon?  That is meeting an INFP with a  very similar tritype to yourself.  If so, did you end up in a  relationship with this person?  If so, how was the relationship?...
Have you experienced this phenomenon?  That is meeting an ENFJ with a very similar tritype to yourself.  If so, did you end up in a relationship with this person.  If so, how was the relationship. ...
Sounds like to me, the real question is do we really hate being alone or that we hate being without companionship?  The reason I ask this is because I don't mind being alone as long as I know I...
Completely alone without being around humans, animals, internet, or texting--not a chance.  I have to at least have my canine companion.  I need some type of companionship even if it's only my dog. ...
Welcome to the forum, sephora.  Thanks again for your post.  It gives me some hope that my ISTJ will not cut out our niece and nephew from their life.
Thanks everyone for your remarks and comments pertaining to my situation with my ISTJ.  I really do appreciate it.  I think we've talked this subject into the ground and that I have my answer. ...
Thank you so much for giving me some hope.  I really do appreciate it.
I'm WELL AWARE that all relationships require work.  I have several long term relationships that the communication is no where as difficult as it is with me and my two ISTJs (my spouse and mom).    ...
I agree with this and so does my ISTJ.      However, we both disagree with this one.  It's a BIG DEAL!  My ISTJ HATES being wrong and will not admit being wrong even if proven wrong.  And,...
A metaphor is a literary figure of speech that uses an image, story or tangible thing to represent a less tangible thing or some intangible quality or idea.    This is a perfect example of what I'm...
Thank you for your story.    Our different views and opinions is exactly what's paying a toll on me and my relationship with my ISTJ.    I thought with a lot of work, we could over come these...
Thank you for your reply.    Our communication is one thing that has tremendously improved over the years.    May I ask how many years you've been with your ISTJ?
Thanks everyone for your input.  You've given me some things to think about and talk over with my counselor.  The friendship between my ISTJ and I is very strong.  You've made me well aware that...'"


3219: 'Sorry I know this post is a few years old but I was so happy to read it because it makes SO much sense to me.  Especially now that I realize I'm truly an ENFJ and not an ESFJ (I was raised by...
ENTP for sure  :wink:
Hi, I literally just saw this today. Havent been on PerC in a few months.  I might retire. I just dont think this forum is healty for me. :unsure:
This was hilarious! !!
Hahaha, Blue, you are just too awesome for words!!! *super hugs*
I wouldn't say bitch, but you do seem a little self-centered.  Maybe you need a wake up call. No offense or anything.
Master Wolf isn't jealous of all my admirers because we are just friends.  In fact, he's like a brother to me.  Ewww
I wasn't?  I think it's because I didn't have a clear idea what I was supposed to do at first.  XD But I caught on.  I'm a quick learner.    So the next verse I want to sing the main part and then...
It frustrates me when introverts expect me to read their minds or something.  :bored:
I love making music with you.  I think it just hit me right now how fun that was.  Thanks!  :)
I love you.  Just as friends, of course.  :wink:
Dear ENTJ type 8,  What is your problem?  Why do you look at me like that and cringe anytime you are forced to compliment me on something?  What did I ever do to deserve being treated like this? ...
Why is it so amazing to me to have someone stick up for me or do something for me?  Like, I get to a stuck point where I don't think I can take care of something by myself and then someone comes...
Holla back!  You're quite gorgeous yourself!  :wink:
Anyone up for chatting tonight?  Today is my Friday of sorts.  :happy:  Mibbit?  TC?  Let me know!
D'awww....   Couldn't be the lovely car seat in the background, could it?  :laughing:
Hello, again, fellow ESFJs...  http://i1243.photobucket.com/albums/gg546/HunnyBunny4578/8D09319A-F57C-4985-AEB6-82CBB7F2D7F3-387-000000345D4EB12F_zps379437f6.jpg
I had a pretty crappy day at work today.  Anything and everything that could go wrong, did!  Luckily I was able to let a lot of it go.  But, man, days like this just suck the life out of me.  I...
Can someone explain to me why ESFJ is an Elephant?  Because they have good memory or something??  :confused:
I've said it before and I'll say it again....  Thanks INFPs for putting up with my presence and my posts.  **hugs INFPs**
I'm bringing this thread alive again.  This should be stickied.  Ugh, I feel like such a BITCH today.  I don't know what my problem is.  There are certain threads that I really enjoy - except - a...
MHO - but I think she created the problem here by having her boyfriend move in.  That creates an awkward situation to begin with.  Doesn't sound like this ESFJ is in a very healthy state right now if...
Wow, Meeps!!  Good going! I think it's all the HUNDREDS of Hugs you doll out on a daily basis.  :tongue:  Keep up the good work!   ...
Have you asked yourself why you are feeling nothing?  Especially if this person was one of the most important people to you? Maybe you are just in the denial stage of grief?  5 Stages of Grief:...
This is GREAT advice. Thank you for posting this. You sound like you've learned a lot in life and have put practical and moral application behind it. You show maturity and growth in this post and I...
I hear you and feel you.  For me, it's not like I act like a different person, but I'm so good at reading people and I'm so interested in others perspectives, that I try to be more like them, in a...
A few, based on my opinion:  ENTJ - Bear ENTP - Cross between a monkey and a fox?  :laughing:   I'll have to think about this and come back for more.  :happy:
Here's a good resource too:  Stop Walking on Eggshells: Taking Your Life Back When Someone You Care About Has Borderline Personality Disorder [Paul Mason MS, Randi Kreger]  I have an Ex who has...
General question for any/all ENFJs reading this.  Are all ENFJs very positive people?  Most that I have met are very positive, glass half full-types.  :)  Also, what Enneagram are you?
I have decided that I need to hang out in the ENFJ forums more often.  I relate so much to ENFJs and you guys are all just so, awesome!  :happy:
I'm so sorry you are going through this.  I've been there.  *hugs* Listening to music and going on walks helps.  Also, surrounding yourself with people who care about you and keeping busy helps too....
I'm TOTALLY like that, too! Although, every now & then I enjoy some downtime. :wink:
Oh, I remember you now. You're the guy who told me about your fetish for wearing women's underwear.
Maybe the better question is, who are YOU? :dry:
Similar to me: I'm 2w3, 9w1, 6w5  I like to base personalities on cognitive functions.  Which cognitive functions you use most have more to do with personality than just E/I preference (IMHO). ...
Dang, I always miss all the fun stuff.  :sad:
My INFJ best friend introduced me and I was hooked.  I love learning about people and trying to figure them out, so learning more about personality psychology and self awareness really stimulates me....
I can kinda relate.  I'm a 2w3.  Love the enneagram, btw.  :wink: Even as a two, I have a really strong sense of needing to feel accomplished and I put a lot on how other see me.  I relate a lot to...
I hate my ex.  He just accidentally called me and left a 4 minute message on my vm of him and this girl he's with right now.  Even though I don't want to be with him and getting away from him was...
Wondering if any ESFJs were like me as a child.   I remember being so dreamy, a lot more free-spirited than I am now, and I was very very sensitive.  I cried about everything.  Hmmm... In a lot of...
Because ESFJs are selfless and giving and LOOOOOVE other people.  Plus, most ESFJs are good looking.  :wink:
I vote ESFP. Lots of positive energy, fun, love attention, etc etc.
Sorry I'm late to post about this, but I think you knew in your heart of hearts that this guy was bad news. My gut is always right - no matter how much I try to reason my way into something....
Ahem.  I can go toe to toe with an ENTP any day.  Try me.  :dry:
Tonight is one of those nights where I think it would feel good to just cry and cry...  (pmsisawesomenotreally)
Anyone chatting tonight?
I'm so obsessed with the song, Human Nature right now - including all the covers and variations on it.  Especially the cover by 2 Cellos. These guys are amazing.   http://youtu.be/CVOPGYygc5E
So I was out to dinner with a group of people tonight and across the way I see a guy and girl on a date. You can tell they are on a date. You can see the tension, yet they appear to be having a great...
YES!!  And those of you who were on TC that night have seen the proof when I had HORRIBLE hiccups and it worked.  It's really the only thing that has worked for me.   :crazy:
Omg I just read this.  HAHAHAHA  Ok, so here's what happened.  I have been having a hard time getting to sleep lately, so last night I took one of my Ambiens (prescription).  It's been a long time...'"


3247: 'You're not being used.
I've accomplished almost everything I've ever wanted.
I've experimented for a while and have had transcendental like experiences which didn't really end up altering my perspective for the long-term but with short term, definitely. Although I've pretty...
I have but only a few times. I'm still reaping the effects so I probably won't be doing so ever again.
welcome. :mellow:
I've probably smoke one too many times.. I remember before smoking, I actually had different moods and shades of colors and vivid detail to describe those shifting moods. Now... after burning a lot...
actually I may have mistyped myself.. I resonate strongly with INTP as well..
thank you all for the warm welcomes.   :mellow:
hmm i wonder why the signature i changed didn't show up... maybe in this post it will..
i am new to these forums yet i don't have much to say currently except hi all.  oh and... i'm unsure about the name i've picked also.  anyways...  :crazy:
i don't like doing this.
probably a wolf, whale, and/or bear.
I'm a feelin' a bit lethargic and mentally slow to comprehend certain things but overall...doin alright :happy:'"


3251: I like to feed people and cuddle :P
I focus on doing anything to 'make it easier on them' when really I want to just avoid everything and everyone and go and hide until I'm in enough emotional control of how I appear to other people...
I think you need to consider your methodology. Internet forums tend to be weighted towards night owls. Not just for sociological reasons, but also physiological ones - the light from a computer...
Peter Gilly Happy about Nothing. (your username is sad, this video could make you happy  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Qx9Zojmb_I )   For my two cents, I think NTJs and NFJs are similar in the...
Tonight has been quite a lonely, strange sort of night. Much like the soft chords I strum out on the guitar each time I get here, I don't feel I'm making much progress towards any kind of resolution...
What kind of rejection was it? Explicit and romantic, probably not. If they just faded away into the background, they might give you an explanation if you assure them it's safe to do so.
Talk and tea is such an easy way to snare xNFJs :P Especially with new people, chat and tea feeds our Fe and Se in a really pleasant way. Also, the combination of intimacy and relaxing tea make it...
This isn't really related to type. There is a strong bias against multiple partners in most cultures and an even strong bias against lying to people and hurting their feelings in pretty much all of...
In terms of what I'm all about, my main trains of thought are usually to do with observations about the people around me and how they feel, or trying to work out how I am appearing, how I am being...
Me and bae on choir tour in the USA a month or two ago. It's me on the left (unfortunately!). Some of the girls in choir find taking pictures of us really amusing because he's 10 inches taller than...
Meeehhh. I feel like my head is full of sand and I can't think straight. Just missed a deadline big time, and I don't really care because what is actually on my mind is a girl who I can't figure out....
I've played various instruments. I often give them up if I feel like I'm never going to be amazingly good at them.  Right now, I'm focused on singing. I'm good enough that sometimes I get paid, but...
Sometimes I'm very aware of my Ni processing as I keep following a train of thought. Often I'll catch myself wondering something like 'How would I describe the people around me in 2 sentences? How...
I am generally open with my friends and loved ones when I think they're doing something stupid. Some of them take it well, some people months later still don't treat me as before and probably never...
Baking for people always makes me feel warm inside. And mmmm dough smell
I very much can be if I think someone's making a big mistake. Sometimes I'm wrong about it, often I'm right - but I forget that stuff like that is much more of a disaster for someone hyper conscious...
I would actually say that typically ENFJs can struggle a bit to pinpoint their feelings. Fe is concerned with the outer world of emotions, the emotions of other people. Surface expressions, such as...
Ever feel like you're in a bubble when you're with a group? Or behind thick glass?   (Apparently Sylvia Plath likened her depression to being in a bell jar, a container with nothing inside.) ...
Oh loneliness hits me like a freight truck sometimes. It's not just the frequency of social interaction that ENFJs enjoy, I think we're also hyper sensitive to the quality of our social interaction....
I like to have at least one day or a few evenings to myself in a week with the phone off doing my thing.
Not exactly new but never introduced myself!  What fucks me up in a bad way: everything I tell myself I should be or should be doing What fucks me up in a good way: Seamus Heaney poetry, playing C...
Oh I very much have this problem. ENFJs make everyone feel loved and understood, as for the most part we do love and understand. Unfortunately people don't realise that ENFJs are really aware of...
Is it too much to ask that someone could fucking know me? Least of all me.
I think the existence of a 12 page thread is fairly good evidence we're hard to read. Both XNFJs are well known as being emotional fort knox. That Fe-Ni or Ni-Fe combination means in practice that we...
That's cool to think about. I want intimate, close, deep relationships with everyone that I decide to like, but not at the cost of being vulnerable. I actually hold quite a lot of people deliberately...
I'd join some painfully bad amateur hockey/rugby/soccer teams. In terms of feeling instantly connected to people, sports and music (particularly singing) are definitely the best.
Yahh.... I was just thinking about this an hour ago and realised I totally mangled that. Fe-Ni is still a strong combo for verbal reasoning, I think people don't see it that way usually because Fe is...
ENFJs have a dispostion towards great verbal reasoning and debating skills in their cognitive functions. Ni-Te helps you to analyze and break down the arguments of other people and structure your...
Hey there. I've not found it easy to type myself. Forced dichotomy tests are often not that helpful because I associate with both sides of the spectrum - like I said, I find I instinctually mediate...
Sometimes it's not as obvious as that. ENFJs can hold themselves to high standards because they think they are obligated to do it because of their superiority. ENFJs can also appoint themselves as...
I wonder if I'm the only ENFJ here who actually avoids relationships? I like sex and intimacy, and being close to people, but my experience of being in romantic relationships has been one of...
It's not like I need people to tell me I'm great, but if people are clear they want me around that makes me pretty happy. And then if you let me cook for you I'm humming :P
Unhealthy ENFJs get preoccupied with being marginalized because of their unique capabilities and talents, with a not unremarkable dose of paranoia. ENFJs could easily do the wrong thing if they think...
xNFJs are rarely inclined to be open because they feel there are things about them or thoughts they have that are undesirable or not useful in the current social context so just get suppressed (and...
Ohhhh yeah. :(  ENFJs draw people in through their natural warmth. They seem to love everyone - in part because they act like they do and mask their true feelings if they really don't like someone...
ENFJs tend to experience their internal emotions from an oblique angle. They take us by surprise almost. I listen to a song and suddenly remember I listened to that song a lot during a tough period...
Probably ENFJ is my feeling. ENFJs get shy when they're not sure of how they should act, especially 5s.
I think this something people underestimate about us, especially ENFJs with a bit of enneagram 8 hovering around in their enneatype. ENFJs can be spiteful, but our agression usually manifests...
Oh dear lord I'm bored of keeping it together for everyone.
ENFJs are manipulative, but it's perhaps too strong a word for what they do. ENFJs modify their behaviour and public persona to be more successful in a given environment. Of course, success depends...
Ahaha they do exist! But all of the Ni types are rare, and the Fe/Ni ones can be hard to spot because they adapt their behaviour to their surroundings. So the males can look a bit different to the...
I get the impression you guys are young (like most of the people on this site - by young I mean 15-23 ish ish ish it really depends). Young or immature ENFJs are much more unsettled in terms of...
I totally feel you Shelk. Fe is both crappy at introspecting and wonderfully externally inconsistent with our need to Fe mask at everyone so keeping it real gets very tricky, especially for us...
Ahaha not at all surprised to see an ENFJ enjoying that game - I know I get a kick out of anything where I can make a self-representative character and then go do good in the world and forge...
A lot of ENFJs, especially younger ones, aren't really sure who they are. We are generally focused on other people to the extent that we can be a bit of a mystery to ourselves. In the process of...
I can point out that this question is philosophically flawed. For instance, 'because they're an elephant' would be a valid answer. You're asking for negative definition - ANY characteristic that...
I might think the person has decided they don't want me around and back off. Or I'd feel hurt that this person rejected me, and cut them off equivalently (it's odd but that's how I deal with...
Hey all,  I'm currently going through the process of a possible ADD diagnosis. I've been a daydreaming, non-stop talking walking bubble of chaotic disorganisation forever, and now I go to one of...
More than possible. Skills are things you are constantly learning and practising, and socialising is no different.   For most of the time I was growing up (I'm only 20 now mind) I was horrendous at...
I have a habit of impulsively going along with it if people show physical or emotional interest in me. As you can imagine, it leads to some very unsatisfying situations but I am just really bad at..."


3260: You are a Benevolent Visionary.   You are a Visionary  Your imagination, self-assuredness, and knowledge of the world combine to make you a VISIONARY.  You have clear notions of how things...
Positive: I can brighten the mood of entire groups of people just by being myself! I tend to be very optimistic and generally upbeat. I'm quite good at the understanding of other people too, and I...
- That ESFJs are somehow stupid or incapable of having intellectual conversations. - That ESFJs all gossip behind everybody's backs. - That all ESFJs are 'fake'.  - That ESFJs all cry when...
I looked at the time while reading this thread, and it said 14:14..  COINCIDENCE? I THINK NOT.
I can't maintain eye contact for too long, because I tend to sort of drown into somebody's eyes and completely miss the whole conversation. I look around a little or, when in a group, I have short...
ENFJ advantage: It's easy for me to understand and imagine 'where people are coming from', so to say, and I guess it makes people feel appreciated when I can understand them most of the time.  ...
While I tend to have rather strong opinions about the topics you mentioned, I usually keep them to myself unless somebody asks me about it. I don't like preaching; it's not like anybody would want me...
Oh dear, the gifs cracked me up :laughing: I love this thread!
I always have these episodes where.. I suddenly fall in love with a certain spice of sauce, and then continue to combine it with EVERYTHING. Right now that's, eh, chilli sauce. It's pretty good.....
I can see where the OP is coming from, and while I don't really agree, I feel that many replies this thread has gotten are unnecessarily childish. It's alright if you feel that the OP gives off a...
If you were to ask her why she became so distant, there'd be a pretty large chance that she will either deny it or have some sort of excuse, like she was very busy or something similar. I have a very...
1. Happy are you? 9  2. Socially skilled are you? 9  3. Lazy are you? .. 8 :unsure:  4. Emotional are you? 7  5. Book smart are you? 5
I believe only unhealthy types lack empathy. My type, ENFJ, is a type that is considered to be empathetic, but let me tell you that an unhealthy ENFJ can be unbelieveably cold and cruel. Every type...
Mother - ESFJ (easiest to relate to for me, we always try to solve each others problems.. really neat) Father  - ENTP (love his perspective, his humor, how he stays calm in every situation)  Older...
Blue, yellow, violet. :proud:
Answers are in bold! And yes, I'm an ENFJ.
I'm Dutch myself, and I definitely think that ENFP fits the Netherlands the best. Open minded, innovative, friendly and enthousiastic, yet pretty laid back at the same time ;).   The only other...
I usually smile in pictures, but it doesn't really feel like faking to me. Taking pictures is kind of a 'YEY, pictures!' moment for me, so I guess pictures just make me smile haha. I don't force it....
My type: ENFJ   Longest conversation without break: ESFJ / ENFJ (mother vs. best friend here.. I'm not sure) Funniest to me: INTP, ESTJ, ENTP, ENFP Most reliable: ISTJ Adore: ENxx Non...
I spend almost every morning just.. staring at my closet for roughly 10 minutes to figure out what to wear. My general taste is quite expensive and formal, and I suppose I take pride in the clothes I...
I'm.. the type of guy who is one of the first people to start dancing, screaming: 'OH, THIS IS MY SONG,' every other song. I get even more talkative and random, until at a certain point I'm a...
I.. think I'm quite a decent liar :x I just try to convince myself of my lies beforehand, so I can be a bit more persuading.  As a child, I was notorious for getting out of sticky situations, but...
All the time! Generally, my mood is geniunely cheerful and optimistic, especially when there are more people. When I'm at my best, I can't help but tell my friends something along the lines of: 'I...
I prefer taking friends out for dinner just to let them know I appreciate them. I think my friends deserve better than my cooking.. :laughing:
Hmm.. I got 66 :)   Fair enough for an ENFJ male, I suppose, heh!
I find myself attracted to any of the NTs, they're just so.. interesting. Their perspectives are just so different from mine, and they don't judge me for having different perspectives, which is...
I'm afraid that I won't have made a difference for other people by the time I've grown old. There's so much I want to accomplish, and I know not everything is possible for me to accomplish, so I'm...
Just a heads up, I've never been.. seriously or clinically depressed, I'm just using the term 'depression' for convenience really; it's just when I feel down and hopeless for an extended period of...
Sorry, I messed up, double post.
I honestly can't really decide. I feel like both types of people are searching for a way to feel better about themselves - braggarts try to 'appear' better than they believe they are, while people...
I tend to imagine things or people to be far greater than they really are, resulting in disappointment alllll the time.   Though what I dislike most about myself is how anxious I can be around some...
Thank you very much for your replies! I think sending the care package is a marvelous idea, I will certainly arrange that in the near future.  I took my friend out for dinner yesterday, and we had...
Ever since middle school, my best friend is a ENFJ guy, just like me. He's had a pretty rough youth, with his parents not being completely sane and facing rejection after rejection from loads of...
I can totally relate to your post, but it doesn't just happen in relationships for me.  Whenever I meet new people (potential friends, to be specific), I tend to imagine one of them to be the...
I detect my own flaws far easier than I can detect the flaws of others, so that causes me to become incredibly self conscious, to the point of insecurity. From what I've heard I seem to appear very...
Do you feel at odds with what society expects of your gender?  To some extent, yeah. It's mostly just in my head though; neither my parents nor the people I know ever expressed that they expect me...
I am so slow.   I have been rambling and talking to you constantly today, and I couldn't help but notice you were acting unlike your usual self. Cold, even. I dismissed it and I just continued to...
Everything about the Fe-ENFJ applies to me.   It just freaks me out how spot on the description is.  Thanks a lot for sharing :)!
Yes, I've never felt so connected to people my age as the friends I've met on high school. As an ENFJ male, I thought it was hard to relate with a lot of other guys my age. That's when I became best...
Thankfully I have never been bullied before. I believe I was pretty lucky with the schools I was on. I was incredibly outgoing as a child on elementary school, and I never hesitated to make a fool...
I don't know whether this applies to most ENFJs, but whenever I speak in front of a group I tend to focus my view on one or two people in the group. I look around the whole group often (so I'm not...
The reason I'm asking this is because I've recently started college. I get along fine with most people, and I feel comfortable with quite a lot of people, too. However, I tend to 'compare' the newer...
I don't think I have experienced true love before (I'm only 18 though, so there's plenty of time!), but I have dealt with infatuation. I just feel incredibly attracted to certain people while I am...
- When you go to a party with the intention of only staying two or three hours.. and then you end up being one of the last people to leave.   I can totally relate to almost every post in this...
I scored 69, though I agree that the questions weren't that good most of the time. Ah well, it was fun to do the test either way!
38828  Took this picture yesterday, I was about to head to a party so I went ahead and got a new haircut as well :) I just asked the hairdresser to surprise me, which is very unlike me, haha!
I do like to take care of myself, but face masks are a bit over the top. I like having a nice haircut and in order to make my skin seem slightly shinier I use this one beauty product.. I take about 5...
Anxiety: Is one of the most horrible feelings in the world  Baseball:Is pretty fun Coloring:Is cool Driving:Is something I can't do yet (because I'm 16 and I'm required to be 18 in Europe)...
I believe I have some masculine essence traits, but I think my preference goes to the feminine side. I feel more attracted to masculine women so..I guess.
Thankfully, one of my best friends is an ENFJ as well, so we sort of boost the whole group's mood together! But I discovered that whenever I'm feeling down (which isn't often, maybe once a month?),..."


3266: 'Hi, ENTP, and welcome to the forum.:wink:
From what you're describing, she could be an ESTJ because SJs don't like change much and are routine-based.:wink:
It sounds like from what you desribe, you're an ENTJ.:wink:
You're definitely an INTP.:wink:
You are definitely an ESTP. I can tell by reading the description.:happy:
It's called the Daytrona patch.:laughing:
Welcome to the forum and enjoy your stay here.:blushed:
Welcome to the forum and enjoy your stay here.:blushed::blushed::blushed:
Try reading both types to see which fits.:cool:
Read both types. Then consider which of those types describe you better. You'll know by the way each feels.:cool:
Welcome to the forum.:wink:
Regardless of disorder, your personality type is yours. Don't you understand that the disorder you have doesn't determine your type. You determine who you are and not the condition. Don't you know...
I would say that you are an ISFJ.:proud:
I like to be around people. It helps me to observe who they are. :proud:
He's an INTJ.:blushed:
She's an ENTJ.:blushed:
Sounds a lot like an ISFJ.:blushed:
I think you're an INFJ and I'll tell you why. First of all, INFJ's can be analytical because they're observant. And secondly, because they look carefully at the situation. And finally, because they...
From what you've said, I would say that you're an an INFJ.:wink:
I'm an ENFJ with ADHD.:blushed:
INFP's are nice people.:proud:
I took the test and found out that I'm the dismissing type.
INTJ's are fine, but I prefer ISTJ's.:blushed:
I would be self-sacrificing.
Hi, Chrissy and welcome to the forum.:proud:
 Let's Be True!  Listen to your heart, so honest and true. Value your heart  way up in the blue.  Let's get along  way up so high. And be off
To stay true to myself.:blushed:
Take time to talk and listen to each other.:proud:
I'm religious and I'm an ENFJ.:blushed:
Hi, I'm an ENFJ. Welcome to the forum.:proud:
Try and read both descriptions to see which one fits.:cool:
Very interesting topic.:happy:
You're Definitely an ENTP. :laughing:
Hi and welcome to the forum.:proud:
Hi and welcome to the forum.:happy:
Hi and welcome to the forum.:happy:
Hi and welcome to the forum.:happy:
Hi and welcome to the forum.:cool::cool:
My list of stereotypes include: strong, confident, bold, courageous, self-confident, self-assured, and assertive.:proud:
I'm an ENFJ and I like to go out with ISTJ's. They are loyal and protective. I appreciate their honesty.:proud:
Maybe you want to change because you want to use your shadow fuctions.:happy:
I go to bed at 10 pm and get at 3 am. I'm neither an early bird nor a night owl.:cool::cool::cool:
My test result is Mace Windu.:happy:
I voted non-political though when I took the test, I turned out liberal.:happy:
My life is filled with family and good times.:happy::happy::happy:
I like SJ and SP because SJ's are guardians and SP's are artisans.:wink:
He sounds like an INTJ.:happy:
My mom is an INFJ and my dad is an ESTP.:proud:
I like ISTJ's. Welcome to the forum. I hope you enjoy your stay here.:blushed::blushed::blushed:
Nice to meet you.:blushed::proud::wink:'"


3446: I like to feel special but when I find out a friend likes a song I do I feel good. I enjoy connecting with people and the more I have in common with somebody the better I feel about my place in the...
If she's crying morning, noon, and night - I highly doubt that your offer will be met with any derision. If someone is crying all day long it probably means they are at the end of their rope. Being...
I can't speak to what would be best for you. What I can tell you is that you seem to be so emotionally distressed that you seem a bit jumbled right now. The first thing I would recommend is to write...
So it's Friday night. Early on in the week, I had a couple separate groups of friends invite me to activities for tonight. All of them were things I would thoroughly enjoy.   So I just got done...
I guess there aren't any concrete reasons why, I just never saw myself doing that.
That is eerily similar to my own experience after college.        I have learned this too but I hardly considered it an acceptable way to deal with the loss of identity I was enduring. Maybe...
My first though when discussing an ENFJ villain is a manipulative sort of leader who brings everyone to his way of thinking through sheer emotion and cleverly worded parables that convinces his...
Wow. Spot on. You had my head bopping from the moment it started playing story of a girl haha. That's one of my old guilty pleasures. Man you hit on some really good songs I haven't heard in a really...
Bill Burr Louis CK Most episodes of Scrubs ^These two have insightful observations about human behavior.  Anything that pokes fun of silly cultural norms.    Dislikes are comedy that employs...
Some people see approaching INTJs in an effort to form a relationship to be very difficult. I used to think so as well. The honest truth though is that it just takes a different approach. Some people...
I agree with this in the sense that as someone who is FE, I collect odd or embarassing experiences because I end up sharing them with friends.  We have a good laugh over them and it makes for good...
I found you to be very articulate and descriptive, personally.  I agree with theory 2.  I'm not really the type of person who worries excessively. Either something goes well, or it doesn't. I can...
I ran into a problem recently and I wanted to know if any of you have encountered the same.  In college, I made a big diverse group of friends. I became the president of two different clubs and...
I've been told this by a few people in my life. A few of my IXTP friends see any attempt to cheer them up, or seduce them, or to discuss and suggest a comprise as manipulation. I once had a friend...
I get where you're coming from. Hahaha but also as an ENFJ I can identify where your spouse might be coming from. I actually have had a similar conversation with an ex in the past about being...
SO: 45/50 SP: 39/50 SX: 39/50  Damn. Why are my scores so high compared to everyone else?
By the same token those same what ifs could be applied to him being an awful person who would cause untold death and suffering. Those what ifs don't really lead us anywhere useful.   I think where...
Scale of 1-12 my results were  10Physical Touch 8Quality Time 7Words of Affirmation 3Acts of Service 2Receiving Gifts  Seems right. Best gift I ever got from my ex was a letter titled...
To me that sounds like you are choosing to abstain from making a difficult choice on the grounds that you aren't qualified to make such a difficult choice. You're allowing the choice to be made by...
I've learned, from years and years of being in relationships that your partner will unconsciously expect you to know what they want in terms of a sympathetic ear, or someone to help them brainstorm....
This happens all the time with transplant lists. The reality is that resources are scarce. Giving it to the first person to cross your path, to me, seems like a decision made to indulge your own...
Just curious - is that really how you look at it? Is the conservation of resources really looked at as a punishment?   For me - if I had an abundance of miracle drugs I would save this man. However...
Let me ask you this... would you enjoy killing him?   If so I think we just got the backstory of the dying man lol
Hmm thank you all. That gives me some things to think about. Mostly in regards to your approach to your romantic conflicts not being much different than conflicts among friends. Especially in regards...
Do you find that your approach to relationships differs greatly from your approach to friendships and other social interactions, in terms of resolving a disagreement?   I had an INTJ girlfriend who...
No. This guy might be a great guy and all but everybody begs for their life and shows remorse when faced with their own mortality. I'm not going to judge the guy. He may have murdered for vengeance...
I think I'm one of those ENFJ cases that might be borderline. Or at least, I represent the Js that are ordered about some things, but not others.   My room is often not clean. People who put their...
As an ENFJ, I have a bit of insight to give into these. I have many circles of friends. The perception of being two-faced can stem from a few things. One of them is likely a scenario in which I'm...
Your analysis seems spot on Robert. I'm very grateful for the time you took in helping me figure this out.   I also just took the Enneagram test from this site and got 8w9 The Bear. My trifix being...
Haha that's a bit disconcerting.   Ugh I'm coming off as impersonal. Honestly, I've been on this forum before and I recognized that everyone here seems very intelligent and so when I first went to...
Ok so I'll attempt to answer as briefly as possible but I admit I'm pretty much the kind of person who necessitated TLDR  Face to face conversations - It's something about the flow of a...
My best friend is an INTJ I'm basically completely opposite from him. I'm an ENFJ(P)  He is a Network Specialist in IT and he's always calling me on the way home from work to inform me of the...
Interesting. Though I still found myself hesitating on certain questions as I was still unaware of which one I really preferred.  My shadow type: Introvert(44%)  Sensing(38%)  Thinking(62%) ...
0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
* Name - What do you preferred to be called? Whatever you're comfortable with though in real life I go by Dexter  * Male/Female/Trans? Male  Location I live in Carnegie, Pennsylvania right..."


3500: 'luemb, I know that, and I appreciate the information. According to what I read, it's less but who knows.  I am not implying you do not have a life but since there are very few INTJs, I figure this...
Working, in a pharmaceutical, Medical, Scientist research lab, University professor, cave(home), computer games. geeks, dating sites but you have to know what to look for.  Anything that is...
Gibbs @ everyone has their likes. I find  awkward and clumsy cute.   Guys who are interested in me do things like that, another wasn't watching where he was going and hit a telephone pole. LOL.  It's...
TrippedOnReality, yes,Dear   Ok, sure of course! <chuckles>  Thanks,  Janie:cool:
I think he like you. Why would he tell you personal stuff and spend time with you. I think he's thinking about different things maybe it's your turn to show interest. Don't wait on a man to call you...
Oh good grief, if you don't like them don't worry about it. We are not going to change either.  When you are young in age you have this kind of attitude, I will do what I please. Of course it isn't...
Make him dinner with the child.  I am sure he will enjoy a home cook meal.  For the child something they like, something to make them feel special. My uncle did this with me(6-8 ) when he started...
Let me ask what does this fabulous creature get in return?  Is the Perfect female only acceptable?
Yes, it is so true. Your story is so lovely.:happy:
I like them all, but if I chose one I would say SEX. Then service, Then more sex. LOL
I don't like it either but we do have to be reasonable. People have lives.  I suggest asking when they may possibly call, telling them to call as soon as possible because I have something I need to...
I did, first sight. I talked to him for about year but off and on. When I first saw him he was on a dating website.  I instantly liked him, but we couldn't meet until a year later.  When I first saw...
(ENFJ)Yes, I feel this way but for different reasons.  You are unique and special no matter what. We are all hard on ourselves. You do the best you can and remember you are human with imperfections....
You can have more than one, I do.  If you only could choose one, then this is the primary one. Otherwise, it will be easier for someone to make you happy. At least this is what I think.
I agree, to a certain point, I still use logic,and experience. My thought process alerts by feelings and reminds me of facts I have pondered before if it's important.. I think about what I need in...
That's so cute, i like it.
Thank you! Superbly done.<sigh>
ooh la la, I feel the same.  Come my sweet man and cry as I hold and caress your head and mane.   I am a dominant woman and was a tomboy when I was a child. I use to think why I wasn't more...
I agree with you but you are wrong.  Obviously you understand, that's the point.  If you use a language with someone and they do not understand your word it is useless. Real intelligence is when you...
here's an idea moron, kiss my ass.
I love feminine type guys, gay or not. Either as a boyfriend or a best friend.
Really? I share my stuff as long you take care of it. :tongue:
You could say I love you guys , wear a t-shirt that states If I don't show emotions it's because I forgot them at home, use words, your awesome, beautiful, cool, you're no. #1, You're special,...
Thank you so much.  It means alot to me for you to share your experience.  :happy:
@Mr. X I understand your concern, but I didn't choose an INTJ because he is one. I chose him for who he is. :happy:
Small talk is exactly that an opportunity to engage in conversation. You don't start a complicated subject because you are trying to figure out the person to see if they want to talk, or not.  Some...
Anyone has any constructive advice?
I can't be too specific, because we are all different but if it comes down to male and female, it's right.  I have no need to be sexist. I love men, just not the idiots.  Sometimes things don't need...
I think it comes down to manners. I thought not paying attention was a woman's complaint of a man.  I heard that women are conditioned or innate to face each other while the men do things and not...
Kristindork,  I am very sensitive, I hate it when I am discussing important things, but I like that I can put myself in another's shoes so I can help them out.  People in general don't care or...
It is not fact if you don't have evidence to confirm it.  It is a good explanation, but since I don't believe in all parts of evolution like some, I do think there's not enough evidence. It is not a...
the·o·ry ˈTHēərēˈTHi(ə)rē noun noun: theory;u2003plural noun: theories    1. a supposition or a system of ideas intended to explain something, esp. one based on general principles independent of...
I disagree, woman develop sexual experience because they are horny.  Today's men, in most cases, are not attracted to wide hips, but thin anorexic type body and finally the silicone breast are...
Hahahaha, I am not pressuring him. Well, at first i did, I blew up at him for leaving me all bewildered after our romantic encounter.  He did manage to tell me he liked and cared about me.  He does...
yes, of course, I understand.  If he didn't want anything to do with me it would be logical for a him not to respond.  The fact that he does confuses me.  He was so tender and loving with me and ...
I know he had a relationship before me and it's been about going eight months since the breakup. So I don't know.  He's 59 years old, but he doesn't act it.  He wants a relationship because I ask him...
I don't play any stupid games, I think it's immature.  He doesn't tell me anything but he didn't tell me about anyways. We talked about what is present.  We have known each other for about a year off...
He doesn't respond.  How hard is it to tell me yes or no.  He is a INTJ, because I asked him.
Yes, I have but he doesn't answer? Twice. He answers other questions for the most part. He's a nice guy, we have talk before. If he justed wanted continue our friendship I would he would say so....
Question: Why does a INTJ man pull away? As friends we talked well but once we consummated it.  He text me when I text him and he answers my questions but it's like he doesn't respond to hugs and...
What do you mean detachment? Please give examples. TY
I think if you have a list of qualities for a potential mate that's good but you have to consider other variables too.  We humans are not perfect and I know this doesn't matter to some INTJ's, but...
No, not all manipulation is wrong.  For example, it can be used by a nurse, and she needs to get their patient out of the building but they won't go. Theres a fire, patient is frantic .  I think, ...
I actually sent them a email today asking him about this.  Could this be a sign he is busy? Maybe he is stressing  and just needs time. I wonder if anyone else has had trouble with this.
I meet this guy, and we are friends before we meet. Since then he seems distant.  He doesn't ask me questions but answers my questions except the emotional/feeling type questions.  There's something...'"


3599: 'Well, as for me.   I just want to go away. I want to go on a vacation. I want to leave. I want to stay there for as long as possible (at least until i forget you even a little bit, because complete...
Well, as far as I've seen (pretty far lol), most INFPs aren't reluctant, but they aren't as willing as ENFJs are. Like I am a personal human diary for a whole buncha people. My INFP friend likes to...
I was very optimistic about an INFP. Still am. You could call it persistence/perseverance, or you could call it pathetically not wanting to let go. Both are aspects of the same situation, just...
Couldn't have put it any other way. :D
RANTING starts now.   Wow. Did you say i was asking for it? ASKING FOR WAT? yes, cuz I def am asking you to piss me off. this is actually sorta weird because i cant hold grudges, but i cant forget...
GAHHHH. I want to learn chinese sooo darnnn badddddd!!! I know how to write hello and goodbye. and...1, 2, 3, and 10.  I know how to say hello, goodbye, i'm sorry, thank you, why, what, I dont...
Well, the one i'm talking about... infatuation took over them in a period of like...2 weeks. now, that's pretty short. loll.  But i guess it might have gotten worse, as time went on. I didn't really...
hahaha, Im LAZY. and...it's my cousin. I think he likes me. and I wanted to prove to him that this wouldnt work...but. Ill find some other way. lolll. thanks tho.
How does an entj male work with an enfj female?
I'm an enfj... BUT. I know you are an INFP when it takes you foreverrrrr to get over your ex because you just got WAAYYY too attached to him/her, and probably over infatuated over a short period of...
So you want something like...  No strings attached or...Friends with Benefits im guessing?? loll :D
Regardless of how old you are...it's never too late to start your life. Even if you are 80, you can still find love and get married. As far as children go, if you really are 80, you can try babies?...
Lol, no probs! It's a really good topic!   I know...but I wish it won't happen. I mean really. I think that people born in later generations won't have a problem with it, but just people like me...
That might be it. Idk... Maybe I'm just brainwashed to think ti si wrong because society today doesn't favor it. I'm it's frowned upon to eat ones own kind. I don't know too many people that would or...
so does THIS ONE :D
Tru dat. Completely. :D and it works vice versa too! at least with me.  And, if that's what's up, then you are definitely on your way to find out what you want to know...I think it's just a matter...
This is a really interesting thread!!! :D  Like i said before, I'm all up for adoption. In my opinion I don't mind if people stopped reproducing for a coupla decades. I think i know a way to...
You are spot on. Stress stress and more stress. It's like a ninja...i dont know where it is or how it got there, but it gets me every time. But thanks for the encouragement bud.   It's good to...
I like asian babies. I can't get over their eyes. TOO CUTEEEE. omfg.  it wasnt really meant to say this, so i guess it doesn't...but im also contemplating adopting a child once i get married/get...
Oh definitely. I have become like...the total opposite of myself lately. I used to be sooo laid back. And now, i get angry for everything, i blow up at everything, my friends think i need help...
I mean...ive never gotten along with this chic... I just..dont even. She hates me, and I dont know why...:P  But that is cutee! I wish you the best bud :kitteh:
Identity crisis? Trying to find yourself? I feel you bro. I really do.
I understand the part where you say people could be slightly apprehensive about future problems. I mean, who isn't? It's that feeling of....I wonder How bad/big the problem will be...will I be able...
Completely head over heels for an INFP at the moment... I don't know what to do thoughhh. :/
I think that we should live in the moment. I mean, it might not be the best decision, but... eventually people end up regretting letting that moment go. I'm gonna live in the moment. It makes life...
Hahaha, well I LOVE your fucking profile picture. :)
You sir, are an absolute genius. :D
I'm an ENFx, but i needed to vent about an INFP. hope this is okay. :P goshhh... this infp guy... i dont get him.  why does it take him soooo long to get over something. EVEN WHEN IT DIDN'T HAPPEN....
When they are OBVIOUSLY right about something, keep saying that they are wrong. No matter how many times they give you the evidence that they are right, just say they are wrong. NO matter what.   ...
Heyyyyy, say hello to your future BFF :D
Maybe Han Solo had a twin that nobody knew about.  lolll, maybe we were separated at birth...in a past life...and that is just the long lost photo of one of us... in a past life. hahahaaa! NICE...
hahahaa! patience...PSHHH. :P
I'm just curious...were you my twin in a past life or something???  loll, DITTO bro. :D
depends on her, dude. I mean, fromt he sound of it i think she likes men who are very clean and simple. Liek she entrances you, you need to entrance her. Show your strengths, not only in your own...
hmmm... Hinata from Naruto Howl from Howl's moving Castle Zen from Spirited away ummmm...  this person isn't fictional (well, obviously...he's a person.) WESLEY CHAN. and im completely in LOVE...
Hahaha! I know right. I would like to think of our kind as more... oh, what's the word....experimental?! adventurous...capricious (in a good and a bad way), downright unpredictable...add all of...
HelloQuizzy.com: Choleric Phlegmatic  Im the same as you...:) Choleric Phlegmatic....NO WONDER I'm so insane. lolll :D 21 sanguine 21 melancholy 43 choleric 50 phlegmatic
That felt too good. Lol, wish i could say this in person.
Dear INFP friend/enemy,            I think you need to calm down. Just a little bit. I don't specifically hate you. But it's something close to that at the moment. I know you hate me too...but,...
Lol, as long as you have some people who love you for who you are, the people who are indifferent/ hate you don't really matter. :) yes, im being a hypocrite right now... but...GAHHH. don't question...
haha, I'll start one soon. :) and thanks.
mine's not. but that is because there is a huge misunderstanding, and he slightly refuses to hear my side...  well, i guess i shoulda seen that coming. either that or he knows what's going on, and...
Why does it not surprise me that INFPs have been named the most for Mostly like to cry for no reason hahaha XD
I think it's best to share your feelings. I dont care how ridiculous your feelings are. But then again, I'm an ENFx who pretty much spills all her problems to someone. Everybody responds to things in...
I wish i knew how to keep myself from doing stupid things. i mean, i know that's really vague, but i do some REALLY DUMB STUFF that i have no idea how to deal with. the only thing i get out of them...
i do too. dont worry about it. The heart doesn't lie. If you love him, then you love him. simple as that :) and one more thing. If you love someone, DON'T EVER care about what others might say. If...
I dont believe in sex before marriage. I'm 16.   Don't you wish your daughter was smart like me? - Jamie08 original   ^^ lol, jk. :D
Most of you say that it's not that easy to get you mad...in that case, what types of circumstances push you to that level? Like, what happened in order for you to explode/implode? How bad was it? It...
im just curious... if you do get mad...you infps hold grudges for a long time? I think they do. Im just saying wat ive seen in infps i know, which is quite a deep grudge for quite a long time... and...
Im an enfp... apparently im supposed to get along with infjs but...i havent met one that i can easily get along with yet... have yall ever hated enfps?'"


3642: 'my neck, obviously.   haha jk. Mmm, I'd donate my blood to vampires on famine
def vampire, but like Gary oldman's dracula.
This isn't controversial, but I find Critical Pedagogy to have a very sixish nature. Liberating yourself from chains of the opressers, from fear of freedom, from deshumanization to humanization, to...
I chose envy and sloth. I work hard in my studies, volunteering, etc, I'm very considerate and blah, blah, blah, BUT it takes me a lot of effort to start doing things. Lots of it is procrastination,...
1. Shorter, they're playful and all-rounders.  2. The thicker the better.  3. Thrusting is a must, but shorties are good for some of the hardest techniques; it's all about skill, not stamina!  4....
Fe is not kindness.
That's such an achievement!
I like them and their intensity, but sometimes it's way too overwhelming to me! At its best, they're responsible, mindful and passionate individuals who have very strong convictions and will always...
I think your friend blew the escalator theme out of proportion, and I do think it looks like unhealthy T. Healthy Ts may debate extensively, but they'll give you sufficient reasoning that what you're...
No, I don't like sarcasm at all. Sometimes I do use it, but I try to be careful and craft words in such a way that it sounds like joking and not offending.
The only constant thing that makes me cry is to be yelled by my parents in a scolding way. There's a lot of stuff that makes me cry too, but they depend on the situation.
I learned that most traits that enneagram type descriptions tell(being generous, selfish, insecure, low self-image, being intellectual, amicable, long etc) are superficial. They only work if you see...
6w5 sp/so
I've had the same impression. When I've read character and neurosis, I found type 2 not to be a very superego function. I've seen it more as an id function, because of it's strong need for love, and...
To be a fully grown adult, I must embark in the quest for mental autonomy. Yeah, money is good, a job is better, friends are awesome, family much more, but I can't be a thoughtless sheep. I can't...
Ockham's razor is bullshit. It works like, 10% of the time.
I can accept mass consumption in Christmas, it's OK for the economy. What I don't accept or tolerate is that Roman and Christian Catholics celebrate Christmas in consumerism. Their teachings say that...
What do mean exactly by power? Please clarify :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5St6QgS3ZVQ  It's a very sweet and tender track about flirting and charming people to you. The chorus has no sense at all, but it adds that feeling of deepness that...
People who date other people based ONLY on MBTI/Enneagram/DISC/any typology do not know what they want in a partner.
- Vaginahead.  - Vagina in the Dark.  - 2001: A space vagina.  - The Vagina Horror Picture Show.  - Vagina Wide Shut.
I'm starting to think I'm SO or at least SP/SO. I value more than 2-5 people's opinions. I'll do research, thanks for enlighten me. Now, continuing with the controversial opinions:  The whole 2012...
People take the credo don't care about what anyone says and thinks about you to absurd, and I mean REALLY ABSURD extremes. Okay, it's really unhealthy to base your WHOLE concept and value of...
I'm so happy and relieved, I got exonerated on a very tough exam. But tomorrow's my biggest targets awaits: macroeconomics and qualitative research.
Regarding school massacres, I think the majority of people are very ignorant because they only debate about the right to use a weapon. They forget that it's bullying and discrimination the triggers...
I do stand out of the crowd. My responsibility, work ethic, organization skills and enthusiasm leads people out of apathy and uncertainty. However, I don't always like to be a leader, a pioneer or...
I collect lots of info about Final Fantasy, movies (film junkie) and politics, but the latter is because of my career.  And I constantly search random stuff on wikipedia.
Marriage by itself doesn't assure commitment.
To hibernate for one year. I'm so tired.
Oh yes I do, but I focus on the morbid side. I love to make jokes about death, sex and disturbing issues. I even talk about how someone will die.  However, I know everyone doesn't like it, so it keep...
Violet, Green and Abstract Tan.
The Place to Discover Yourself :kitteh:
1) Macchiavellism is wrong. And I mean REALLY WRONG. 2) You can't judge people according to the music they listen. I have friends who love singing and dancing reggaeton (sort of grind dancing music)...
I think the need to be correct is fine, but don't hurt people's feelings in the process. You can agree to disagree, not impose what you think is right (obviously there are exceptions to this rule). ...
People have more secrets than me. I'm very open with my life details, except those that involve third parties, I respect other's privacy.  However, I shut up many criticisms and opinions. I prefer...
Easy come, easy go.   Hell yeah I'm Social last.
I request a judgement. Preferably from someone who has read my posts and has some idea of how my character is. If there's no one, okay. I want to know how I come across on the internet.
I don't know if PETA people have done it before, but it would be a great idea that those models go naked for at least one day. I'd be MUCH better if fat and obese people of PETA go naked. It would...
:*   I think solidarity is a universal value that should be in every single culture. I think the most noble and virtuous thing is to help others and dedicate yourself to service. I think every...
I think The Beatles are way too overrated, just as every 60s - 70s british singers / bands.
The concept of female virginity is a big cause of history's sexism.
I think that England and Spain should have never collonized America (both South and North). I don't care how much technology, advancement, and values they had. Indigenous people are just as complex,...
josephkonrad I've just set rules for discussion. Thanks for your warning!
I'm interested in seeing other ENFJs' political views and why they support it.   I highly support social democracy. I think that capitalism, while still basically good, does leave people in extreme...
Vocaroo | Voice message   It really sounds sixish hahaha.
Well, to be more exact it's impossible to put concrete patterns of behaviour in MBTI types. They deal with cognitive and decision-making dynamics, not behaviours. An ENFJ can be an emotional...
Some submissive and unassertive ENFJs play victim. They put their image of helpfulness and sensibility to auto-justify themselves every time someone  steps over them or abuse them. Passive...
Quality time, honesty, AND that people's help and support. That includes mutual responsibility, financial aid (if it's possible), supporting one each-other in tough times, etc. For example, I think...
Jawz thank you for such recognition of us! Too bad you retired... hope to see you again! Well, if anything, my ode to you is for being very open to such other types. Your fraternity makes people feel...
Very predictable. My words, personality, face and gestures tend to speak a lot. I'm not good at lying either, although I have a lot of confident charisma when I speak in public, which could be good...'"


3660: 'Wow... if that wasn't insulting.  My friends tell me that I'm a nerd because I like to read so much. I'm learning German right now just for the fun of it. I use words that I have to explain to...
Yeah... I'm pretty much the same way... It took me a week to get over a year long relationship.
It was a compliment... You guys are so deep, and you understand the complexity to normal life situations, its awesome!
Morgan, I know EXACTLY what you're saying. Being an ENFJ I dont share my emotions either, and I dont like to explain why or how I feel a certain way- because just like you said there are so many...
Yeah... I have to force my INFJ friend to tell me what his feelings are.... Actually, he doesnt have a problem telling me when he's angry or hurt or upset, he just has a problem explaining WHY. It...
Well I'm certainly glad that i'm not the only one!
But what if that person is the only person that has the power to hurt your feelings? Why tell them the truth if it's mainly them thats upsetting you? I don't reveal things about myself for a reason-...
Haha! No didnt see the edited version.... And i'm sorry that you've had that experience- I've tried to explain to people that I dont just open up and tell stories of my life, you have to have known...
I've had my fair share of people loving me. lol. And they know nothing about me at all. It almost makes me laugh now, except I feel bad for them...
Exactly... Its overbearing. People dont LOVE ENFJ's... they're infatuated with the way we make them feel- and how we're able to bring happiness to any situation
Yes... I don't believe that I've ever experienced a love that would compel me to spend the rest of my life with someone.. And I think that what I've felt has been love, but there are different...
Yeah.. You guys are creepy. lol. Being an ENFJ, i'm used to being able to read people, and I deliberately don't reveal much about myself... But every freaking time I talk to my INFJ friend, he tells...
Oh, its absolutely not attractive. lol. I've dated guys that are jerks, and i've dated nice guys... I much prefer being treated with respect.  Which leads me to a quesiton about love... Do you...
I'm sure that it would be. Even myself, if I met an ENFJ male- I probably wouldnt believe they have honest intentions. Its so confusing for me when I meet a guy that seems genuine, i think that puts...
Yes I always have things planned. lol. I use my sister and her friends as contingency plans. :)  There are usually more enfj's around here.... hmm....
I totally understand! How do you feel when there's not really anything going on? If I'm just having an average day i feel like something is missing- because I dont have strong emotions either way....
Us ENFJs.... we always know just the right thing to say. lol. Its nice to have a support group for when you're misunderstood by almost everyone. I swear, I always intend to do the best thing for...
Aww! Don't feel that way. At least they were experiences you can learn from.... and you know not to date girls like that again. Find yourself a nice ENFJ. I hear they're wonderful. :tongue:  ...
Aww! you always know how to make me feel better :laughing: lol     How could that make someone weak!? I find it to be a more mature approach to solving problems. You cant just go back and...
Thank you for explaining that in words! haha. Thats exactly how I am, but I can't ever articulate it to the people that are trying to understand. I'll have to just print that out and carry it around...
Isnt it nice having someone that understands you!? haha. I have a question for you though- recently I noticed that when i'm upset at someone, I dont want them to admit they're wrong, I just want them...
I love how I just KNOW how to interact with mainly everyone. I enjoy making people happy, and I'm generally pretty good at it.   I like that I'm sensitive and understanding. I enjoy having strong...
INFJ men. haha. They're a trip. Very insightful with strong beliefs. When they decide that they love someone, and actually open up to that person its truly amazing. There is so much depth to their...
No, thats awesome. I'm the same way with demands... I'm an intellegent individual, and I can figure things out without someone telling me what i HAVE to do. I absolutely hate that. lol. If someone...
How can I fix that though? lol. Its who I am... I dont try to flirt, and if I did I'd feel like a fool.  I have assumed that its based on the fact that I'm always nice and I like making people...
Seemed like it was too late to revive too much love so I'm adding a part 2! This is kinda different anyway...  Here it goes...   Why does it seem like any male that I'm friends with decides...
Hm. That prompted me to add some photos of myself... we both have dark hair. lol. and we're younger.... seems thats where the physical similarities end.
Are you serious!? omg! ur like my twin! scarrryyy! there are two of us in this world! haha. do you have a myspace or something? I'm dying to see what you look like- maybe we're physically similar!
haha. I just feel like everyone would get along a lot better if we all tried to understand one another. It would make true motives more clear.
I love ENFJ females! They're so amazing.. haha! :laughing:
Thinkers should be able to rationalize other peoples necessity for feelings, as well as feelers empathize with thinkers need to rationalize.   Everyone is different, everyone processes emotions in...
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle -Plato  Thats my favorite quote of all time
compassionate, kind, odd, funny, loving
I know the feeling!! We've made things work by setting boundaries.... If he doesn't want to talk about something, I dont pry and he's the same with me. It can be a very rewarding friendship, but i'm...
I have an INFJ friend. He's a very unique individual... At times he can be so compeltely understanding and compassionate, while at others- the most dispasisonate person on earth. He has an amazing...
I think that the privacy issue would be a  big thing.... Since I'm more concerned with others feelings, there's always a part of me that I dont want people to see, and I think that he would be the...
He's been getting frustrated with me because I wont state the answer- which is why he stated it for me. He's been trying to get me to admit it to him for a few months now... I think he was just...
Aww! Thanks for your kindness. :) its much needed. I just feel like its so hard to express myself and my emotions, which is why i'm drawn to this INFJ... He understands and KNOWS without me having to...
I've read some about mbti. I'm going to research it more....   I am pretty much stuck in my extroverted feeling though. I would even go as far to say that I dont care about my feelings at all. I...
Haha! Yeah, my INFJ friend and I get along well, but he's like my kryptonite! I know that I'm good at manipulating situations and peoples feelings, even though I only do it for the better- to make...
I've been looking for information on how well an ENFJ and an INFJ would work together in a relationship... But I couldn't find much. Anyone have insight?
outgoing, social- yes attention seeking- not really... I dont seek attention, i give it emotional, loving- of course! I love everyone organized- In most aspects, however i'm not very tidy at home...
Exactly! Take a bully for example. Why are they mean to people? Maybe thats how they were raised, maybe they didnt have loving parents, or maybe they have really low self esteem and they feel like...
I struggle with those thoughts daily... I've just came to the realization that not everyone knows how to be a good person. I think that most people have good intentions, and want to be happy- they...
This reminds me so much of my experience... My mother however, was never supportive.  Its going to take him time to adjust to who he is as a person. Its so tough growing up as an ENFJ. Its difficult...
You should include that in your introduction then. lol. I'm sorry for being abrupt the other day, my names...   I forgive people when they apologize. She probably will too. :)
lol. I'd also say something about having a drink sometime, coffee or alcohol- whatever. If she's talked to you before, then she'll probably text you.
haha! Ummm...... You could try that... but i'd say something like hey, i've seen you here a few times, my names xxx, what's yours? and then after her reply, tell her that you don't have a lot of...
Hmm. Thats difficult to say. I like to make all people feel comfortable, and this tends to come off as flirting to others, but to me- i'm just being me. It takes a long time for me to cultivate a...
haha! your posts are hysterical! I can't speak for all ENFJs... but when I talk to people, I'm usually trying to get a feel for them, their expressions, gestures, body language... It's easier for me...'"


3714: 'honestly in person I've seen 5s more frequently than 6s.   The 5s are always ranting and reinforcing stereotypes. They get super uncomfortable any time you say something about them personally (even...
elvis2010, just what I wanted to hear. You're correct, the haziness of intuition,  while a bit less hazy for us ENFJs is not the best way to make decisions.   Best way for me to describe our...
John Francis Daley - played Sam Weir from Freaks and Geeks, and the Mitch from Waiting   Frankie Muniz - Malcolm in the Middle  Michael Cera - Arrested Development, Superbad  Jim Parsons -...
just playin. I love you ISFPs
Penis!!!
Penis!!!
I can see the attraction to an ENTJ girl with the 8/7 cause of that alpha vibe. The thing is, those women can be some baby back bitches, especially when it comes to money and ultimatums
Glad to hear Sensational. I actually messed up the title, meant to say ENFJ, not ENF :)
Curious cause I know y'all like current events, and I know y'all like to read news that is brief, direct and to the point. I'm actually trying to find a new outlet, something along those lines. Pls...
I am undoubtedly an ENFJ, who would probably lay my stack in ease of communication with other types as:   INFJ>ISTP>ESTP  I'm sure its not a coincidence, considering we have the same exact...
I am undoubtedly an ENFJ, who would probably lay my stack in ease of communication with other types as:   INFJ>ISTP>ESTP  I'm sure its not a coincidence, considering we have the same exact...
Carbs, and most recently- chocolate milk. I've never been a milk drinker till just recently, but man oh man, something about milk just calms me the fuck down. Nothing works better than herb, but...
No, if you're an ENFJ, your essentially an ENFJ for life.  One thing about ENFJs is their chameleon-like behavior of being friendly and charismatic around other people, even if its not how they're...
Its called Flaked.   https://youtu.be/iKOpvm7BcOo  I've recently grown attracted to Will Arnett's silly insights, and more and more he appears like the go-to STP character I've seen in real...
I've recently grown attracted to Will Arnett's silly insights, and more and more he appears like the go-to STP character I've seen in real life.  Anyone seen this series? Its really good. No...
I find that my getaway is actually IN the public eye. But i'm consider myself very incognito in the sense of where I fit in in public. My best friends call me sketchy while more distant...
Frankly I think INTJs are much more interested in ESTPs than those estps are with intjs. That being said, I think INTJs have wayyy more charisma and depth than most estps. All in all, I think INTJs...
I''m an ENFJ. So as many of you ESTPs might imagine, I'm pretty easy to figure out, I'm occasionally clingy, easy to win over, and can talk for hours on end about basically nothing. Also really...
My dad (ENFP) always starts these conversations with me with absolutely no context. He will actually go as far as a minute in dialogue without me having a clue as to what he's talking about because...
So I was smoking a cigg on my balcony and dropped it. It nearly fell on this cute girl who was just sitting on the porch reading a book and enjoying her day. Fell right by her feet and she freaked...
most the time I just go with the ol' hey YOU DONT SAY THAT
Wow. I wanted to take your word for it when I asked, and I'm shocked. Idk, I guess I just thought I had a good grasp of SeNi and TiFe to think he would resemble any of those.   I know its never...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7OBG1cNFrg
Gilly brought this up recently, how enfjs tend to be terrible at recognizing how others perceive them. I notice this in my everyday life. After some of the things I say (mainly when Im joking...
I never really prefer to sit on the ground over a chair, but.. My little (infj) brother grew up with this weird habit of sleeping on the ground near his bed, but never on the bed. I have no...
pardon me for skimming over this, but I see some of the same obstacles in my own life. I too highly value being around my close acquaintances. I've moved far away from my family and yet I think about...
This is interesting. I see a huuge correlation with ESTPs and ENFJs, mainly in how we communicate. I know that when I try to speak articulately and in a sequential manner, estps almost always see my...
Ugh this is so true.    So i was just reading a very similar thread to this in the Enneagram Type 3 forum. Seems to be a type 3 thing. We sort of have this independent till I die mentality...
My brother-in-law ISTP. We actually became close friends for a period of time. Him being the older one (as a sort of admirable figure). All of my weaknesses seem to be the very strengths of ISTPs....
Guys Idk why but I don't like them very much. Maybe its cause of a bad roommate experience with one. Maybe its cause Frank Gallagher from the TV series Shameless is one. Its something about how every...
This was brought up in a subforum and too many people made comments about it. We sit weird. Lets take some pride in how we sit!  How do I sit? sometimes on one foot, sometimes on both my feet. The...
This is SO TRUE. I tend to be a sloucher. When I stand, sometimes i peacock with one foot against my femur. Also sometimes I sit on my foot so I can sit higher in my chair :D
Us humans are social creatures as they say. I think this rings true with ENFJs more than many other types. For instance- I can't say I've ever ended my day on a good note without having had some...
Wow, this really blew up. Well thanks for the input y'all. This may be true in that I'm speaking mainly from an anecdotal standpoint and therefore lose all credibility. I've just noticed that over...
I've thought about this. The thing is, my boss is a type 8 ESTP. There's still this major difference, in that ESTPs rarely rarely lose their temper. They seem to understand how things operate. While...
Please add substance to your comment
There's a consensus going around that Donald Trump is definitive ESTP. But this just seems way off. I want to share this in the ISTP forum because I believe Ti Ni functions extremely effective in...
I wanted to share this in the INFJ forum because I know you guys (of all types) know how to accurately type people. There's a consensus going around that Donald Trump is definitive ESTP. But this...
I'm a pretty big reddit fan. While the content was probably what initially reeled me in, its really the comments that keep me hooked. Everyone speaks in such a Se sort of fashion. If I were to guess,...
HEALTHY!   No really. I want a good diet, good sleeping habits, vitality and happiness. Those are my aspirations.   Easier said than done though, especially when you're a big procrastinating ball...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EtHUZJIwX4&feature=youtu.be  nuff said.
She's the protagonist in the netflix series Shameless. Great series btw.   Could some of my NFJ peers confirm this? I've never seen a character embody the ENFJ so much as I see in her.
Here's a big one- They lose all patience whenever they receive unfamiliar insights/criticism.   My best friend is an ESTJ. We probably get along so well because of our mutual fascination with our...
Are you not as sociable towards people at first? Accurate. Sometimes I tend to put off this don't talk to me vibe but I think it has to do with my ego.   Take time to open up? Called reserved?...
My best guess is Universities, coffee shops, gyms, improv/theatre joints, social clubs, bars, dance clubs, health clubs, dog parks. In careers (although I myself am an engineer) I would suspect to...
Here's a video of what I would highly presume is an ESTJ. Nobody could say for sure what his type is, but I believe this cause I have worked with many of them in the past. More specifically what I...
Some of you are saying i've heard of it but never tried it. Here's my thoughts:   You don't necessarily have to try it. For myself, its a subconscious guideline i've followed based on my...
Ugh, op its such a wild coincidence that you posted this. I've actually considered posting the same topic in here.   I first heard about that movie a few years ago. Watched the first 20 or 30...
Well i mean I would never in my life wear a v-neck, and i dont have blonde hair but the facial characteristics are disturbingly similar, so much that i almost jumped out of my chair haha. Sorry can't...
this is really weird.. I stumbled upon one of Kalix posts after I found out I'm a 3w2 (same type), and we look almost identical. Its so creepy I'm almost speechless'"


3746: 'When I get angry my pants rip and I turn green.  When I get angry it is for a reason. I try to remain calm but, you know when I am angry when the vein pops out of my neck
OK.... Don't tell anyone but.... Bambi My Sister's Keeper Transformers (When Optimus died) uhh.. that's it off the top of my head
Waitng for Superman and Book of Eli
I agree with Counseling. My advice would be for her to relax and maybe not be so forceful. I mean the guy may feel pushed or forced to reinforce his feelings. She wants affirmation so much that he...
To me this is kind of a trick question as I eat breakfast at midnight and that is the only time.
TV shows Big Bang Theory How I met your Mother Glee Arrested Development Quantum Leap
Ya I was thinking that because it does create a monetary strain.
whoa... yes it is two in tandem. they play off each other and make multiple identities.
Dreamer.. Thanks for the advice. The problem is I am up for a major job offer. and they are making insunations and I am worried that this can stop me from getting the job I am up for. Yes I beat...
Well it is slander. However, being a public figure I lose some of that protection. The website has no required sign up. The idiot is getting his vitrol to show up first on google. Yes... I Google...
Congrats!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The problem is its a co-worker that hides though I know it's him. I confronted him he denied it then mysteriously the online attacks got three-fold worse.
Going the Distance.  and Date Night
A few... I guess I don't know when to quit.
This is NOT an issue happening on here with me but on another site. I am being attacked viscously anonymous people with false information but since I am a public figure I can't post on the site or I...
I have  had battle this my whole life and my best advice is that there are advantages. 1. You never have to worry about not fitting in an airplane seat or roller coaster. 2. Most likely not always...
I look right into their eyes as they are the windows to the soul.
Songs... really crazy songs... Example... I randomly started singing Under the Sea that Little mermaid song. Which quite frankly concerns me.
It is possible that she is mirroring you. We do have  slight degree of parroting. Use soft tones and be welcoming. Ask questions directly and remember you will get back what you put out.
I think we ENFJ make inspirational leaders at times because we sometimes don't think about certain aspects and we seem like we are very courageous but maybe the the truth is we don't think about it....
Well.. I think it is a generational thing. I do see people posting  Married and it usually either an inside joke or they want to be in some fantasy form. I think today marriage is considered as...
Congrats Sarek!!!!
I agree with Picard and Riker
so far the whole The girl who series
Not to question the brilliance of you Supernaught but correct me if I am wrong there were two Darlene's which one did you want?
Anton Yelkin (Charlie Bartlett) older me maybe (John Cusack)
Congrats!!!!!!
My Mom is ENFJ.. no problems here. Except when I was young she was always gone to events.
I will be your friend! Yay! Hello new friend!
Congrats! Snail! you go!
Ok.. showing my age. Grandmaster Flash Dr. Dre. Ghetto Boyz- Mind is playin Tricks On me Snoop Master P.  Eminem Tech. Kid Rock Vanilla Ice Tupac
Forrest Gump- Sorry it really is motivational to me Legendary-  Rudy- I know it's lie but golly I like it Hoosiers-
Percy Jackson and the Olympians Enchanted
I agree. However, I have come to be more thankful and responsive to those who do reciprocate. I let people know I appreciate the small things. Most people today seemingly only care about themselves.
ESFP- I enjoy being with but I feel they live on that edge reality. I don't think the value of money or time comes into play.
Politics.. Life... Entertainment and Money
Dang Superspeedy!
Congrats... Man...
I keep watching A-Team over and over. Guilty Pleasure. The Girl Who Played with Fire.
That is awesome. I think 2011 will be good year for you.
Hey Izzie.. Welcome to the ENFJ side of town. What can you learn? We are super supportive and it seems like most of ENFJ's understand each other.
Congratulations!
Congrats!!!!!!
Easy A.........
I like to roll with it
Everyone has potential and everyone has weakness. I  think it is more important to build up than tear down.I think today in general more people are more likely to seek out flaws than someone's...
Not that I am aware of. I saw a post in the NF Forum but I don't think it happened.
Media. But it doesn't pay and politics.
Hello! How are you?
Congrats!!!!'"


3775: 'Ding, ding, ding, ding!!!  We have a winner!!!! (Thanks for posting this Marzipan)    EXACTLY.....what happened here. WE (ENFJ's) got asked a specific question, and we tried to start problem...
Yes!:happy:
I've struggled with both of these, but have recognized them for what they are and work against them.  It goes back to comparisons.  Satan asked Eve in the Garden to compare what she was given with...
Thanks!  The wedded rocks.  They have been there for years and weathered many storms including those bridges made out of something from the rice plant.  I thought that was cool.    Yea......I know...
Lol!!!  Loved that by the way..the screw the forrest part.:laughing:  (As well as your Avatar pic.  Everytime I look at it, I smile.)   Anyways.....all we have is what Inquiery is telling us.  His...
Lirulin,  You said:   Scroll back up to the top of this post and read my first thread thoroughly.  The same conclusion you drew, was the same conclusion I wrote about with direct confrontation...
Well.....the reason I asked you what I did, was to kind of help you see that your idealism is still holding out for hope here.  Since he's not good relationship material, it would probably be best...
Why????????
I've heard the whole logic debate against ENFJ's and for me, that doesn't fly at all.  We're not stupid dumb butts that don't know anything about logic...it's just not the first thing we pull from. ...
Ditto.  Don't ignore the signs.  We tend to blow these things off if we really like someone and our idealism takes over blocking the truth.  The reality is....later, it could be him cheating on you...
Good point Smiley.  Here I was writing.. gearing up for battle!!!  Grrrr.....
First of all, I'm really sorry for the pain you've felt from these other people.:sad: You're probably going to hear a lot of, I'm stumped, here. The reason I feel stumped, is because overall I tend...
Thanks for sharing this!  It's really nice to know that there are others out there who do appreciate and care....but more importantly, take the time to come back and say so.  In the world of the...
I flunked accounting the first go round, and took it again. I somehow found myself years later doing medical billing and balancing the accounts, which......if anyone here has ever billed for...
This is TOTALLY true.  Oh gosh how true and the whole walking away thing in these types of situations for me is extremely tough.  Closure and restoration can't always go as we'd like.  Any ENFJ...
Word of the day: Conversate. Lol!!! Southern slang for U wanna talk o me? :tongue:  Seriously, I heard my ENFP daughter using this word with full confidence at our last gathering.     Oh yes,...
Busted!!! Lol!!!  :tongue:
Luck or fate?  Hard to say.  I think the combo for us was...1. Met on a forum for a specific thing.  We got to know each other for a year and bonded there.  2.  We got to meet in person for a few...
I had a few growing up I met at camp.  The internet opened up a new world for me.  My BFF is in Australia.  Had the pleasure of meeting this wonderful person a few years back.  She took this test...
ROFL!!!  True so true.  Never new the power of booze on an I, until a few years ago.  Lol!!!!
I hope it's okay for me to pop over here into this subject.  I have a very vivid dream life.  I remember watching the movie 'Avatar' in 3D and whispering to my spouse, This is what my dreams are...
Me too, except I think it was older kids.  Between 10-13!!!  Oh gosh...never again!!  Ha, ha, ha!!!
:happy:))))))))))squeeze((((((((((((((:happy:   Thoughts and feelings are one in the same.  Often I will say, I need to talk, and if I get put off for a while, and the other person later says,...
Wow!  We need a dream thread!!  Kind of wondering about that and personality type.      One of mine was going to be:  When you dream in technicolor and you later find it to be absolutely true.   ...
I love it!  My new joke is.....Can I interest you in a nice tall glass of Kool-Aid? to my husband? ROFL!!!!:laughing:
Let me try to explain this for me.:unsure: (scratching my head)   Well....words are like a paintbrush, and the music is the canvas that they use.:happy: Although my taste is all over the place,...
DITTO!!!!  T is a nice break of laying down other people's burdens, and without being able to even pull the T side...we are open targets for takers trying to play our feelings against us.  Sometimes...
I had to come back and add something here.  If you and your girlfriend are aware of your types, then...that's big.  We're in the process of learning how to celebrate each other's differences, yet...
I related to this one several fronts!    Let's see...I did the long distance thing for almost a year, and married my shadow type.  This was before I knew anything about personality stuff.  Never...
Yea....at first I was thinking this is an unhealthy ENFJ and that still could be true.  I know how I feel hostessing an event, so a boss trying to please or make the work environment alright? ...
NOT a morning person, and Melatonin is my BFF when I struggle with getting to bed at a decent hour.  It will be like 11pm and I'm wide awake with no real interest in sleep and that's when those...
Where has this topic been all my life??? I too am a SAHM, and my children are in their teens now and I'm still young, b/c I started young. I've struggled with this decision for YEARS. I was pressured...
I was on a forum with toxic people a year or so ago and just...my intuitive side told me that until I completely broke ALL ties, it would always be lurking and at any moment someone could pop back up...
In Jr. High and High School, I played basketball, ran track one year, and played one year of softball.  I made the volleyball team, but dropped out as I saw how much time it would take from my...
Yea, as I was reading the other views about us, Cher started playing in my head! Lol!!  Life in stereo.:laughing:    Yesterday.... had personal things not been going on with me, I would have...
I am like....close to 100% sure my dad is an ENFJ too.  It was the neatest thing growing up with him.  I felt bad lots b/c we related so much better than him and my mom.  I don't know her type other...
Cigarettes.  My downfall.  I've about given up on even trying to quit anymore.  I view it as no different as any other type of addiction.  I turn to food with the emotions too, but have never gotten...
It's me Jojo. At dinnertime my family asked, What's up with you? I sat there for a moment and then the lightbulb went off. I said, Tomorrow's the family reunion. (pause) I enjoy them, and seeing...
I don't wish to get into namecalling either.  It wasn't the intention of this post and I didn't list any other personality types or names of others who I've seen write things of this nature for that...
I've accepted my faith, but it's not come without some serious deep questions.  (The following is from a Christian perspective..of losing and finding faith again in Christianity.)  Disclaimer:  I...
Alright.  I have noticed on other forum boards, there is this trend of quickly lableling ENFJ's as liars, cheats, and cons.... among other things.  I've read here on this website long before...
Amen sister!!!!
All the answers here are going to reflect nothing more than personal experiences, and lying is a trait that has a lot to do with morality.  Depending on how that line is drawn there for an...
I tend to listen by my moody feelings.  Like sometimes while cleaning if I'm wanting to feel the warm and fuzzies, I'll set the satellite music channel to the 40's or 50's.  I'll clean and think of...
I relate to lots of those, except...  ~I do enjoy alone time now.  I've come to see the real need of it..to recharge.  I haven't always been this way, so I'd say it's not the ENFJ's first choice. ...
Oh gosh...my parents have recordings of me belly laughing as a baby.  DEEP belly laughing.:laughing:  The same with baby photos as far as big smiles.  Lol!!!  And to this day, if I play those tapes,...
I only know one NT so far, (personally) and this individual is awesome at the hunger/fullness thing. It wasn't until I was reading here today it hit me, it's probably a personality thing too. Cool...
Love the 'bling' on your username.  Cool!!!  Welcome.'"


3779: 'Wonderful post...thank you Rouge.
That was me...walking on eggshells trying to keep Dad happy and if he wasn't it was invariably mine or my mother's fault.  Good observation.
Agreed...this is something I learned to do in the past few years...oh how I wish I always knew.  I will say though, that is is easier said than done when you have been programmed your whole life to...
If I had to guess, I would say it is an E thing.  I think even if an I was thinking of the word, s/he would be more likely to refrain from interrupting than an E.
Oh Karl...that was my giggle for the day! :laughing:
Similar issue except with me, I wonder if anyone will see the connections between the character's experiences as children and how it effects them as adults and then how each chararter's story ties in...
ENFJ writer...I have to use sheer force of will not to go back and edit.  I am stuck right now because I am concerned about the complexity of my story line...I will have to use force of will to get...
Thanks, Karl.  It sounds like you know what I am talking about...there was a lot of moping...:confused:
I went with trust is earned, but to expound...  I don't trust nor distrust anyone I don't know (unless I get a very bad vibe).  I try to take what people say at face value without putting much...
Now there is something I can totally get.  I wouldn't think you were a nut.  I would think you are human and honest and I would totally respect you!  I do pretty much the same thing if I am not up to...
I am 50/50 on this one.  I have had 4 significant relationships.  2 were easy to walk away from, 2 not so much.  I think it may be because I am close to the line on everything but my N.  I remember...
Oh! Me! Me! *raising hand*  I am slightly fearful-avoidant.  When I took the attachment style test (which is here if anyone wants to take it), everything suddenly made sense - it was like a light...
I am very sorry to hear of your struggles.  Let me say first and foremost, I think it would be very helpful, as a matter-of-fact necessary, for you to seek the help of a professional.  Thinking about...
Keep me posted Miss!  Feel free to send me a message if you ever need an ENFJs perspective.  Good luck and all the best!:laughing:
Happening to me too...I keep getting locked up...
Oh I get the irony of you getting advice from me :)  But doesn't it stand to reason that I would be happy to help considering what you know about us ENFJ's   You are right, that in a lot of ways,...
I think maybe if both the personalities are extreme, it is possible for it to be a disaster, otherwise I personally find it a nice compliment.  I should mention that I am close to the line on all...
Finding someone who is accepting and not judgemental is a rare and wonderful thing.  Do you think there is some chance that despite the fact he is accepting of you, it is you who fears once he knows...
ENFJ here who loves, loves most ISTPs.  But I agree we need some details.  I have only met 2 other ENFJs and one was completely off her rocker the other is not.  Like with any type some are great and...
Be yourself!!!  I know that is so much easier said than done and I definitely sympathize with you.  The real you will make himself known whether you want it or not over time...and if you are dealing...
Well, I would have to say that most of the stuff posted about ENFJs is spot on...at least when it comes to me :)  Although, I no longer have 50000000000 friends anymore, becuase as someone posted,...
That's basically it...I do think that personality can change by first conciously changing how you behave and think.  There has been quite a bit of debate about this among psychologist and obviously...
Holy cow!  I just read this post...I meant what he said! :tongue: Impressive knowledge...way to put that brain to use!
I actually read a study about this as it relates to the five factor model.  The study found that women typically become more introverted with age and men stay about the same.  Of course there is a...
I have to try to find the answer to everything including things I had no idea I was interested in until I saw a link on a webpage...how the hell do you think I found you guys!:crazy:
Disoriented!  I went through some difficult times that made me re-evaluate what is important to me.  I think I have that figured out, but now I am having difficulty figuring out how to live this new...
Well, I have to say that I have some similar issues on a much smaller scale as I have been in several long-term relationships.  However, when I first become involved with someone, I find myself...
Welcome!  I am an ESFJ fan...looking forward to seeing you in the forums.
Well, I'm an ENFJ who used to be an ENFP.  I totally get what you are saying becuase I am working on improving my S.  I am pretty close to the line on everything but my N.  I am working on NOT...
Thanks again for your responses.  I will try to make a better effort to be patient, realizing that all people won't come around.  I know that long-term it would be very difficult for me to...
Thank you for your responses!    I've definitely thought of this and think that sometimes I may not give people enough of a chance (time wise) to trust me enough to come out of their shell.  If...
Let me start by saying that one of the reasons I joined this site is to gain insight and understanding of others.  This question is one to gain understanding, not to criticize.  Please help me...
Well, I am an ENFJ and just this past weekend, my former friend's boyfriend asked me to dinner becuase they are on the skids.  I haven't talked to my former friend in 5 years, but as offsmack said, I...
I was married to an INTJ.  He had a lot of good qualities (why I married him), but his coldness and nit-picking about details (I would clean the whole house and he would notice a glass in the sink...
That's hilarious!  Yes, I am just curious to know if there are any similarities in my attachment style with other ENFJ's, whether or not there is a positive or negative correlation.  Either way, it...
This happens to me as well.  I would imagine it would to most NFs.  We are good at seeing the reasons behind people's actions and can provide insight that would be difficult for other types to see. ...
My mother is an ISFJ and I don't know if regret is in her vocabulary.  My mother is one of the most kind and steady people I know.  She is 100% loyal to her immeadeate family, but is completely...
Well that's a pretty easy question to answer...where to begin? :laughing:  I think the hardest thing for me is getting my feelings hurt.  I know that often times it is just me being sensitive...I...
Thanks for your faith in my sanity:laughing: I am pretty close to the middle on everything except my N which I think helps to keep me from being nuts.  I am working on developing my S as well.  I...
After reading and replying to a thread in the ENFP forum, I am curious to know if there are similarities in ENFJ attachment styles.  Attachment is how you connect to others in a romantic...
I was an ENFP in my twenties, but now that I am in my thirties, I am an ENFJ.    I have thought A LOT about this particular subject and actually have done quite a bit of reading about it.  Here is...
Just wanted to say hello.  I am an ENFJ who has come here to learn more about myself while trying to gain some insight into other perrsonality types.  Love it so far!
Awww shucks...the feeling is mutual :laughing:
That sounds very ENTJ.  My ENTJ friend has little patience for people who think differently than her.  She will accept a divergent opinion, but only if she respects the intellect of the person...
Feeler here :tongue: I know this might sound crazy but what about finding one person you trust to talk through your emotions with?  I have a very good ISTP friend who calls when she is upset to get...
One of my closest (and definitely most stable) friendships is with an ISTP.  I love her!  She is reliable, honest and funny.  We were in the same circle of friends for a couple YEARS before we got...
You have done a better job of describing what I sensed about them (one in particular) than I ever could.  They don't admit they are sad becuase they shouldn't be (stuffing their feelings) and...
I can't get my quote option to work, so QUOTE: This is an enormous challenge for me, and it's so true. My sister is an ESFJ as well, and whenever she tries to help me (usually with more practical...
I used to think I was ADD, but recently I am of the belief that I am more OCD.  There are two components to OCD - obsession and compulsion.  I don't have the compulsive behaviors that most people...
I find this thread so interesting.  I just posted to the ENFJ forum regarding my experiences dating INFJs.  I have dated two INFJs and thought that both of them were two if the nicest guys I had ever...'"


3810: 'Maybe separation anxiety is not the most appropriate term for it, but I feel like I've finally come to terms with my relationship and it's not working but can't bring myself to end it.  We're...
Tea Earl Gray Hot
Because the people who are crazy enough to change the world, are the ones who do - Steve Jobs Tis better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all - Shakespeare
For me, the most powerful sign of showing I care for someone is a heartfelt note written just for them. I don't often use my time for such things but the people who truly matter the most.
Get ready for a lot of conflict, but if you're both willing to grow it can work. I can tell you now, you're going to unintentionally hurt her feelings by being direct and unemotional. She's going to...
So what if he does? Sex is fun. Relax :)
I definitely don't consider intellectually connecting with someone cheating in even the slightest form. Though I will say it gets tricker from a trust/jealousy standpoint if it's with someone of the...
Yeah I'm quite similar. Sexuality for me is almost synonymous with amount of love in the relationship. Or bond, in general. It may not be the case that she loves me any less (and I get the feeling...
If she was just always like this, I'd most certainly move on. For the sanity of us both. But since she hasn't always been, and does seem interested in returning to her former and more normal sex...
Let's say that the open part of the relationship happened, could that fix things for me? Potentially, but I've never done it and I know I'm a bit of a jealous person so I don't think I'd be...
She hasn't been on birth control since she had problems many months ago, before we met. Stress wise, she has been eliminating things, and subsequently things have gotten better since the worst part...
Oops, I dupe replied. And it won't let me delete this post!
I've long since realized I don't and shouldn't feel bad for that. Some people just have different needs / expectations in life. Nothing wrong with that. And sex is a natural part of being human, so...
I did this once in a past relationship. It was the most awful thing I've ever done, it tore us apart and ultimately ruined a 3 year relationship. Suffice to say after all that pain and suffering, I'd...
Sigh, sorry to hear this :( I feel your pain. The hardest part about dealing with it me honestly has been that because her sex drive is gone, she doesn't even see a need or reason to change. To her,...
4-5 is a bit closer to what I averaged in my last relationship. It felt perfect, and I never thought to myself that I'm unsatisfied. To the countrary, our sex life was exciting, adventurous, frequent...
While that may be great for some people, it's absolutely unacceptable for me. Even other forms of sex, such as blow jobs, doesn't do it for me. To each their own. I'd never criticize someone for not...
Aelthwyn basementbugs I've spoken with my SO about it and she said it's not because she doesn't find me attractive or doesn't find it enjoyable, she just isn't much in the mood. She also admits she...
So, I know this isn't really an ENFJ thing but I like to think of you guys as folks who know how I think, so why not ask these sort of questions here!  What are your typical expectations of...
ENFJs definitely have a problem giving constructive feedback. The want/need to avoid conflict can make it particularly hard to criticize, even if it's in the other person's best interest.  I've...
Yeah I've definitely done that. A few times :/  It takes a moment of extreme frustration to bring me to that moment. I'll either take it out on a wall, door, or something usually hard. It's only...
I have a sort of all or something policy (for lack of a better way of saying it). I have a few very close, very personal connections that I covet more than anything and many many acquaintances and a...
I gave up a long time ago giving a shit what others think of me. I know I'm different, and downright effeminate in certain regards, but people who find that off putting or don't like it aren't really...
I love that way of distinguishing J vs P -- I definitely project my morals and feelings on others, to a fault it seems like almost. Though, I always feel like I do it because I *think* I'm right and...
alfreda and Seeker Much like @KC, I too have gotten upset to the point of physically acting out. But I would never, ever touch a significant other. It takes a truly fucked up person to do that.   I...
I think you should re-read what I said again. I don't think he's trying to blame you by using your MBTI type against you, I think he's trying to tell you that he responds better to an emotional...
I think several people in here have given some good advice, so I'd like to back some of it up and maybe offer a bit of my own.  JakeDK is right that you need to give him a bit of space. If he's...
I'm not sure precisely. I suppose you can do some subtle tests to try and and extract the types. E vs I: You'll know if they're an E just based on their social life. Do they like to go out, or stay...
Oh, no, as in being scared you'll ruin the relationship. If you focus on that aspect, you will in fact ruin it. The fun will get sucked out of the relationship because you're more concerned with not...
Funny you mention that -- that's often how I feel in a relationship. It ends up becoming a self fulfilling prophecy though if you focus on it. Trust me.
I don't really think there's a trick to 'attracting' us -- I suppose you either come across one or you don't. You need to be a good judge of personality type and try to see if he's a like ENFJ. It's...
Being an ENFJ I seem more concerned with how others feel usually, so I'm not much for being a sadist. But I don't mind being picked on in a playful way, so it works out pretty well if the other...
I'm not sure if I'm an outlier here, but I'm actually quite good at math. Not like physicist good, but I made it pretty far into Calculus in college successfully with good grades, and always did...
I suppose what pisses me off most about being an ENFJ is having such high expectations of others. I see inaction as equally bad as malice.
I wanted to take a bit of time to think about this before replying. I definitely think there are cultural impacts here. I've seen it time and again where a french person tries to kiss my cheek and I...
Because I know I'm more of a touchy-feely-emotional person than most. I don't try to place too much expectation on others in this department knowing that not everyone values it the same as I. With...
Definitely -- it's often easy for me to figure out what someone really means when they're trying to be illusive. Although I'm not always right...   Yep. I feel like I try too hard often to make...
I usually think about life, what's going on at the moment. I take it as a nice time to sort of clear my thoughts and potentially come to realizations I wouldn't normally because I have so much going...
I've had my fair share of negative feelings that feed on themselves :( It's not easy to overcome, honestly. Even when you feel like you have the world at your fingertips, it can be easy to see the...
It's funny how the society norms say it's perfectly fine for women to hug (and more often than not most women greet me, and people they meet, with hugs) but how it's some how a taboo for men.  In...
I definitely don't wish I was a T. Interpreting the world through feelings, instead of logic or information is like seeing the world as something you enjoy versus seing the world as something you can...
Our threads are crossing the streams. So, I already gave a bit of advice alluding to this in the other thread, and it's funny how you're already heading in that direction (that's great!)  I'll say...
Oh god do I sympathize here. When something bothers me emotionally, I simply cannot just let it go even when I know letting it go is the answer.
LSD's a great tool for discovering the boundaries of perception, period, let alone introversion. I for example find one of my favorite things to do with it is with friends. When your friends find...
I usually don't tell someone I don't like them. I'll mostly just try to avoid them or talk to them as little as possible, to save face. It's only if that person's really gotten under my skin do I...
Hahah oh god, what have I started.   Well, that's the impression I got as well. That MBTI shouldn't have any affect on it. She swears its not me, and to that I believe her. She's always stressed...
I have a feeling that this is something that is partially -- I'm sure F's, being more touchy feely in general, are likely to have a higher sex drive than someone who's mind is off wandering,...
Yeah -- Worse yet is hearing from people who tell me how important honesty is to them, then catching them holding back. Everyone lies. The question is, do you do it maliciously or with the intent of...
People say they want honesty, but then you give it to them and they feel even worse. I'm as honest as I can be, but not to the point where it needlessly hurts others. I don't give the full truth when...
Don't think I could have said it better.'"


3867: Most of the ENFJs here are out socializing. As for myself, i have been gone for about 2+ years, im happy to be back and would like to know what you INTPs have to offer us? im currently dating a INXP...
Hello fellow dreamers, its been awhile. Hi all new friends and hello again old friends.   so lately whenever I take any personality type tests, ive been getting really low judging perceiving...
Ranting time!! Or not really... Decided to finally stop by personality cafe and say hello to all my fellow ENFJ buddies. I haven't been on here in ages... Geeeez. And I don't even know when the next...
Type two here! which is a blessing and a curse. that Is how deep i will dwell into that!... :D
I think you should take a different viewpoint to the matter. your experience didnt have much of a optimistic undertone. Have you tried to look at this from a more positive view? next time you have a...
I would have to agree... he has a strong vibe that attracts. however... regardless of the type i feel if your well rounded and balance you seem to emit a strong energy... so he might be any type if...
http://img511.imageshack.us/img511/2787/poster70972421nr8.jpg Muahhahahahahha...
Hey P-Cafe members! I havent been on in a while. Just wanted to Say hello to everyone... but mainly my fellow Idealist!   Im at work right now. but Ill be back on tomorrow evening to start checking...
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!! Im back!!! only temporarily of course. Ive made 3 more circles of friends... and its hard to maintain all my friends now.. lol. But I LOVEEEEEE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!
THANK YOU RAZ!!!! YES I love my city!!! ITs too legit to quit! lol. Theres a ton of things to do, and sadly.. there a few Natives in Los Angeles. so what makes this city awesome is cuz you can meet...
My eyes can burn through your soul and then some... thats how awesome my eye contact it.
how about you INFPs just be upfront and blunt, i am tired of beating around the bush. and if you dont like me, let me know asap, otherwise your just wasting my precious time. :) yes, ill be...
There is no such thing as a dumb question, only dumb people who dont ask questions. :D
If I liked someone, I become shy and reserved in their presence... (did i use that word in its right contexts? meh...)  If the individual show interest in me, then They will clearly see that i like...
Im always busy, and the lil time i do have is not enough to post deep ramblings so most of the time i just read em and bounce. :D
Assistant Manager ENFJ here.   just wanted to say my grand purpose for the company that I work for is to ensure that everyone gets along while things are getting done. and I take measures to...
FYI HUGS AND KISSES ::::CAN:::: SOLVE MANY PROBLEMS. lol
im happy to know that im not the only ENFJ dealing with alot of shit!
I cant deal with NTs, as an NFJ, i like to be right.. NTs are more right then i am.. hahaha. so it would be a relationship that wouldnt last long since i rely on my feelings more then logic so would...
So my Ideal candidate would be an ISTJ, my best friend is an ISTJ, and shes amazing, minus the overuse of logic. :P   so i was thinking lemme find out how many of you guys are out there and how...
why do people think its okay to take my kindness for weakness..  I had to turn into the hulk just to get my point across.. ugh.. now there gonna think im weird lol.   oh well.. yay!
When one of your friends comes up to you and tell you how much they admired you in the past before you became friends.. and you wonder to yourself..  are they sure they're talking about the right...
I would be soooo down for this.  I already have a a small group of core friends that are all NFs with the exception of an ISTJ and an ESFJ. but yeah.. Im down..
Lol I just noticed this!!! AND YES!!! i would have wanted to do this!! I think Ima lil too late for it though.. fml! lol..
So I ranted earlier. and felt satisfied.. but one trippy thought I had earlier had something to do with different measurements and measuring.. but I forgot what I applied it to.. and its been pissing...
So.. The other day some friends and I were chilling at the pad. Hanging out and conversating (yes I know this is not a word). Well in this group of friends there is one other confirmed ENFJ.. we both...
here is my Official Welcome! :D  WELCOME BRO!! stay faded. :D
YAY!   okay.. so what pisses me off..   -Rude and Disrespectful People -When someone disturbs the Harmony of the environment -When my brothers act up in public -lack of common sense...
those pesky universal plots!!! its so trippy!!!!!    ALL so true!!!
LOL! stop telling everyone our obvious flaws!!! They will use this as blackmail..  one day...
you SPs tsk tsk tsk! lol.   shes an ENFJs. she wants to be your friend! whats wrong with having more friends.
Im thinking she an ESFJ as well, as an ENFJ, you take everyones thoughts into consideration. you ensure everyone is working in a good environment. and im very attentive. and i think most ENFJs are as...
im so over courting INFPs.. eff em! always testing and questioning my love! >:l Ill stick with ISTJs as my new goal. just gotto find one that above 6 feet. :/
look for that one person who has a demanding and assertive persona but with a twist of care-bear-ism in it!! :D
I would like to add, that being a dominant Fe kinda means that I feel these intense emotions, like love.. with pretty much anyone I like. lol
:: HUG ::  Insert Arms here <--------------
First off...   WHAT IS UP WITH ALL THESE RECENT INFP/ENFJ relationship talk.. it seems like in the past few months INFP/ENFJ discussion has blossomed everywhere.. not just here on P-cafe. anyways I...
Awww your awesome! :D ::hug::  First off, just be nice and outgoing towards us and show interest in us and the favor will be returned 10 fold.   but check to see if he is an ENFJ. lol
<--- I have a throng of female friends.. id say the ratio of my friends is 80% female and 20% male.   I think it has something to do with Attention.. and wanting attention..  However, my theory is...
Hey everybody! :D  anyways! on to topic.. YES!!!!! I do change my phrases and slang depending on who im hanging out with...   When Im hanging with my Beach friends, I say Dude, Bro, Gnarly....
how are you and your mother NOT getting along?! I thought ISTJs and ENFJs were great together, my BEST friend.. like bestest friend ever is an ISTJ and we get along great. anyways...   saying a yes...
I think my head just got a lil big.. :D but thank you!
I would like to add that yes... Fe is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  and that ISTJs are awesome as well.. gotto love their law abidingness
you and your trippy logic... great.. now ima have to dwell on this. lol
Ditto. I dislike being a burden, and I sometimes.. feel like a pest.. so if someone really wanted to hang out with me, they would hit me up.. I do sometimes hit up friends to chill.. but it depends....
I dont know who wrote this, but its broken english or something.. UGH! I wish I could have understood it better. lol.    Male portrait  Young Hamlet first of all attracts attention in new...
Let me tell you How much this made me laugh!!!! LMAO! this should be the INFP moto from now on lol.   I cannot mention how many times this has happened to me...   ill go on facebook.. see 3...
I have become content with the relationship I have with the Introvert that is in my life. thank you for all that helpful advice. I have already utilized some of it in dealing with the introvert I am...
LMAO! I have that same issue with an INFP.. does he like me? does he not? I will never know.. introverts..
yeah in the begining it was fun, it was exciting... but thats what got me hooked... now i just want him.. I would raise hell and erase mankind from this planet if thats what was required to be with..."


3870: I personally believe that sentience is something that arises most often in anything that can easily harm itself. This is why limbs that can manipulate the world around them are such a common trait in...
Don't forget. Mel Gibson also died on the cross for us, too.  Sent from my SAMSUNG-SM-G928A using Tapatalk
Yes, please reiterate so that people have more context.   Optimism and pessimism seem more like personality traits, while realism and nihilism (kinda) are both philosophies.  And if you're...
You're right. We should repress the idea of death in our society until perfect equality is reached. We have to respect that they can't seek medical help by denying that we can refuse it ourselves. ...
I don't think you meant any offense by this statement, but I had to get in here before somebody started going off on you for criticizing seniors for not doing anything (like how they [sometimes]...
Many people believe that this generation's average life expectancy may very well exceed 100 years of age, and that we will be able to achieve immortality by the end of the century. This includes a...
Where does stoicism fall within this spectrum?  Sent from my SAMSUNG-SM-G928A using Tapatalk
How do we know other conscious lifeforms, such as elephants and African Grey's don't have that internal philosophy trying to make sense of life, as elephants have been seen numerous times mourning...
Humans are complicated, because they are a naturally occurring structure of elements which perceive themselves as separate from all other naturally occurring structures in the universe.  ...Or...
I believe that when somebody takes a topic that is known to be held with negative values by some, and then use it in an attempt to bring out positive feelings, that person accepts the topic (even if...
I was one of those dudes who made jokes using homosexual themes. I've jumped in men's arms, caught men, kissed men,  talked with that stereotypical accent, all the cliché things.   Me personally?...
Fe isn't expression of feeling. It's a connection to external sources, and is how we take in information.   Introverted feeling is when a person is more affected by their internal values and...
I mean... Being 'happy' and 'untroubled' are some of the ways people have perceived me, even during the lengthy period of time I've wanted to die.  Obviously I'm not going to say that all ENFJ's...
Well I've never really been considered dumb, or considered another ENFJ I've meet as dumb.   Believe it or not, I've always been praised for being a little ahead of the rest, but maybe I'm just...
Throughout school, one of my biggest fears were that I was just mentally disabled and that everyone was just being nice to me. I know that's not the case now, though (because nobody's nice to me. Lul...
I regret not cashing in on my physical attractiveness more than I did in high school. That's about it  Sent from my SAMSUNG-SM-G928A using Tapatalk
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Kalix pop?  Keep licking, maybe we'll find out.  https://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170319/431e0b002ed1ae86f2e221eba166a464.jpg  Hopefully...
Lol, f***in' scrubs trynna get in on some of my action
It tasted... Well like a normal human mouth (as far as I could tell, nothing special imo).  I don't like stubble poking into my face when I'm mackin on a hoe, and I can't see myself actually...
Clarification: but I have kissed a man before  Lul
I usually don't have any issue with girls saying I'm gay. I've had a couple ask if I'm Bi, but I think my divine looks a Grade-A flirt game keeps them off their feet.   Men tho... I've had...
Thank you   Eggsies. Suicide affects too many, and I find it scary that the individuals who are supposed to be our future struggle to see any future for themselves... It's terrifying that it seems...
I don't agree with the belief that people who don't think that so many people still in high school should be considering the idea of ending their own lives are fools.  Perhaps you've misunderstood...
I personally don't think it's wise for people to accept the sheer amount of kids willing to give up their futures. This isn't a problem strictly pertaining to the above mentioned individual. This is...
I find it absolutely sickening that people still in school want to die. What is it about a kid not seeing a future for themself that seems remotely acceptable?   This isn't an uncommon problem,...
Well, as an ENFJ, I love to flirt. I especially enjoy it with ENTPs tho, so you must be doing something right.
Aww #frownyface
*Thrives off the random, and awkward debate, poking fun at every aspect of it using satire, low-key puns, and more awkward randomness before staring into your soul with a smirk as you judge how...
If I had one myself, my affection would be insurmountable. *challenging grin*
Tasting wine and horned riders are also among some of my favorite things.  I anticipate finding out just how hard I will be seduced
What an enticing reintroduction. Who could resist the temptations of such a game? I'd love to witness the enchanting effects of such horn.
Deadly and addicting are among my favorite things.  I think you'll have no trouble fitting in here
It looks almost as appetizing as the one you're wearing
After hearing it was a dope one, I'm sorry I missed it.   *Raises a glass* here's to the masses that will soon be flooding in to get their seduction on.
I am Kalix and I approve this statement
Lord of Fusyonthesis   Enough to hopefully be considered playful by the visiting party     Let's see how we're feeling a while after the party gets started
Haha, I can let it be percieved as such
Ooh, I like that lettuce, them pickles, tomatoes if I'm feeling a little frisky, dat cheese.  Sometimes I enjoy mushrooms, cuz I like to think I'm a fun guy (fungi).     How does a little...
https://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170223/508797d664d56e05535b3b9921303491.jpg  I'll treasure this offering til the day this thread is closed. Would you be interested in joining me for some drinks?
Well I guess I'm just gonna have to please all these ladies.    Seducible ENFJ male; ready to to play
*One glass of wine down*   Hey! It's not our fault people wrongly believe INFJs are more interesting than us
Why, that sounds smashing! I believe I'm starting to build up an appetite
I recieve a mention, but all these rather dope individuals somehow were missed? How?
Nah. Sorry, but it just makes you look grotesquely beautiful
What's everybody else wearing?
I honestly don't know what that is, but I want to take it as a compliment lol. Idk, I'm sure I do at least some days
Whoa. I had no clue the Swedish named a town after me. I'll have to go on a pilgrimage one day.
https://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170209/c4e5a2a2f222e0c9b134cb90b805b4c0.jpg
How has this thread gone under my radar until now? Moderate substance abuse is such a large part of my life.   I go many days taking a serious amount of microdoses on marijuana. I know it's safe to...
I'm in debt, so the banks won't loan me any fucks to give.  Otherwise, I'd be comfortable with a 6"


3882: 'I have the same feeling quite often :D
Thank you for the well wishes, so far everything is going well and I have a few people who are pretty good with typing helping me out on the side. I found it something interesting, yet troubling to...
Not in the way that you are thinking.. We have dated a long time ago in the very far past when we were in high school together, and during the relationship we felt very uncomfortable as sexual...
I have little experience with ENTJs, but my closest friend who is one is normally a very fun-loving person who generally gets along with everyone, and most people describe his personality as cold....
I would say that I have that same picture perfect memory, haha. Usually art is something I can escape to, or just playing around online, but with my new job which requires quite a bit of my time...
I was wondering, is it normal for an ENFJ not to care about other people's feelings?   Lately I've been having issues with caring about other people because I feel like there won't be anyone to do...
This is a bit too true! Whenever I tell people I'm offended over something I always get the: You're angry? reply xD
I've run into your issue many, many times. I often find myself feeling like others will never give me the type of support I give them because of their own personal reasons that are unknown to me. A...
The intelligence and calmness.  I'm currently romantically involved with an INTP and those are the main traits of his I find most attractive.
Something fruity.. I can only see ENFJs having something sweet, and fruity as a chocolate bar.
You're not a terrible person, haha.  Just the opposite in fact.  I've always been a bit jealous of your types because of the way you guys can debate.  It's something that I can't do because I get far...
[SPOILER]  It may be that the way you argue makes him feel uneasy.  My closest friend is an ENTJ and when we argue he points out all the faults of the problem we're having then demands answers, but...
Lately I've been having problems with stress, translating how I feel, frustration due to my father, I have conflicted feelings about my aunt (who I was very close to), and among too many other...
Oh no, it's fine.  You're welcome :)
I'm honestly not really sure.  She's rather hard to type.. my current partner ( Bloodbraid ) and I have been trying to figure it out, but she's a bit complicated.  I know that she spends most of her...
This sounds really fun I might join too if that's ok.  :3 I take a while though.......
I have.. there was this one woman I dated for a little bit longer then a year, and we were on and off about 6 - 7 times.  It was emotional hell.  She cheated at one point, I lost feelings for a...
I'm sorry this happened to you.. any break up isn't all that fun, but you shouldn't feel guilty at all none of this was your fault.  I'm sure you're a really amazing person, but it might be that he...
No not at all!  The only troubles we encounter so far is emotional understanding.  Sometimes he comes off a bit more distant then he actually means to, or I'll overreact about something he said...
But what makes you tick?  I'm not really sure how to go about this question, but when it comes to my darker side I'm not a nice person.  I tend to lash out at people who are close to me because...
I used to.  For a while I never let anyone know anything about my past, or even who I really was because I was scared that they would just leave, but after a long time of doing this I found out that...
Ooooh, thank you!  :happy:
You're very welcome! I hope it works out for the best for you.  :) I used to be quite similar to you when being scared of bluntness, but if you're not blunt then neither of you will know what...
Why don't we make one?  I know the INTPs use tiny chat.  I'm sure we could do that as well, and maybe even get someone to make a thread about it.  Every time we go on just post on the thread that...
The blood of those poor innocent women will be on your hands when I hulk-out.
1. How romantic would you consider yourself?  Very, I thrive off of romance in a way, and I also give it in return to the best of my abilities.  It may be something small like good morning kisses,...
I'm involved with an INTP romantically right now, and it's by far the best relationship I've had.  He'll explain things I don't understand logically, and I'll do the same in turn when he's having...
Oh gosh, my boyfriend ( Bloodbraid ) talks to many people.  He went to a party for one of his exes and I freaked out, but never said so for almost 5 days.  In the end I freaked out at him when he...
Ermergurrd!  I can relate to everything here except for 2..  I get angry pretty quickly haha.
I send many internet hugs, and hope you feel better haha. *hugshugshugs*
From everything you've said I wouldn't give up at all.  She sounds interested in you but judging by the body language you've given her she seems like maybe she's feeling used possibly.  To her it...
First I break down a door since I had no idea it was locked, then my friend gets hit by another car with me in the passenger side, then my friend can't give me a ride since he's too scared of his...
A pizza!
I'm pretty bold with my romantic declaration but when I've been rejected I take a hint.  I never usually say I'm interested in someone right away .. I wait for the right time when both of us know...
An ENFJ and an INTP would make a nice couple because they can both teach each other amazing things!  However, the only problems that I've ever encountered (dating an INTP currently) is the lack of...
I guess it depends on what the situation is for me.  It seems lately the more stressful the situation is the less I can control my emotions, and during arguments my anger tends to let my emotions on...
I get people who do this all the time to me, but mostly at work.  They will flat out tell me they dislike me (Which I'm fine with, but I still act professional about it by not starting any drama) and...
My immediate family is pretty dysfunctional, and my extended is fairly distant but from what I've gathered over the years they all happen to be more normal then mine.    My parents are divorced and...
That seems normal to me honestly.  During high school, work, and pretty much anywhere that's the same for me.  I also find people being nice to me because I come off as too nice  I'm not sure if...
There was this girl I was dating, and she loved playing with my feelings.  When I finally had the guts to let her go she freaked out on me and guilt tripped me for days.  One day I got so annoyed...
I have bruises all over proving I am clumsy. :(
I guess, be blunt with her.  I went through a phase where I would do something similar about art for a short time, and my best friend pulled me aside one day and told me what I was doing wrong.  He...
Haha!  That's awesome :)  'Blinking' would be very fun indeed.  I had an idea for a villian once where she had a 'blinking' ability but she used it on other things rather then herself.  For example,...
Haha xD  Yess!  Super speed, and my identity would be Fast Forward :) (I actually pen and paper RP and I play this character :o)
Oh goodness!  I hoard so many things for sentimental reasons ... whether it be music, drawings, scraps of paper, a poem, texts, or even bottles.  I have little things I like to bring with me...
I find INTPs enjoyable.  My boyfriend is an INTP and we've had our fights, moments of terror, and unbelievable happiness.  He teaches me things I've never really known about, and the more information...
We're going to be good friends *droll*  haha xD Let's seeee...  Comics: Pretty much anything Marvel as well, (Mostly Spiderman, older Spider Girl, Avengers, Captain America.) Anything with the...
Yes there is, unfortunately I haven't had much time to get on and look around more because of work.  From what I have seen I like this site a lot, and comic/games!?    May I ask, what sorts of...
Hello!  *Over dramatic hand wave*
Why thank you!  :)'"


3889: 'Wow, pretty mature response from both of you glenda and Tridentus   Prettty unbelievable. I don't think I'm an ENFP...more ENFJ I think but who ever knows anymore :P But regardless, I think its a...
m_dogg yeah I didn't mean that when I said most ISFP's...sorry guys! I noticed your post earlier and I admire that you have taken that step to watch out for manipulation. Most people don't care...
Actually the book is called In Sheep's Clothing and it is by Dr. George K. Simon...I looked up books on manipulation while dating the ISFP because she was screwing with my head so much and then i...
Type B  Thanks for not taking my post as an attack...and thank you for responding nicely because you could have freaked out at me :)  Here is my take on things:  On a slightly different note,...
ENFJ here...my experience with ISFP's has been all negative. I can intuitively sense when people are being manipulative and I have consciously removed that sort of behaviour from my life...so I can...
Thanks! I have had some really wonderful teachers thankfully. But I guess I just wanted to reassure you that there is a light at the end of the tunnel...I live very vulnerably now...so I feel it when...
The way I have found to deal with being rejected once you open up is to be open with everyone. I have made my life such an open book such that nothing anyone finds out can hurt me. Once you open up...
My experience with ISFP's has been mixed. I find I get frustrated with the illogic in their behaviour and the fact that if they are very private, they may harbor negative and unrealistic views about...
Epic post...I can relate.
I say take a chance! :) I mean...I think you should...cuz otherwise you will be left wondering all the time. If it doesn't work out at least you know you tried and then you can start looking...
The fact that they whip you into the present moment. Keeps me grounded. They're fun :)  Their memories and the things they notice are pretty cool. I usually only remember things that I have an...
Dont you just love it when you finish writing your message and just as you are about to press send your computer decides to freak out...haha alright round two!  Kaly cool name btw! :) You said some...
Okay...so I am a male ENFJ who has goals of one day being an amazing father and husband :blushed:  DONT LAUGH...I know you wont :P Okay but that said, as a guy putting so much effort into...
wow...interesting thread...im a bit more open with my feelings than your classic ENFJ but here goes:  If there is someone im interested in, I generally spend more time with the person than anyone...
I am fascinated by this question in my own life. I want to pursue my own path but I am aware that doing that means I have to limit my interactions with people in my direct environment...then the...
Alright well here's the deal. You deserve better than that. If you allow her to treat you that way, then in theory by you sticking around you are letting her know that that kind of behavior is okay-...
I think you know the answer to that...
<3 isfjs <3
@Mendi the ISFJ  A little about me...dangerous question. I could talk for days! :P haha jk... I've had a pretty crazy life so far. I am studying medicine in Ireland currently but I am originally...
Thanks for the replies guys! :)  Shadowdust Sorry to hear it didn't work out, but it sounds like it worked out as well as it possibly could have. It's nice to hear that people can still provide...
Hi ISFJ's,  I'm relatively new here, but I guess I fall under the ENFJ/ENFP category...I'm BARELY a J...  Anyways, in the sense of relationships- I have the ENFJ loyalty and place great deal of...
thunder Thank you for the additional insight. I am going to keep these posts close to me to help me work through the coming time. The reason I post such reactions and detailed explanations is because...
BlueGiraffe Wow, thanks so much for your reply...I know that probably took a lot of effort reading all that and breaking it down. I'm going to consider the things you said. Thanks for the advice. I...
If this might offer some more important information...she is basically doing exactly to me what her ex did to her...except without the relationship title...because she thinks that that protects me...
BlueGiraffe you probably wish you didn't ask now :P
The following might confuse anyone and everyone with a brain, but I will try my best to articulate what's going on in my head. I have taken the time to try and figure out how I would ask these...
Thanks for fixing my car
love it...wicked reply. I like you.
Ah, vagueness. My evil nemesis. Ok. I am trying to achieve a serious relationship with her eventually. She previously and recently told me she isn't ready. Her actions tell a different story: when we...
As an ENFP man, I have and do get attracted to other men, but I have no interest in any sexual relations with them...hope that helps  I don't understand it, but over time I have come to realize...
:blushed: All of the above  And allowing me closer to her heart :happy:
Hey guys! So curious0610 here is the difficulty. So much of what I am figuring out is on my own just based on my observations because I am not getting the feedback I need from her. So a lot of what I...
What if she resists having experiences because she doesn't want to get attached. I think its based on the premise that I will be leaving again? For e.g. if I ask her to do something I may constantly...
Hey! :) Thanks for taking an interest and for the support! Things are going alright, the last time we talked things were great, but I still do have an uneasy feeling because this is a relationship...
BlueGiraffe :) Glad it made you smile, part of the reason I said it was to make you smile...I guess I was flirting haha but as usual, you are right about it complicating things, we don't need any...
First things first. You guys are awesome. Your honesty and getting down to the core of things is so refreshing. I find that this lack of honesty is what is missing in this world sometimes- but that's...
:blushed: Thanks Bev.
thunder + Bev or anyone else- any input? :blushed:  It seems like I keep coming back to this point with her, as amazing as things are- she hasn't shown the effort to make the change even though it...
Hey Blue! :) Just wondering what you think I should do if she continues to ignore this suggestion. For me, that is a deal breaker. It is a simple thing for someone to do, and IMO there is no reason...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tg00YEETFzg
I flubbed a bit and sent some supportive messages and kinda said a bit of what we talked about earlier...to be honest, I am so busy with my own life that I like to deal with these things ASAP and...
Update: she didn't answer when i called...lol what a fail. I guess I'll back off again.
@ Blue Giraffe, youre so fiesty! its cute! :P  Adds, haha I if I wasnt in med school with barely enough time to sleep...oh, and post here from time to time ;) mayyyybe I would, what do I get in...
It's definitely a challenge making plans with her because I'll be like let's do this and she's like yeah but then the follow through is a disaster. She reallllly doesn't plan ahead. But its strange...
@ Bev :) Its a good sign that she is communicating her feelings towards you like  that and another good sign that she got back in contact after needing  space. The fact that you obviously didn't...
@ all of you :) Wow guys, thanks so much for all the support and help. I truly didn't expect this kind of response. You girls are wonderful. I am going to reply to your responses individually so as...
Thanks alot. ;) Strange, I'm usually very good with grammar. I even use commas in the right places usually. BAH! look at this, you have me all grammar conscious now!! :) DAMN YOU  ... That was...
Haha...I'm a self-improvement junkie...and she has done more for my self-improvement than anyone else. :) I have had to become so much stronger because of this situation challenging me in ways you...
:) Thank you so much for your answer  She has acknowledged her feelings for me in words. She has said things like 'you are the best thing that has happened to me' and other things like that. I...
:)  Haha an ENFP would start a thread with that...I'll get to the point because otherwise i might lose half, or all of you. ;)  Sooooo, I have been dating this ISTP girl for about 6 months...she...'"


3922: 'Hm, I think it's been a bit too long since I first saw the series to recall the general personalities, but I may swing by the old characters and try and gauge it, yeah.
The last anime that I watched? Well I've been re-watching Ranma 1/2 with a friend of mine here and there, but the anime that I most recently watched for the first time was Katanagatari a week ago and...
Thanks for sharing, lemurs this is terribly fascinating to look at. Wasn't expecting MA to be producing so many women who aren't straight. New York and other cities mentioned do not surprise me, but...
It's fine, you've written more than enough. :happy:  It's funny, I haven't seen too many people who are big fans of Smallville. I'm rather a fan of it myself. Clark Kent will always have a soft...
EternalFrost: Oh I'm so on the same page as you. But at least we can appreciate the show for what it is now :happy:  KINGoftheAMAZONS: Lol I rather like us ExFJ's, too, though my appreciation more...
Lol I meant 4, not 3. Whoops  Hahaha fair enough. Oh no, she screams ENFJ to me. Maaaaybe INFJ, but her way of operating is way too much of an extrovert. I think the only introvert of the group is...
The thing is, it varies from girl to girl. Some avoid, others persist. It depends on things like confidence, extroversion/introversion, and knowledge of mutual attraction, and all that jazz. I think...
Season 3 has been really on top of its game as far as pacing, plotline, and character development. It's too bad that the show had to wait until the last season to get it's act together.   Of...
That's fair, cycling through them, I mean. I bet if you asked people on this site though they'd be more than happy to help type you. :tongue: People have fun with it and are pretty happy to help...
Welcome to the site! Interesting that you tend to flip between the J and the P. I would look at their individual function stackings and see which resonates more for you. Either way, so long as you're...
Kind of you to do for him, but not really sure what this has to do with the ENFJ thread :happy:
I think Elsa may be INFJ, though she is a character I relate to a lot. It's difficult to tell because her character is one who has gone through extremely unhealthy isolation and development.  MLK...
I would definitely talk with your friend about it. I know that I would be horrified if I was to learn I was doing something unknowingly hurting someone dear to me. I also recognize, since this has...
<3 I'm glad that you've found a type that works for you :happy: I rather like those who are Fe-oriented as well, though I prefer them introverted as a balance.
Lol what about Fe-doms?
LOL no argument with anything you've stated. I do think it's more about the people, however, I wanted to pose the inquiry regardless because I'm curious to see what people think. I like to hear the...
I'm curious, what are your enneagram types?
Yes and no -- more that I know what I'm like when I'm head over heels for someone, and I refuse to commit/get involved unless I am thinking of them and only them. There's no if ands or buts and...
It's funny as that kind of describes my relationship with my dad in reverse -- I'm glad to hear that you have a good relationship with your mother :)
Absolutely. I really try and focus on just appreciating the friendship for when it was and what it was, and the fact that it had to come to an end did not make it mean any less. Of course that kind...
Sweet, sensitive types are my favorite types. INFx guys are wonderful and I wish there was more of you, or easier access to you. And as people have been saying, everyone has a type. I look at my...
Oh? That's too bad. I would think that'd be ideal, but I suppose it depends on the person and what they're looking for in a relationship
While my 6 is the less prominent of my tritype (216) some of what you're saying I find that I can relate to, though the tone of it is different because of my prominent 2.
This is a very fascinating piece that I can see having patterns of in my own life. I feel that I would like to do more research on the subject matter, however elements of it feel very true for me.
Yeah, not to provide an obvious statement, but I think it's purely our extroversion that makes us less mysterious. We have more of a need to connect with others consistently, and because of it, we're...
Possibly. Though, correct me if I'm wrong, I find people who are Fi can be more difficult with their feelings because of how they process them internally. Whereas people who are Fe I find more...
I can understand that, though I will point out that ENFJs are the most introverted of the extroverts. :tongue:
Wow. Black mail. Very much NOT legal.
I'm simply curious, since ENFJs are Fe-Ni-Se-Ti and ISTPs are Ti-Se-Ni-Fe and are therefore using identical, yet in reverse order functions, why they are not paired up. There very well could be an...
Seeker  *hug* Oh Seeker, I wish you peace of mind, of heart, and all the self love. Dote on yourself. Note all that is lovable about you, and keep doing it. Keep appreciating yourself. This day....
Lol pretty much, as Stendhal says (though I wouldn't call it all bullshit). As the saying goes: don't fix what isn't broken.  For some, ENFJs and INFPs work really well. For others, not so much....
I think that what you're bringing up is a very significant point. It is an issue with many people, and those who are more introverted, even more so.  The best thing I can think of is to act as a...
Yes, these words are absolutely spot-on. I'm glad that you're finding a source that can validate your experience as well.  I've talked with my therapist and she has shared with me about men...
I find this to be pretty common with ENFJs. I know there have been times I've contemplated my introversion/extroversion identity.  I think that video is pretty spot-on.
Oh sweetie I'm so sorry :sad:  I dated an INFJ and went through some very similar feelings and patterns. The emotions going through you are so anxiety-ridden, and there's a fear, like your life is...
When you leave a box is it for you and your own closure, or is it for them to learn from?  If it's for them to learn from, then it's not for you to do. You are not their teacher and it's not up...
I agree with  FromFarAway full heartedly. In addition, I would point out that there are other people, other men, out there you can have such amazing connections with who are very much single. Of...
Honestly I don't think you necessarily need to explain all of the above. Not being interested is a good enough reason. I think if you can convey to her I greatly care about you as a person, however,...
B'aw being told you're crazy is no fun. The correct response should be wow, that's not something I personally put a great deal of emphasis on. That's so interesting that you do, what comes up for...
If I am interested in a guy, being romantic is more than appreciated. If I am not interested in a guy, then his actions are uncomfortable, and if he persists, creepy.
I definitely think the sooner you're able to move out, the better. I'm sure you're well aware of this already, but I think your mental health will be so much better when you're outside of such a...
If I've been stressed for too long, yes I'll get sick if I'm not careful. Generally manifests in the form of a cold. Or at the very least, I may get canker sores. Also when I'm stressed I tend to...
I mean I'm kind of quirky myself, so I do not know if I'm the best judge, but when I think of the INFJs I know, I don't think of crazy.  I think of caring individuals with big hearts who don't know...
Do not block them. Recognize them. Love them. Cherish them.   There is a part of you right now who is in pain, and is lashing out in anger, grief, what have you, and that is the part of you that...
Not to be redundant, but it's a little difficult to say without proper context. :tongue:
This sounds so wonderful, I'm so happy for you :proud:
My brother is an ENTJ and we get along extremely well. Always have. The only times we ever have disputes is if my feelings have been hurt, and while he may roll his eyes if he feels I'm overreacting,...
Lol -- actually, now I'm curious because I get this a lot, do other ENFJs get told a lot I wish you were the opposite gender?
I enjoy it a lot. I think the characters are well-developed, well-written, and even though many of them I wouldn't personally like if I were to meet them, all of them are just filled with depth of...
Well I'll admit I have a bias in several regards: one, I think it's better when introverts and extroverts date; two, I'm rather partial to INFJs so I'm all about ENFJ/INFJ pairings :tongue:; and...'"


3931: 'But boss, ain't Infpgiftncurse2 literally a duplicate account?   I mean, aren't we permabanning people for this?   http://personalitycafe.com/ban-infractions/878338-ban-dupes-nomadleviathan.html...
Grab your ass? Whaaat!?   I agree that catcalling should be illegal in some way. Perhaps a stern fine of a few hundred bucks would sort em out.   But seriously though, like sexting and dick...
Recently went through a thread where there was this guy women we're throwing themselves off of bridges for.   They said that he sucked at sex but when it came to giving head, the man was a god.  ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-pjkeo2VkU
It depends really on how you play your cards.   Avoiding the boss is easy, just don't bother her when customers are around then you're golden. If you don't affect the boss' business, then he...
Time to pepper my anus.      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blF0SK2vLrE  Your reply was late cause I was busy making this
Enough to fit a suitcase full of drugs.
B-B-But we do care....  T.T
Didn't vote but sun, cause priorities changed.   Used to like rain but it's hard for exercising now and if I don't exercise...   Well, you guys wouldn't love me.
How quaint that this song autoplayed on my Youtube when I was happening to peruse this subforum.   Music video is just about the most INFP thing I've seen.   ...
Sounds really fascinating.   Can't really say for sure, but I get this feeling that he's sorta really into you, but the problem is that because of the things that transpired between the both of...
When it comes to a superior other? Very very seldom but it has happened before with someone.   Usually I try to walk away from the situation first, avoid a unnecessary confrontation especially when...
I made this, and I guess you guys would be interested.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhkQ3Wd8kjo    ^^^ Too late
What have I done.... @.@   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhkQ3Wd8kjo  Seriously though, giff feedback.     In terms of Let's Plays, I felt like what I created editing-wise was pretty above...
More often than you think.
I decided to drop the whole Let's Play format thing cause I wasn't enjoying myself as much...   Too self-conscious and always thinking of something to say...   But for you, perhaps when I get to...
Well, I have another video coming up and it might have some less nice things...   But don't worry, it's in a much more obscure way haha...
Had to re-read OP's post a few more times...   So basically, you're saying that... You promised here you guys weren't going to have sex which made her agree to hang. However, you tried to change...
I think at this point, I own this thread...    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugLIdY_algQ&feature=youtu.be
Since you're only interested in opinions of ENFJ girls, I'll probably keep to myself.   But in all seriousness though...  First and foremost, you sound like a pretty young guy and I'm gonna...
I'd like to think so.  Not sure about your manager but when it comes to me, I'm usually more inclined to help the ones that don't normally ask for it than the typically needy ones.   Cause you...
I'm a writer... I guess???
Well, what I meant from my earlier statement was more positive encounters with them in real life as opposed to PerC. Reason being that on the forums, usually everyone's much nicer and sorta in a...
Hahaha, you kinda do have to factor in some of these consequences when it comes to living in a different time period cause it's a also a little unfair to say I want all the good stuff, but none of...
Well, if I ever left this country, first thing I'd most definitely miss is the food. A guy from Philadelphia I once met here said what's good here is that we have almost all the world's food, cooked...
Okay, I'm out of line. My bad.   Eggsies, you have lost my permission to shame the fat people.
Well, it depends again on the context of the situation and I was replying more to Eggsies' story and his description of how this person looked. As fat as you feel you are currently or in that...
*crickets*    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Psqtl41cpDE&feature=youtu.be  At this point, I'll be the one posting the most vids on this thread...   Lel...
It depends from individual to individual actually.   The truth is the truth and we need to accept or at least be aware of the opinions of other people before we make our decisions. Like imagine...
Hmmm, given you have that few months left before you leave, you could use that as an opportunity to get to know him better, using the excuse like Oh, I'm gonna be leaving soon and I'm gonna miss...
I dunno...  Maybe Myers Briggs is just more a niche topic which makes it easier to get attention, cause there's less people making vids about it.     Thumbs Up GIF - Find & Share on GIPHY  On...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2HConf1prk&feature=youtu.be  Still waiting :)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2HConf1prk&amp;feature=youtu.be  :)
*HUGS*  Don't go!!!!    Do nice things for other people?
http://www.havesippywilltravel.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/pic66.jpg  And make more videos.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXYqYZ6cbIE  Gonna leave this here...   And slowly...   Creep away...   No one ever saw me...
Muahahahahahaha...    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXYqYZ6cbIE  God, this thread is so quiet...
My stint on youtube thus far...  1.) Spend lotsa time and effort, making a video about gaming or film or whatevs, edit the shit out of it and throw in effects, dank memes and writing a script which...
Lol this makes me happy cause I'm sorta a semi-bully type.   It's not really about putting a person down or making them feel shit but more like, lots of teasing and playfully making fun of...
yeah!*
Cause of a silly sense of idealism, I think I've just committed myself into some trouble or awkwardness which I wasn't expecting to.   Like seriously man, why am I going to church?   Can Hozier...
Lol...  I'd rather be caught watching hentai by my whole family...
First and foremost, welcome to our forum! :)   But from reading your stuff, seems like to me that he's not the sorta friend you would want to have so much around.   I'm not sure if this is so...
I have moments like this but...   In my case, I was trying to get back a printed hard copy screenplay I passed to my friend's boss, and it's been... fucking March I guess. It costed me 20 bucks to...
Here's the normal link...     Tapatalk, for my own experience, is crap with videos.
Hmmm...  ENFJ withdrawal could result from a thousand and one reasons and I'm sorta chipping in here cause I'm someone who does it, quite a lot in fact.   One thing I tend to notice about...
If I dug a hole in the ground and went straight all the way through, I'd probably build a tunnel all the way to your heart...   Or through your kitchen floor...   Either way, it wouldn't be china.
It's 4am and I'm watching Youtube drama videos...   Safe to say I'm pretty much a night owl...   Unfortunately...
Alright, finally!   Been doing this for awhile, and I can finally say it's out, and hopefully it's good enough.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yx0HYJO9aUo  Very funny feeling editing...
It's a red watch, the lighting is bound to affect the color a bit but it's a really really red watch, maybe a little maroon cause it's slightly weathered.   Haha, shelf is pretty high up cause I...'"


4059: 'Last night I marinated in vinaigrette some sliced capsicum & courgettes, then roasted them.  Then I fried some scotch fillet steak and served it with hot bandito wedges and garlic aioli mayo, and...
I'm so glad to have my dog.  She's beautiful inside and out, loyal, fun, affectionate and has the most easy going, chilled temperment.
Thanks for your words of support.  Actually I have dealt with the initial fears and anxiety I had and have now become stronger and also healthier.  I'm in a much better head space now, which makes a...
My kids are now at an age where they respect nice things, and after many years of making do, I finally bought some nice things for our new home 2 years ago.  Now I have been asked to lead a weekly...
Nothing world changing... but I started a new way of eating and within 24 hours lost 1kg.  Whoop!  Let's see if I can keep on going, for that bikini bod in December (Summer in the Southern...
Homemade vegetable frittata, delicious and pretty healthy.
It's strange that I have alot of alone time during the day, yet I went to dinner Mon night and was in full on Extrovert mode.  I love both the solitude and the socialising.  I like time to gather my...
This might be the perception you get, but for me at least this is not 100% true.  With my basically optimistic personality I try to look for the positives, and am quite upbeat alot of the time.  I...
From childhood until about 18 I was painfully shy and lacking in confidence, and very introspective. Now I'm alot more socially adept, still a little introspective, and occasionally feel a little...
I don't know about ESTPs or ISTPs, but my ESFP friend and I are frequently thinking the same things and having those me too! moments .  I think it's because she is my least conservative friend and...
What are ENFJ women like? What are you like in relationships? What are your clothing or any other preferences? I've always thought of ENFJs to be the type that is brave and takes lead in dangerous...
English muffin with lashings of butter, and an iced coffee.
Feeling better about my health.  I got a report back from my Doctor, that my medicine has improved my lung capacity heaps and that I might be able to come off it in the next couple of months, and...
This new condition is bringing me down.  I am so sick of being sick.  Tears fall, prayers are uttered, and I feel quite wretched today.  I don't know where to go from here because it overwhelms me. ...
Jesus is my ultimate hero.   I also admire Todd White.  My dad was my childhood hero... I loved him so much and thought he knew everything and was invincible.  When I was a kid I was obsessed...
About to my shoulder blades.  Longer than that would annoy me in summer, especially with my hair being rather thick and lots of it.
I'm not an American, but I come from a very nature rich environment in New Zealand.  My house has sea views out of the windows on one side and on the other is rolling hills.  I like a laid back...
Awaken, people Purpose and destiny awaits The saviour calls you Awaken, people See through the lies See the supernatural reality See that one is hell bent on your distruction Open your eyes...
I dislike self-centred, stingy behaviour, constant negativity, controlling behaviour, dishonesty & general meanness.  If  I encounter these behaviours, I can either ignore/ avoid them if possible...
No, are ENTPs habitually rude?
Haha, I used to think it was dumb when I cried too, like a sign of weakness.  But I don't really care these days, I am who I am. I cry out of empathy mostly and am easily moved with some movies.  I...
Believer, compassionate, honest, joyful, dreamer
I just wanted to say that I care and I am praying for you.  More importantly God cares.  People, even with the best of intentions will hurt you because they aren't perfect and make mistakes but God...
My favourite snack at the moment is black sesame brown rice crackers, with garlic aioli dip.  The dip's pretty fattening but the crackers are healthy.  Anyway I love the dip so much I also like to...
Mushroom soup and wholegrain toast.
Personally I have a pretty high word count, but have still had moments while out at dinner in the past, when there were pockets of silence.   I've heard that comfort between two people is shown by...
I have found it has given me so much more insight and alot more tolerance for types which I previously dismissed as annoying or argumentative.  I can now see things from their perspective a bit and...
Haha for some reason this made me think of Dr Phil saying once Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?.
Your question raises another question.  How long you should wait before getting engaged, depends on how you really feel about your relationship.  Are you certain that this is the person for you? ...
Honey on toast and a coffee.  I have been sick with a chest infection and fever etc, so I haven't felt like eating much and prefer to cut right back with dairy when I am sick.  But toast is getting...
Because we don't like confrontation and conflict, so if we are silent we are annoyed about something but don't won't to cause disharmony by confronting our annoyance.  I know this is like burying...
Gee I wrote that post years ago, and next year will be our 20th.  How time flies when you're having fun lol.  Nah we have weathered a few financial storms and deaths etc but it only makes us stronger.
Oh I have been there and it sucks.  I feel for you.  Because we as ENFJs are so good at discerning people's emotions and helping them and empathising with them, we feel let down when nobody comes to...
My husband is like that with people's emotions, though as he gets older he is getting better.  He likes to give practical help but as soon as it gets complex, eg someone has depression or deep...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr-yQaMbQ3o
BBQ'd satay kebabs, jacket potatoes and salad washed down with some pinot gris.
Enjoying the perks of my husband being home after being away.  Conversation, wines and other pleasurable stuff.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdB-8eLEW8g    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rublV5LQ5Ds
Husband  ISFJ (he can appear extroverted socially so I'm wondering if he tested right) Son 1  INFP Son 2  ExFJ Brother 1  ISTJ Brother 2  ENFJ Mother  ESFJ Father  ISTJ Friend 1 ENFP Friend 2...
Oh boy... my mother will be coming to town tomorrow for a stay.  I must ready my mind for this.  Prepare to be sponged on financially and suffocated emotionally.  The one person I struggle with the...
I don't know if it's a type thing, but for me and most of my friends we don't swear as a rule, except for the accidental one now and then, because we are christians and it isn't right to swear. ...
I am ENFJ.  Darcy (Pride & Predjudice) Brian Mills (Taken) Maximus (Gladiator) Brian O'Connor (Fast & the Furious) Noah Calhaun (The Notebook) Four (Divergent) Jack Sparrow (I don't know why...
I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired...
I have in my collection many movies which I have watched over and over again because I love them.  Here are the top ones: Pride & Prejudice (Keira Knightly version), Gladiator As good as it gets...
My ENTJ friend said it is at times difficult in her workplace.  This is not because she's not up to the challenge, on the contrary she loves a challenge, but being a problem solver and a proactive...
Whenever I tell them about something personal, they don't reply with something of equal weight that usually makes me feel safe in a conversation. I have a lot of trouble trusting people and they seem...
Running or sex.  Both release seratonin which are the feel good chemicals.  A glass of wine or two can help too but the other options are better.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnFfKbxIHD0   I've become obsessed with Buena Vista Social Club lately, mostly because I wanted to get emersed in anything Cuban with my upcoming trip there, but I...
Okay, as with @HGy I see sex as more a physical thing than an emotional thing.  Like @HGy I am also a christian and although I am married I don't talk about my sex life unless I'm with trusted...
I prefer late nights to early mornings but I am forced to try and balance them out by not staying up too late because I have to be up with my kids in the morning.  Add to that, once I am in bed I lay...'"


4151: 'I would try just boosting your guitar just through your wedge rather than through the loud speakers. If you turn up, then everyone else will turn up too. If you end up using the Equalizer... use it...
72388723897239072391  Some sweet shots taken with my SX-70... 1. Sad Milkshakes with Mr. Boh :'( 2. Mother's Day Ink 3. Mama's Garden 4. Cherry Blossom
I'm not an INFJ, but...  I do all my practicing in my car. You can wail and no one can hear or bother you and you can turn up the music as loud as you want. Also, recording your own voice is a good...
I would like to build a recording studio one day, and possibly start a small independent label (I don't know what genre at this point). I want it to be a relatively small studio, but with a large...
Make sure you talk to someone who has taken the class, because film classes can either be really fun or total Hell. Mine was hell, unfortunately. My group consisted of a slacker, a cancer patient on...
I get really hyper when I'm angry. I'm pretty good at managing it in a constructive way, though.   For me, it's more so that get weird combinations of emotions and physiological changes in my body...
I dunno about you guys, but there are a ton of classes I really wish I had taken in college, and of course you can go somewhere to take them, but I don't have the money to take them right now. What...
I had so much sex this weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Like 10 hours worth. Goddamn. Spent a good 48 hours or so with this chick. She's super cool.   Also, I'm learning new things at work, which are't...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHZEtGS9XFo I have fallen in love with Major Lazer.
Well, for me, it's not really that I'm optimistic about how things will turn out (at least not now). This was true for my first relationship, which lasted about 3 months too long, but not so much for...
I lol'd really hard when I read this.   I think it's a fun ritual to name your pieces, but ya know... different strokes for different folks.
Cognitive Process Level of Development (Preference, Skill and Frequency of Use)   extraverted Sensing (Se)  *******************  (19.3) limited use   introverted Sensing (Si)
If I lose something, no matter how small (i.e. chap stick, bic lighters, et cetera), I feel incomplete for a while. I think it's mostly because I am so organized and losing something makes me feel...
I feel like I've seen this topic come up a lot. Considering how many people I know who are polyamorous and frequently participate in casual relationships, I don't think it has THAT MUCH to do with...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLw-9dpHtcU This guy makes spiders seem very cute and hilarious.
I will say I love to party, and I like crazy parties; however, I'm not the type that will JUST stand around talking or JUST dance all night. I like to mix it up. Basically, I hate clubs (you can't...
6695666957  Within the past two years I've become a polaroid enthusiast, because I found a $3 camera at a thrift store. Thought I would share some great shots I got.   The first one is the light...
Glad to see this thread is a hit! :proud:
So I know we have a rant thread, but why don't we have an So this awesome thing happened to me thread?   I'll start.   I've been working at a new job called Snap-Wall, which is an acoustics...
I do the same thing, but I don't think of the stuff I learn on the interwebs as not what I should be learning. You should learn whatever your heart fucking desires!! Which apparently you do, and I...
I do actively try and forget about girls who are unattainable in some way (straight, out of my league, et cetera) and it works pretty well, generally, in the sense that I do not actively try and get...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7kcAaAu4jU Hendrix, Morrison, and Robert Plant had a love child named GRAVEYARD. Dude, his lower vocal register sounds like Morrison, but when he belts he sounds...
I think I saw this video on Vimeo a few years ago. Pretty sure it was after my first break up, which makes a lot of sense. Thanks for posting I totally forgot about this.
Haha I do the same thing. Or I do the head nod. I prefer the head nod I think, but smiles from strangers are great when you're having a shitty day.
In my experience, whenever anything disrupts my routine, such as a death in the family or even something as simple as a class schedule change, everything seems to fall out of sync. This drives me...
My cousin is an ENFP and I am an ENFJ, and I'd definitely say we are both extremely driven by curiosity and the excitement of knowledge. Sometimes, I overload myself with things I wanna learn, so I...
I would love to build my own recording studio one day, and if given the right circumstances after that I would want to start an independent record label. I think a lot of things would have to...
For me, there have been two or three occasions when I've been extremely forward with people (because I accidentally all the alcohol tsk tsk), but during those times it's been because I really like...
I think the whole sleeping in thing is more of a personal preference (even though I failed today haha). I just feel really bad if I waste half the day in bed.   When I run I get this weird chemical...
I used to plan things pretty precisely when I was in school, because each semester my schedule would change so drastically and it was a real pain in my ass to get back in the groove. Now that I'm not...
I don't know you at all, but higher education isn't always the best route. People believe it's some golden ticket to a life of success, but it's not. If you do it right, you can get a valuable...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlVBg7_08n0 Macklemore knows what's up...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MS91knuzoOA I was depressed for a good 2 week the first time I watched this :/  Also, Eddie Vedder looks like the devil in that frame...
Trying to take charge of a situation. I'm engineering and mixing a hip hop project. It's $50 an hour for session time and I stupidly agreed to do mixing for free. I felt bad about changing my mind...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIS2U8grY1E I think this whole album is a freaking masterpiece, but this song is one of her angrier/weirder songs. The reason why I love this song is that she's not...
I suppose this might work. I dunno
You get used to it. It takes a few weeks to adjust to what they expect from you (as in expectations in efficiency), but they give you time to adjust to this. It's just really convenient for school...
Yes it is the internet assessor, and no you shouldn't need a cover letter, but you do need to pass a practical exam to get the job.
Musical saw is awesome. The first time I experienced musical saw was in an Amanda Palmer video. I can't remember what the song was called, though :/
Mmmhmm.
There is a company I've been working for called Lionbridge. Basically it's for search engine efficiency and relevancy (specifically google). You can work up to 20 hours a week and they pay $13.50/per...
That's awesome that you play steel drums. I've never been any good with percussion instruments. The closest I get to playing a rhythm instrument is bass, but even still I'm not very good haha.  ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxYnpuuuCT0  The industrial feel is a sexy touch to a song that was already sexy.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27pXUfI60Ug  Also, the sexiest songs off one...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dysG12QCdTA  Is this not the cutest gay love story ever???
I wanted to be a music major in school when I first began, but I'm a writer and not a performer, so that set me back quite a bit. I do want to tackle my fears of performing though.  Hmm... that's...
Do you know their types?   Also, seems like there's little talk of music around here, but I have seen a lot of writers. I started off writing poetry, and that quickly developed into music once I...
My friends and I will throw full-blown parties generally. It can be really stressful if you're the host (at least for me it is). We play lots of games and are always inviting new people. Recently,...
I am an Audio Engineer/Musician. I was wondering if this was common among ENFJs? Specifically on this board. I am seeking out music and audio production professionally, but even if you aren't seeking...
LOL I am South Korean, but my friends have this ongoing joke that I am a North Korean sleeper cell. Hahahahahaha! It's good fun.  Edit: I have no idea why I thought this was relevant to your post....
I am 6w7, 4w5, 1w9  according to the test provided on PerC. I took another one that was through some company, and I came out to be a 2 with balanced wings, but after reading a little more I...'"


4164: 'oldest of the siblings i have lived with. i am the only child between my mom and dad but my mom went on to have two other children..my dad had another kid before me...i dont remember if she is...
lol yeaaah this is the place for that =P pit stop :wink:
i LOVE the adrenaline rush but...im super scared....of stupid things like..dying from a roller coaster ^^: so i get super excited to go on them but when standing in line i start to get cold feet and...
lol its not so bad..but when you come into humboldt county from the east like, you come down a mountain and you can see your about to enter a fog bank. we have AWESOME zombie weather...often. right...
lol you two...its going to be lonely around here if you two stop posting :blushed:
right there. me too. its the same. thing. always. your not being challenged. i read that we need to be challenged in order to keep our interest ^^; but it cant just be mental or physical challenge it...
lol your more than welcome to come up here and hang  but i have to say i have a pretty full house at the moment...xD and next week it will be more so....also gotta be careful of humboldt because...
*hugs back* ^^
T_________________________T <- ultimate sad face ever.  my coworker just walked by and saw my picture on here and said why does your nose look so much bigger in pictures   T____T i hate my...
response to the bit about hugging in your earlier post: i used to seem stand off-ish but in reality i was afraid of being hurt....now...i love hugging people ^^ and being close to them in...
Sorry that your sad T__T feel better! its only 11 more days!! ^^ im sure all the happiness will make you forget being sad once she is actually there =3
I do the EXACT same thing. i always thought it was my way of getting under their skin, a lot of people find it attractive....   to me when im around someone i really like, unless i have known them...
oh i know ^^ i mean it really is good to go on to do better things..or not.. i mean that depends on what makes you happy XD
loud music as i walk or jog for exercise or to get where im going..helps move time along. i agree with listenin to music in the mornin to get energy ^^   i used to play music while i slept too,...
^^ its awesome that your doing something with your life xD im kinda stuck..at the moment..so  i figure why not just enjoy it xD
^^; dont do things that can damage your health..:shocked:.silly.. ^^
i understand that one...being upset makes me more upset >.<
First time i ever smoked i felt like i was under a strobe light XD it was me blinking...>.<;; also i couldnt stop trying to tell everyone how i felt..xD but now its just to relax and help me sleep...
man up here..everyone is bi or gay or i dont even..xD but about 90% of us smoke. its all good   also im the queen of validation xD  i can make anything valid and convince almost anyone of anything...
Indeed, i find that when smoking unless something like food is involved..unless i really want to do it...it doesnt get done...^^:
lol we are pretty far up here..but we are known for ...ya know....the stuff we smoke....when i went to missouri ( dont go there...) i was asked by everyone i met if i had stuff to sell >.<;; even got...
lol thankfully society hasnt brainwashed me too much =P i do feel out of sorts at times like im lost or fallen out of the main stream of things..but..i have friends and they usually help to make me...
well.....its complicated guy..=P lets just say if i was born in a male body i would be in your exact situation...but i was born with a female body...so....eh....i think like a guy a lot ( and...
:blushed: i will if i ever take a internet okay pic....=P i might..but....i unno....im actually kinda shy =P
hella for days...actually i like it up here...im in a somewhat small town......ya know...in humboldt county...=P
dude we had a conversation the other day...my friend said i love when people ask me a question and i say 'what?' as the response to which of course i replied what? xD i really didnt hear him...i...
*blush* thank you....its hard for me to smile ^^; for pictures anyhow..it always feels forced....im not very photogenic... xD
well..im in northern cali...we get lots of rain ^^;; sooo yeah
i totally space out on purpose...xD yes =P mostly when i smoke.......anyhow yeah there are days when i cant get my head to do anything.....especially when im sick T__T
.......^^; yeaaah sounds like someone that lives in california..xD
I think im the type to just say this is how i am, except it or leave like..even if i wanted to i doubt i could or would change...xD gotta strut our stuff right? cause i mean..what else can we do?...
o.o;;;; the word several kinda makes me worry =P
-^^- thanks guys..normally i pass off comments about my appearance because i figure they are just looking for someone to love them =P but it seems genuine when you all say it :proud:  also people...
aww but people getting arrested makes for a better story for the rest of us =P
I try not to think about myself too much because i will do the same thing as all of you..instead i make different lists xD like goals in life that will help me become the person i want but not...
:blushed: so i uploaded a pic...be gentle i dont take good pictures..and i dont really like how i look  :crazy:  but what do you guys think? =P (side note this is the first time ive had...
it takes...a lot.. to make me cry, however, i can cry on command xD ...but as far as natural crying is concerned..i cry at super sad movies and sometimes when im happy like overjoyed... or when im...
I think its still manipulation even if its not used to hurt people...=P i do it all the time, if your bending other people even if your not the one to benefit then i think its manipulation xD  ...
ah but see this is how i attract people =P all apart of the ENFJ manipulation =P  also how many of you all live near or in cali?
I hear you on the friend thing, I have to schedule with everyone..you need to book two weeks in advance ^^:;; im not kidding either....i pay more attention to my immediate friends because i dont want...
Personally...i'm not great with names..^^; im slightly autistic...one of the things i notice i do is, to not look at peoples faces (they are scary..xD ) so its hard for me to put a name to a...
lol i feel like i would clam up and be the quiet one in the back xD
seems to be common among our personality type......i think it has to do partially with the way we view ourselves..most of us dont think we are good looking, ( some of us might be right =P but i wont...
Tis true, getting to know people online can be a fun experience and since more than likely you wouldnt meet them in real life ( mostly due to location ) it can open up millions of new friends and...
Ooooh playing video games or watching movies is good too.....^^ anything to pull you out of reality until you can deal with the stress properly..^^;
the above statement can applies only to those that are trying to do good in this world =P ( not to bring hitler into this..but i bet he thought he was doing best... =P )
Like bunnies. :crazy: Had to say it..my rabbit makes the cutest faces just to get a few more treats...
I would be interested to see what personality type attracts which other ones...i mean i suppose it all depends on the person ( now i am going to make all my friends take the test ) :crazy:
I totally understand that! It is a secret, like when people ask me why I did something..its usually I don't know but in my head I do know..Just dont want  to tell them. =P Also I think not wanting...
i know that exactly. i was just thinking this morning about how if i want to go all out and fall in love I have to put myself out there or the other person will feel that. I am super scared of being...'"


4169: 'This doesn't even sound like they ARE an ENFJ to me. Yes, we have a bad rep for being manipulative at times, but this sounds WAAAY out of the ballpark for us. I would definitely say that these...
I agree!   Here is an interesting quote regarding ENFJ's satisfaction in general and with other ENFJ's from oddlydevelopedtypes.com,   The best we can say is that one study found that female...
It's a little upsetting, but I live with 3 other people and we are making sure we lock all the doors all of the time.
You are likely right. Just funny to think of them taking it because they wanted to play video games.      Thanks, that is really sweet! I will be ok though, and get one soon enough.
Eeeep! Is it important that it has a beard? :wink:  Other than the elephant, it looks like most ENFJ's (so far) relate to birds or cats. Interesting...keep 'em coming!
I did loose my saved games. Very sad about that.     A PS4 is $400! I don't have that kind of money to spend on a gaming system right now. I will probably get another PS3 after my next pay check...
I completely agree! Respect and trust are vital. Hugs!  On a quite random other topic: My PS3 was stolen from my house today. They rifled through some of my drawers, but didn't take anything else....
Wolves are wonderful in many ways! It is very fitting that you have Arya as your avatar! (Poor Nymeria.)
Supposedly there is a huge satisfaction rate in relationships with 2 ENFJ's. I don't think I have ever even met another ENFJ in real life, but possibly...  Have any of you been in a relationship...
The elephant post by littlebear (Thanks!) has got me thinking about spirit animals and if there is a pattern among ENFJ's.   Do you have a spirit animal and if so, which one?  I have always felt...
I definitely relate to elephants! Many of these pictures make me go AWWWWW!
I am fully aware that I do not need to sit there and listen to him and sometimes I do cut it short and leave if he starts going on and on. However, he is my dad and I don't see him very often (3...
I just finished The Slow Regard of Silent Things and loved it!   I have a sneaky suspicion that some people will also love this novella and some will hate it. Cards on the table, I am already a...
I love all of the Studio Ghibli movies! My fave is Howl's Moving Castle.  I don't think many people have seen, The Cat Returns, but it is a great one too!
My dad is an ENTJ (I am 90% sure...10% an ENTP) and I love him, but he drives me nuts with seeming to have no clue about where I am emotionally in my life.   Now, keep in mind that I am in my 30's...
I think it's a bit contradictory that it says I am narcissistic for SLOAN and then not self absorbed for Accommodating. Oh well. Interesting that it says stressed and rushed. I do feel like I...
Goodnight! Sleep well and dream of beautiful places and people!
I definitely prefer having sex when I am in love with my partner and they are in love with me. I don't think love is necessary to enjoy sex, but for me I don't see the point in wasting my time on...
All teasing aside. My oldest friend is an INTJ and I have been seriously dating an INTP for more than 2 years now. I adore NT's! REALLY and truly.    I can definitely see the communication issues...
They pick on us because they are smart asses. Also because they secretly love us.  ::Muhahaha!::
Talks a lot.  Will Hug You.
My 2 cents: Sounds like you are an INFJ to me, but do keep in mind that if you are going through a tough time in your life right now then that might be changing your answers to the tests a bit.  ...
Well, thanks for saying we are awesome! That is certainly a nice start (flattery will get you...a smile and a wink) to a friendship. I recently realized that I have a lot of introvert friends, but...
To me it sounds like a big time immaturity issue. Sounds like she's acting more like 18 than 23, but everyone matures differently. I can tell you that I was never that inconsiderate (I am pretty darn...
277010277018277002  It's my ENFJ Face! The 3rd pic is clearly the best!
Short answer: Yes.  Give it time and don't give up on relationships. I have had to remember over the past few months that ENFJ's feel things <i>intensely</i> and not all types are that way or are...
@ cali    Awww INTP's, how I adore you! So, first of all let me say that I have been in a relationship with an INTP for more than a year and we are going strong. You sound really similar to him...
ENFJ    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2yWZb3zXiA
You have trouble singing along to most songs on the radio because you feel the emotion in the song and it chokes you up!
My username is from an e.e. cummings poem and also reflects that I am rather complicated...
George Bailey from It's a Wonderful Life!
Finished Elantris by Brandon Sanderson about a week ago. I am currently without a book due to Christmas shenanigans and preparations.  I highly recommend Elantris, though! Especially if you like...
Blue, Violet, Yellow  This was an interesting test!  :)
I am frustrated with giving and giving and not getting back! It is ridiculous how the people in my life think that I will always be there for them, but they are so oftentimes not there for me when I...
I agree that the eyes are a part of easy recognition, but I think the most tell tale sign is that we are truly interested in others and have an uncanny ability to sense emotions, even in strangers. ...
Any sci fi/ fantasy fans out there? The main character Raoden in the Sci Fi book, Elantris by Brandon Sanderson.  I recently read this book and about 3 quarters of the way through was struck by...
Honestly...those things totally turn me on!
It can be very, very difficult to trust and to make yourself vulnerable to another person. I think that is always going to be difficult (it still is for me!), but you will never experience love...
Awww! That makes me sad to think that we are all settling. Speaking as a self described hopeless romantic who is 33 this year and married for more than 10 years...I both understand where you are...
Happy Halloween ENFJ's (and everyone)!   I thought it would be fun to find out if the ENFJ's are dressing up in costume or not and what your costume is, if so?  For myself, I am waaaay behind...
I have definetely been called a hopeless romantic, and I can see how NF's would be the most likely temperament to be romantics. I think this is because of our high ideals and our focus on the...
I would have to echo the other ENFJ's on this one! My #1 thing that makes me feel loved is time spent together doing something we enjoy together or just relaxing (and not when he is on a video game)....
I am currently obsessed with the song Sleep Alone by Two Door Cinema.  I don't use iTunes. The majority of the time though...I mosty listent to music in my car and on my phone. I have pretty...
Very good points! I think sometimes he is Waaaayyyy too much in his head.   Also, I have to say...doesn't EVERYONE like sex? I am definetely the dominant one in our relationship in that way and he...
:laughing: Yes I have tried that and it works well! What I think works even better though is just being me and appreciating him for himself. I think my initial worry was partly fueled by his...
I have a Master's in Psychology. I love helping people and learning how they tick :cool:
It is my personal experience that any ENFJ and ESTJ relationship is going to need A LOT of blunt communication to work. It is difficult at times even then, at least it has been for me. I think this...
I am left of center. In the US right now I think that both sides are basically close to the middle, but both want to say the other is far to the opposite side. We really need more than just a...
Thanks for the warm welcome everyone! I will definetely take you up on that cappuccino. I loooove coffee!
I think that Sensors in general are more practical and down to earth than are iNtuitives and this is why we clash at times. I know that personally, the disconnection really drives me nuts! Sensors...'"


4175: 'I have felt sad in the past when people don't acknowledge me for my intelligence, and think that I am all fun and games. It was hurtful, and I felt alienated.    I for the most part don't feel that...
Lol.
You give your all, and most others aren't like that. I don't think I've encountered more than 4 people in my life who would go all out like an ENFJ. I'd like to feel I could really fall, and someone...
What characteristics do you prefer?  Into personal development like mindfulness, reading, live out values, wellness conscious, into the arts/creativity. and relationship-minded person.
I value empathy, compassion, loyalty, and communication.
Really. Well look at that. Sounds like you say it how you mean it.
I was not sure, better to play it straight when you dont know someone.  The illustration was clear. I too have observed it now that you mention it that way. Imo, I guess the point for some feelers...
Thank you for being open. Sounds like you have a pleasant personality. Lol, I hope to not cross paths with a hater as well. I am learning from you, and as well from others here that type may not be...
I will tread more carefully, and learn from what you stated to get better. Standing corrected.
I understand that. Makes sense.
It does not help individuals, and can make some feel left out. I remember in the 80s when they would make left handed kids write with their right hand. It was not cool.
I was wrong. I see now that I did infer that.
Lol.
Thanks for replying. I am referring to the first part of question you asked.
Thanks for your input.  Taking it as it comes, roll with the punches, and meet others head on. Hopefully I got that right.
Thanks your input.  Your response has enlightened me.
Thanks for your input.   You have clarified it simply and direct.
Thanks for your input.  Yes it is.
Thanks for your input.  In general, if a person agrees after taking the personality type test that it generally conveys some part of how they think and do stuff. How do they mesh or dont mesh well...
Thanks for the question to my period. It was a rule I needed a character to post thus the period. I felt subject line would suffice.
Thanks for your input.  Not sure if its a joke in how you responded, or if you care to clarify.
Thanks for your input.  I got it loud and clear.
Thanks for your input.  Being clear and straight is where its at.
Thanks for your input.  It sound like it can be disheartening at times, but you have the freedom to rely on yourself to make it happen. I never thought about it, but yes extrovert tinged rules...
Thanks for your input. If I am correct in saying this you are like an action hero inside your own head which then translates to reality.
Thanks for your input.  You have clarified your thoughts well.
Thanks for your input.  Great insight. Brilliant. It really puts another person in a position not assume, but ask what is their style of thinking and go from there. General theme here is that I see...
Thanks for input.  May I ask? Are you implying that you would not care to even know what other types are thinking?
Thanks for your input.  I cant imagine feeling like that, must be very tiring and annoying. So far, you are third person that has stated a general sentiment like that. It seems as an ISTP, you are...
Thanks for your input.  If I was you, I would be pissed as well.  You laid out what is. 90% of people you come across is not like you in terms of T and S?
[QUOTE=BlueG;3538074]Hmm. It's frustrating. I identify as an ISTP and gifted. I tend to feel that being an ISTP influences how I am different from other people, and being gifted just makes the...
I chose to do that because I in my opinion was representing the Dreamers generally when I cam over to post threads on the SPers forums. Its my way of connecting back with fellow NFs in a way, feeling...
.
.
.
I always knew that working on myself, introspection, personal development, came first before anything. -You get everything in order internally, and externally activities with others are so much...
Thanks for your input. I have not read the book, but I looked up a few summaries this morning and it is right up my alley. How did it become your most treasured thing? Do you have 1 or 2 top topics...
Thank you.   When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive -to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love ~Marcus Aurelius~. That to me is gratitude for living....
Thanks for the input. Christian motivational speakers and pastors can be inspiring.   Right on the money. It is having the shift in your thought that despite what I am feeling, I know and will...
I do wish I could get back quicker. I have put this website on a lower priority for now because I am concentrating most of my energy on certain projects I am working on.    I view myself as unique...
Thanks for your in put.
According to Professor Mark Williams (2011), Oxford University Mindfulness is a translation of a word that simply means awareness. It's a direct, intuitive knowing of what you are doing while you...
Thanks for your input. I will be checking Super Soul Sunday as well. It seems to fit in right in with this thread. I had wondered what had happened to Dr. Robin Smith, I am glad she is doing well. I...
Thanks for your input. That was helpful. Even better if it helps folk in enhancing mental wellness.
Neat. Thanks for getting back. I am going to try meditation for the next week, and see if I will add it to my routine.
Thanks for your input. I second your comment.
Thanks for the input.
Thanks for your input. I am glad you found it worthwhile for yourself and friend. I hope it works out for your friend. How did you get into yoga and meditation?
Thanks, the clarified for me.
Light worker. On flip side, I had not looked at the subjective reality. I did look after you mention it, and if you could please explain it to me because I could not understand how he presented. It...'"


4208: 'One of my biggest turn-off's and I think its an ENFJ thing is when others exclude people in groups or for parties or activities etc. This really upsets me.  Exclusvitiy isn't cool in my book. I avoid...
I have to agree about being a selective perfectionist. I'm that way when it comes to packing and traveling. Also at work and organizing projects. At home however I chill out. My husband is the at...
ENFJ's are quite secure and confident people...I think its more a matter of us being humble. We give greatly but expect little in return.
Yes, I definitly need my alone time. Sometimes I will feel overloaded with work and obligations. It gets especially stresseful when others will make demands of me or ask me for help on top of this...
Growing up I was always surprised and floored when people liked me. Especially when it was people I had no idea about. Is this an ENFJ thing? I think it is.
I wanted to be an artist as a kid.  Now I work in international humanitarian work. I love my job perfect for an ENFJ :happy:
N its my compass and helps me figure out things and its rarely wrong J is also second most useful...it keeps me organized and helps me plan ahead and it protect me on occasion that way.
Inner Glow, yes of a few special rare beings.
You are Fake You Disappointed Me You Let me Down
Pretty much anyone!  But I will say I just love INFP's and INTJ's especially:laughing:
I'm an :wink:Aries
Maybe the two of you should talk and have an open conversation. If anything you'll make a friend.  If I went through life trying to avoid the possibility of losing someone or something, having...
Not necessarily. My significant other is an INFP. Sometimes he'll come out to social functions with me and other times he'll stay home. I don't mind when he stays home as I know he's an introvert and...
A lot of ENFJ's like introverts. We enjoy bringing people out of their shells and bringing out their potential...this makes us happy. I have a thing for INFP's and INTJ's myself. They both intrigue...
Yes, I have very expressive eyes and I am terrified they'll figure out what I am thinking/feeling!
I do the same thing when I like someone and its hard to move on sometimes. What sometimes helps is to make lists in your head about why it wouldn't work and what some of their flaws are or what...
I always think its a good rule not to discuss your sexual life with others...other than the one you are having sex with. Being discreet is always a good idea, even if it seems old fashioned. That way...
I'm often the one planning parties. At parties I often make sure everyone is having a good time and that they feel comfortable and are having fun. I love to bring groups together and I'm not shy...
I hate answering the phone when I am out and about with friends. I know this annoys the callers but I feel like I need to give my full attention to those I'm with especially if it will be a long...
What I think it boils down to is the J vs P function. If I were to generalize:  J's More judgemental often see the world in black and white wrong vs right organized keeps track of time...
Characteristics 1) Shows kindness to those around them 2) Optimistic 3) Intelligent 4) Courageous 5) Happy  Physical Features 1) I usually like tall, dark, and handsome but I will say I have...
My father is an ENTP and my mother is probably an INFJ, ISFJ, ISFP or INFP.  My father and I were always close...he would push me to try new things, did a lot to build my confidence. He had...
I'm not an INTJ but I love political discussions so I am also crashing :)  Afghanistan Pakistan's ISI and some wealthy Saudis are the ones funding and supporting the Taliban. The Taliban are not...
JoJo nailed it! I am totally this way as well. I can talk to anyone but the person I have a crush on and then I become all shy, awkward, I over-analyze my conversations with that person and I blush...
I would disagree. I never get jealous of others. Its not in my nature...if I even start to feel a pang of jealousy, I remember all that I have in my life and I am grateful and I feel happy for my...
I like it Shadow thanks for posting!!!  I think we need to be reminded about how we are good souls as well. Too many posts lately about how all ENFJ's are manipulative, bullying, and bad. We need...
I'm so sorry ENFJ's are doing this to you. It really surprises me as ENFJ's tend to be the most caring and considerate of all the types. I myself, especially adore INTJ men...there's something so...
I'd inject coffee into myself if I could...straight into the veins...that's how out of it I am most mornings. I think its because many of us are so high energy we need our sleep and rest more than...
As I have gotten older I've used to learn my T more and more. I think this is a natural progression for F's just like many T's learn to use their F's as they age and become adults.  I love...
We ENFJ's really are rare people. People in Western Society in particular think what's in it for me when they go out of thier way to do favors for others. They think how will this get me ahead. ...
INTJ was my result!
Yup I'm a thrill seeker especially when it comes to traveling...I tend to like the exotic, dangerous, and out of the way places.   I'm also the one when everyone else is afraid to try something to...
In my experience yes I am often finding myself in leadership positions. Its usually when others are reluctant to take the lead or too afraid to speak-up that I tend to diplomatically take charge for...
I love Vampire and Zombie Movies. Not Twilight...I'm talking Daybreakers, 30 days of Night, Bram Stoker's Dracula, Salem's Lot Queen of the Damned, The Vampire Lestat, as far as Vampire movies. I do...
Are you sure your friend is an ENFJ? I think its really rare for ENFJ's to bully especially out of jealousy. We tend to not be the jealous type as we are pretty confident people in general. There may...
I am the oldest as well :)!
I think the USA is an ENTJ country...its that superpower thing.  Yes, Obama is an ENFJ which is why everyone loved his charisma and he developed such a following right away. But I think he is...
I can relate to #'s 2, 4 and 5.  :)  As far as intimate relationships, I rarely screw these up..maybe because instead of being the people pleaser/helpful person in them I actually let my guard...
I tend to do this as a way of thinking outloud about how much is on my plate and also as a way to organize myself as I am such a multitasker and I like scheduling things. I think its the J part of...
ENFJ's are deeply caring in their friendships and greatly value harmony. We get our satisfactions from going out of our way to help others which many in today's world find unusual and interpret as...
Ireland is an ENFJ.  --Everybody loves Ireland they are a fun loving people who want to be liked and everyone likes them. They are outgoing and they have Irish pubs and satellite communities...
Well to be blunt about it...you just rejected him and broke his heart.Obviously he needs time to heal. He's not mad, he's healing a broken heart. Also some guys are friends with women simply because...
It must be an ENFJ thing because I love music across the board...I can listen to Trance, 90's, 80's, 70's 60's,  Classical, Rap, Jazz, Arabic music, Swing, Turkish Music, Spanish Music, Flamenco,...
Summer Thunderstorms Going out to a new restaurant or trying a new receipe at home Having someone tell me I made a difference in their life Traveling Deep intense intellectual conversations The...
Not a morning person and cannot function without strong coffee! Doesn't matter if I slept a ton or little the night before mornings are not my time of day. As a child my father used to have to shake...
I always knew wanted I wanted to do as a career since the time I was 15 years old in high school and it worked out for me. I later obtained an MA in that field.  I switched jobs a lot in my early...
Knght990 honestly I would think the person would be taking the easy way out and would be making me take the risk and do all the work for them. I would think to myself, wow they really aren't that...
Knght990 I would allow the person to do thier own thing if they were avoiding me. I wouldn't chase after that person, its not my style. The thought of someone purposely avoiding me though especially...
As an ENFJ whenever I have a crush on someone I act the opposite of my ENFJ self. I become more quiet and introverted around the person, and I lose my confidence. I become quite shy and fidgety and...
1. Everyone knows you around town to the point where friends of friends will recognize your name and introduce themselves to you. Your name preceeds you. 2. Your facebook page has a cult following...'"


4210: 'I am always falling for the introverts...
Or, when you go all Sherlock Holmes on someone, then quibble with yourself about your assumptions, berate yourself for being judgmental, get all needy because you feel like you may be a bad person......
I completely agree... I have moved to a new city, and know very few people. Even though I make acquaintances easily I find it hard to get intimate friendships. They seem dazzled and entertained but...
Ha! I have been there...I have learned over time to relax, and listen more.  I, however, still fall into the habit of over complimenting (which makes some people uncomfortable) and being validating...
Ok, so I have never really dated before. I really do not know what I am doing, and it is becoming clearer and clearer that the way I approach the whole ritual is ...wrong?  Or perhaps I am drawing in...
MR. Ed  Heh,  I can completely relate to you in regards to this statement.  I wish I knew what it would feel like to have someone as interested in me as I was in them.  A friend of mine said my...
SIDETRACK: hmmm... should everyone want to date a zombie? I mean doesn't everyone look for someone who likes them for their brains not their body? Jojo~  LOL!! Amazing! I would follow someone...
I am very curious what ENFJs think about the Zombie Apocalypse!  I have talked to several other types and the responses are always very reflective of their identification.  So here are my...
Walk away sun,  I feel that pang..Almost presses the breath from me.  As far as it being reciprocated...I have no idea. I think I tend to feel more strongly for people than people have ever felt...
I work some place where things NEED to be done in a specific order.  I am the person my Boss depends on the most in terms of getting things done.  I get flack for asking people to do their jobs....
I will definitely do that!  Thank you for the advice...
So, I just recently moved into my own place, all by myself, no boyfriend/girlfriend..for the first time in my life.  I did the great Striking out on my own because  I really didn't feel like I knew...
I hate it when people ask me questions about myself..but that is because I hate the looks on peoples faces when I do.  My history is not for the weak of heart.  I, personally, feel very proud of...
The ISTP I love..yes, love...will not tell me anything.  He always seems to be eyeing me with suspicion, and now that I have read these comments I have to wonder if he was thinking I am ingenuine. ...
My ISTP friend is on his last warning...When he pokes at me it just riles me up closer and closer to a ~situation~  One of these days the tech room will be in shambles, he will have a Dear Lord!...
Thankyou... I appreciate all of your feedback :)  I really have no idea where this situation is going to go.  However, I do feel that this is one of those ~Learning~ moments.  I am learning that I...
Wow,  I would really love to have someone in my life who would go to all the Museums, Movies, Concerts, and events with me, and then spend long hours after ward laying in bed, drinking wine and...
Hmmm interesting....Yes, and ...no.    And there is the RUB.  :D  When I say that I LOVE someone ... I mean it.   My definition of love means that I accept and honor them for who they are and who...
So, I got into a dispute with my ISTP friend.    It was over something so simple as a meaning of words.  It was simple but profoundly affecting.    He called me his BFF  (Best Friend Forever)...
Lets see..I was Chuck e Cheese (my First Job, DONT LAUGH), Wildland firefighter, Flood Response, Oil recycling educator, Secretary, Painter, Construction lackey, Event Coordinator, Hippie Store...
Words of Affirmation ....(4).Words only mean something to me when they are followed up by action. Quality Time ....(8) Museums, The Theater, Art Shows, festivals, Movies, ....cultural stuff rocks :)...
LOL!!!!  Oh dear lord,...you may be the Male ..Me!  Ha!  I tested close to borderline on the T and F, ...I am also somewhat close on the J and P.    I read all the enneagrams I was close too in %. ...
Noble heart,  Wow,  Thank you...  All I can do is nod in absolute agreement to everything you just said. I had to giggle with the Wolf pack imagery.  I tell people who are really close to me...
Brilliant Idea :)  I would be more than happy to give feed back on food.  *SigH* I would love to see New Orleans.    So, would out sin/stereotype..be Gluttony?  Or Lust?  I do not see us being...
LOL!!! AWESOME!  Yes,..oh yes...all of the above and more!...OR...Less :D  I too can do much with very little as long as the feelings and doings are genuine.  While doing elaborate, decadent...
MY basic needs:  5 Silver plates piled high with... 1) Fruit  2) Chocolates (some truffles and a fondue pot)   3)Meat   4)Cheeses   (Wedges and Fondue Pot)  5)Bread pieces.  A bucket of ice is...
Dear Megalo,  You are right!  Here you go! :)  ENFJ: The Cult Leader  ENFJs are big thinkers. They are extremely charismatic, and wish to offer the benefit of their wisdom to the world at...
Heh, Jojo...You are very perceptive.  My back ground fits the 8 archetype...my boundaries were trounced on all over the place, but for some reason I was absolutely resilient.  I became very...
I totally agree.  I would consider it unethical to humiliate anyone.  I am close to the divide between F and T too...Interesting... Thank you :)
So, I have tested ENFJ over and over.  I have also tested equal %'s on Enneagram 8  over and over.  I was recently asked How does this work?  How can you be ENFJ and an 8?  This was a fair...
 Kiwigrl   You and I are very similar :)  I will find out what they like to eat, plan 3 other side courses, perfect the arrangement with the right seasonal desert, and wine to accompany the lot. ...
I tend to be drawn to the moody, super intellectual, shy types.  If I could see myself with anyone long term I think It would be someone who would participate with me in social scenes, let me run the...
LOL!!! These made me soo happy :)  I particularly like the ...just do what we tell you  one.
Heh, Taurus  Scorpio rising. Triple Grand trine in fire.  Or so they say.... :D
I really really hate being told that I am Too Much.    I still have no idea what that means...
I am close to someone who is an ISTP...Well, as close as you can be to one. *smile*  We hated each other at the beginning. I thought he was bitter, moody, and heavily on the micro-managing.  He...
Well Thank You!  I appreciate it :D  I took my own advice and directed my angst into a walk.    Question:  When ~you~ (all of you lovely ENFJs) get really upset/super emotional...Do you ever feel...
Yes, I am experiencing it today in fact ...*smile* I often feel guilty when I am angry because my brain naturally involves itself into a process of what I am responsible for, what the other person...
I will take the E.  While most of the time I get myself in trouble, my extroverted nature has put me in the middle of a lot of situations that could have gone really bad.  I used to be a care...
I have done that too!  It is almost like if I walk into a space/environment and it feels stagnant or empty  I feel like I have to move it or fill it with something stimulating.  BUT....If the...
Sometimes it seems to me that with this much influence there comes a price.  Almost a responsibility...So, I thought I would share something that really frustrates me and see if any of you ENFJs out...
I had to smile when I read this list...All of it is very very true.   People are always trying to put me in a position of authority, or come to me when someone needs to be told what hole their head...
I have been known to be really quiet around boys and girls I like.  I will also avoid touching them because I enjoy touching too much.  Some of descriptive I have read above are spot on, but I still...
Being touched is really really intense for me.  To be touched means more to me than it would to other people.  When I touch I mean it as an intention to bond.  I can tell if people are touching me...
I took the enneagram test 6 times.  I got 8 over and over.  While ENFJ fits me really really well, I also cannot deny my 8 tendencies...As much as they tend to conflict....or make things interesting....
I am usually found as the Hostess.  Cooking, directing, counseling the drunks, and keeping the energy inclusive to everyone.  I love to be the ring leader of a party, but not the center of it. ...
I love someone who is an ISTP...My exact opposite.  I act differently around him, but he also behaves differently around me.  I make him into a chatty cathy and he makes me think more than I am...
Thank you for the warm welcome!   I look forward to reading and contributing when and where I can. :D
Yes,I am an ENFJ.  For better or worse I am the quintessential version of this Type. For years I have denied my tendencies and now that I am in my 30's I am learning how to embrace my...
I would like to add. Dom/Dominatrix.  Works in the interest of the client/plaything.  Does so at the wielding end of honesty.  Provides support and freedom to choose, but makes sure that the...'"


4236: 'I have gone from INFJ (shy; moody kid from birth) -> INFP -> ENFP -> ENFJ -> ambivertNFj/P (now)  Is it true that typing problems between 'I' & 'E' come from not having a stable home life?? I read...
Contradictory as ever. Thank you though!  I appreciate it.
If you have a chance, what does your book say about which types get along or not w 4? 0:)
Thanks! I know sp 9s come in many shapes and sizes but the potential ISTJ partner (my dad's type probably) I would not go for. The ENFP/ISTJ example is apt because I'm ambivert but leaning ENFP....
Hi, I'm wondering what a type 4 (more of a 4w3) would do well with romantically? What would type 4 not get along with? I think I'm not compatible with 1, 4, 6 (at least this many) My dad is a...
Based on some helpful members of this site, I realized maybe I'm not an INFP as I had thought. Had tested as and thought I was INFJ for a few years before that, so I'd like to know my proper type as...
Hi! I think that is a good plan but a former ardent religious zealot, I am not now and feel hypocritical going to church. :( I wish very much that I could do that though because I think only people...
Why the drama?    What! You are a unique man, Termus123. I, for one, would be so red/ angry/ BYE if someone did that. It sounds like online dating where people list random traits and no one is...
You're right! Spending time with healthy, supportive friends has helped me a lot in the last no-dating months. It's really been great and I'm expanding in what I want to, though still struggle with...
Hi! Thanks for the comment and vicious circle is true. Thanks! So INFPs can meet Es- yay! Glad it's going well.     Hi! Thank you for sharing such a detailed, personal ideas for love and growth....
Hi! Thanks for the comment and vicious circle is true. Thanks! So INFPs can meet Es- yay! Glad it's going well.     Hi! Thank you for sharing such a detailed, personal ideas for love and growth....
Aww this is great! Thank you. I will keep on being me instead of changing/warping to fit some imagined person.    Yes, I can see it too! And yes even if I succeed short-term trying to cover it...
LOL! Good to see I'm not alone. :] Why do you say ISFP is bad? I think they are bad for INFP though yeah.
Just a *little bit* hehe :wink:    Based on the posts, I guess. It seems harder for people to offer something about attracting another person.  Alright, any suggestions?
angelfish Thanks too.  Oh I do volunteering and I have never met some in this arena. Oh well, glad it works for you all. Yes, I'm starting to understand something this week: I can be whoever I am...
I'm sorry to hear that. :( Are INFPs and/or 4s prone to attracting and staying in abusive relationships. Well 3 years is a long time to have baggage. That's frightful. I can relate. Age 18-21 (2-year...
There are percentages and if you are close to 50-50, it seems like you are not so polar. Your kitty avatar is pretty cute btw.    People used to say dating is supposed to be good, healthy,...
Yeah, I combat my fear of abandonment by engaging in many romantic relationships at the same time. Something that is incredibly hard to break but I need to be monogamous if I indeed want to find...
^Keepin' it real. Yup, I am just frustrated that I don't heal. You are right. You are right. P.S. 3.5 months is a hell of a long time for me.
Yes, sometimes I don't know if alone or with someone in the imperfect world is better because it needs to be an extraordinary person. Only found one and he was codependent, temperamental, phobic,...
I am researching how to find a healthier, serious, fantastic partner.  Where? When? How?  Starting as an unhealthy INFP and 4w3. 22 years old. Introverted, idealistic, perfectionistic means I...
Hi surgery,  ISTJ says duty fulfiller. Yes, that may be him but an atypical one. Interesting about INFP as empathetic yet self-absorbed. I grew up with two foreign parents in a community that...
Dear surgery,  I love it! What you say is very interesting and, yes, Europeans seem to work to live, especially the French and I'd say Spanish fit into this as well. I hope I will be able to relate...
Yes, living is hard some times. :ninja:  How would I do that-- make an Enneagram forum under a random subject listed above? New at this. Thanks for reaching out. Forums seem safe esp when everyone...
Yes, I had a classmate of around the same age as me start up a discuss about his therapy that cured him of some big issues including romances. (He started on this subject himself.) 3 years really...
FPx Thanks for the lemurs!      Yes, I am terribly afraid of being boxed up in pointless work. I have had internships at corporate offices where I felt like a small ant & it made me so stressed...
Hi guys, thanks for the replies. And it's nice to know another INFP 4. ElliCat  Right now am in a bad (worse) state because of anxiety about wanting to take lots summer classes and stress...
-Rachel Weisz -Halle Berry -Bruce Willis <3
This is what I do and it's not working.
I feel the same way as treehugger. I graduated last year magna cum laude and I feel hostile toward technology at times though I felt like I HAD to get a smartphone upon graduation.
I am feeling anxious, depressed, lonely, no romance whatsoever, hateful of my critical, demanding father (this is a very bad feeling to feel) and need to get away so I'm moving to Spain in August. I...
I think INFPs are too open. I am. I don't take time to make sure a person is a safe person because I need to talk about my feelings, problems, emotional upset. Do you have this issue? Are you just...
Yo.  I am new as of today. As an INFP, just as I like to reassure others, I like to be reassured that: Yes, this will get better.  INFP symptoms  ...I'm trying to research how to change your...
Yes, I feel this way. Since I was a small child I always thought of the *future* when I could *finally* change my appearance.  I'm female and have been obsessing about shaving my head for about 5...'"


4238: 'YAYY!!! That was unexpected :laughing:   Bring it on Samhain!!
Liberalist, Pacifist, Academist.
Sillia Rosa posted this in the INFP forum and I couldn't resist.   For me, Aragorn is in first with Jim Halpert as a close second  :proud:
One of my best friends is an INTP :) It's a fantastic type, for sure. I love how we thrive in mutual craziness :D
It's like you're my TV show twin xD Aside from what you mentioned, I'm also a fan of Sherlock and Doctor Who, but you've covered just about everything else :] Scrubs is probably my favorite show of...
Why.. why would you write that...? WHY!??! :crying:  They died, You're annoying, or You're worthless are my three.. you know.. other than the horror I just quoted, above..
I got INFP :proud:   I'm alright with that.
Fair enough :wink: I'll give you the first 5 that pop into my head:  1) They're incredible listeners.   Whenever I'm having a bad day, my INFP best friend always lets me talk through it and never...
I dated an INFP on and off (but not excessively) for 2 years, my current best friend is an INFP, and one of my other close close friends is an INFP. They're my favorite personality type, and though...
Oh definitely.. And I think the conflict avoidance aspect of the ENFJ is exaggerated a bit too much.  All the ENFJs I know have strong convictions, and I know all of them stand by their beliefs...
Um. Sleep is the best thing ever. No work? No classes? Friends are busy/I'm too lazy to call them? SLEEP! :D   Not only do I love sleep, but I adore dreams. I may not remember all of them, but REM...
I like quirky people, but in small doses. After extended periods of time with an extremely eccentric person (no matter how fantastic they are) I become a bit overwhelmed and a little run down. After...
I plead the fifth.  But honestly, I dream of a world where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned.
You, like most of us, fall for INFPs because they're just so gosh darn lovely. I don't care if this is typist (all types have their merits) but you INFPs are my favorite :) Thanks for existing. You...
Just one of the many reasons why I love you, Jawz :proud:  I meant oddball in regards to all ENFJs, I wasn't setting myself apart from the group, rather I was setting ENFJs apart from many of the...
Honestly, just walk up to me start talking about something, my clothes, your favorite book, family, personal problems, the zoo, ANYTHING, I'll love you for it.   I'm one of the oddball ENFJs that...
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3k3irrbCB1qbtitco1_400.png  I'm secure...  Is it odd that I find that hilarious? :laughing:http://www.web-research-design.net/crq/images/blank.gif
It makes me sad that such a thread would come from such a lovely group of people. You're absolutely worth the trouble! I can't think of anyone I'd rather go through life (and all its ups and downs)...
I'm not sure how much I agree with our being clingy in the conventional sense, but I have to say if anyone can handle me it's my INFPs. My 2 best friends are INFPs and whenever I'm feeling...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJiHDmyhE1A  I'm frustrated, confused, detached, but not defeated. It's just the general tune/feeling of this song that gets to me :) It's pretty accurate to how I...
:sad: That's horrible. At least you got through it and gained some sort of immunity to such scenes. I'm sorry you had to experience that so young, or at all. I remember when I was little I would have...
You know the kind. The ones from Pirates of The Caribbean, or Legend of Zorro, etc. when the main characters burst through the streets, destroying everything, setting horses loose, stealing the...
I definitely would, but not specifically because of type reasons. As for circumstances, I'm working through a bit of personal growth right now, which means some heavy introspection is goin' on. There...
My first real relationship was with an INFP, and a glorious one at that. He's one of the kindest, most intelligent people I know, and he's my current best friend. I adore this type. They're caring,...
Not just the mentally 'unstable,' but the mentally disabled as well can't be typed, and the reasons for that should be obvious. Their personality is shaped largely in part by their condition, and the...
Lately I've been a bit on the fence about my personality type, and this is one of the reasons why.   I enjoy being around people, but I really don't mind being by myself. In fact, I've become more...
When you find a solution to a difficult problem rather quickly but are totally unable to explain how you reached your conclusion when asked about it later (even within several minutes xD)   Also,...
The ENFJ is the master of organized chaos. Like many of my ENFJ friends I'm a horribly unorganized person, I procrastinate, I leave things all over the place, I'm constantly getting to appointments...
Dear lonely ENFJ  Life's a bitch ain't it? HA.  Sincerely,  Unrequited Love  :(
My best friend (an INFP) and I have almost always been on the same page. We have similar opinions on just about everything. Everything except abortion.  I'm pro-choice, he recently decided he...
All the descriptions of ENFJs that I've read say that we turn to dark  thoughts when we're alone. I'm completely in that dark, lonely place  right now and I have no idea why. I just feel so sad, and...
It's in my signature, but I'm a 6. I don't know any other ENFJs who are sixes, personally. Is it common?
That last post was for Jawz, by the way. Sorry for doing these in chunks, I don't know how to reply all at once in one post yet.  Etherea-   I completely agree, and It's something I've been...
I understand what you're saying. I really just need a break from everything. From him, from school, etc. Thank goodness Christmas is coming soon. We're both going away for the holidays, so we'll have...
I accept your apology, mostly because your accusations are so horribly, ridiculously incorrect. You must not know very many ENFJs, or the ones you do know are a horrible representation of us. So in...
I didn't really show too much enthusiasm, but I didn't react negatively. I think I was neutral, but I'm not sure that's how he took it. This irritation towards me was pretty quick in coming after I...
Hey, I believe I've slipped into the category of the unhealthy ENFJ. I could really use some advice on getting out of this.   Lately I've been incredibly stressed. I have exams and I'm dealing with...
Well, mastermind, with that in mind, what is YOUR definition of love? Why do you feel that putting someone else's happiness above your own is such a bad concept? Maybe when it is constant and you...
Is it common for INFPs and ENFJs to be best friends? Just wondering because my best friend is an INFP, and he's the most amazing person ever :) I dunno, I just really enjoy being around that type.
Aww :( I'm sorry about your void. I hope my slice of information helps fill it, somewhat...  Honesty, sensitivity/caring, silliness/humor, intelligence (this one is probably the most important, to...
I love how you put that :) Thanks!
You're certainly right with your first point. My mother was diagnosed with Huntingtons Disease when I was barely into middle school, and I've been dealing with her illness for a long time since. I've...
Hi everyone :D   I have a quick question.   All my ENFJ friends are incredibly bubbly, happy, and optimistic. They're great to be around, and they're all loving and accepting of others, just like...
abnormal, abrasive, intuitive, offbeat, penguins.'"


4281: 'I am a little confused by the typical 9 characteristics.  What is this peace of mind that 9s unhealthily try to preserve? All that no-conflict/anger-9-talk seems too abstract to me. Are there some...
I dont think so I think its because no other type comes close to extensive internet useage like 5s. Stuff like forums swarm of 5s and it makes sense that on a PersonalityForum its even more so.
I see what you mean and guess I can relate. I'm a 7, but feel a big draw towards 5ishness. In a way I'd love to just withdraw and get lost in the depth of my mind - and I know I'm theoretically able...
Delete Please. ~
I'd assume your actual Enneagram type doesn't play much of a role here and that this goes for every E-Type the same way: I associate the feeling of integration with the feeling of childhood. What is...
It just feels like the last resort. Like when you need help but cant directly ask for it so you become unhealthy-2ish by being pleasing & low-key manipulative or agressive to get certain needs meet...
Definately INXX. INFJ makes a lotta sense I guess. I may go with 4w5 over 5w4, he has a little too much emotional charisma or however you wanna call it
INFJ 1-4-5 sx/so INFJ 1w9-4w3-7w6 sx/sp INFJ 1w9 sp/sx INFJ 1w9-5w4-2w3 sp/so INFJ 1w2-6w7-4w5 sp/so INFJ 1w2-4wx-7wx sx/sp INFJ 1w2-2w1-6w7 sp/sx  INTJ 1w9-5w6-3w4 sp/sx INTJ 1w9-4w5-5w6...
This indeed seems like great advise for more productive interaction, thanks. :)
Fe Ni Se Ti vs Te Si Ne Fi  First there is the obvious S vs N clash. My whole family is pretty much sensors only so this has always been apparent and leading to feel different, but whatever,...
Yea yea, as you can see this thread is older and my self typing was a little more all over the place lol I just recently settled on 9; dont mind this thread. Im gon check out your link tho cuz the...
This sounds a little bit more INFJ-ish. Or would you say they're just similar in there position towards leading?
3w4 5w6 8w9  Would be my guess
I need you now, I know it's real The proof went down but you're crystal clear God knows I've got one try, no second chance I've planned too long, I demand a change Will never feel if I don't let...
And I'm a social One. After almost half a year and many phasas of misidentifications, I'm finally at that point where I can say I'm dead sure and every doubt is just not wanting to face reality. I...
Do they have it more difficult because they are Fe users and their 4ness is more based on their Ni, making it harder to find stability that feels real and meaningful?
Tbh I've now come now to the conclusion that its the other way around. Fi seems to be a cultivated skill for me while Fe is never a chore to use. So, yea, I've learned some more about INTJs but it...
Thats what I thought.   I guess you mean if I feel like my Ni is supported by Fe or Te? Well, if I could tell you that with certainty I guess I wouldn't need help here lol. But I assume its Te....
Since I started getting deeper into typology I've always identified most with being an INFJ. However, something always seemed off about it so I never 100%ly run with it but rather just saw it as the...
Okay I already figuered it out myself like I prohesized haha Its so 8. Kk this thread can get closed or whatever~
Okay. After months of Enneagram study and self discovery I finally arrived: I feel as sure as I can be about typing myself. Or well almost. To be honest I could figure this rest out on my own sooner...
This is sad as fuck but beautiful; made me finna realize I'm 100% E9. Thanks!
This seems petty in a way but it feels to me like on of the most essential issues of Fives: being judged and I feeling like you won't be sure enough to defend it.  Can you relate to this? And my...
Point blank how do you differenciate between a 5w4 and a 5 with a 4 fix? I'd like to know my tritype and my 5-wing. I know for sure that 4ishness plays a huge part in my Enneagram personality. But...
Its E7, nevermind. :)
They have a feeling of wearing their soul on their sleeves. But not in a way of being simple or easy to get, far from shallow, it's a unique kind of transperency in the sense of honesty. Its so......
I know my gut and heart fix, which are 1 and 4 respecticely. I also know my instinctual stacking by know, which is soc/sex. What I feel like I dont know for sure is my fear type (as well as which my...
I'm registered here since over a month now I think - but after months of research I'm finally clear and can say with 100% assuredness that I have found my true typing (and I'm a 6 so you know when I...
Well, by studying and comparing Ni, Si, Ne and Te (in theory & praxis). I'd go with TJ over FJ right now but thats still something I got to figure out.             I also figuered out I'm E2 and not...
Okay, I know now that I lead with Ni. I only have to figure out now if I'm Fe/Ti or Te/Fi. So yea, I'm either INTJ or INFJ. But thanks for the tip of being an ISFJ, that made me actually realize I...
I know I know, I'm typing based on CF as well dont worry, although it may not seem like it I'm way past the state of MBTI profiles. lol When I say too emotional for thiker and vice versa I mean that...
Flower Hat wow thanks for taking the time :)                                                                                                                                                           ...
I've been studying cognitive functions to find out my typing a good time now. I'm at a point where I feel like I have a good grasp on what they are about and even how they feel when I use them - but...
Care to share a bit where you got your knowledge from? Not because I'm doubting anything, but because that seems like pretty cool useful information for me  strawberryLola
I mean balancing that playfullness, random fun loving ness, not taking life so serious but at the same time really caring about your life, other people, Fi values, emotions, ideas...  I feel like...
Is it possible (for an INFP) to repress their Ne  or rather its development out of it being not appreciated/supported/understood, being around Sensors a lot, fear of appearing childish, weird, not...
charlie.elliot:  Yea you hit it on the nail. Thats the exact same conclusion I came to after a little more research & soul searching. To be more accurate, Im pretty sure this was going on:  Type...
I know this is probably a questions thats been frequently asked sorry lol. But I wanna talk about my specific case.  So to make it quick - I did identify with Ennegram 1(w9). This perfectionism...
Because I dont really have that strong urge to defend what I think is right. I dont stand up for it, at least not more than any non-Fi would. I dont base every decision on what feels right, in...
So I believed to be 4 but recently noticed I was just living in constant stress mode.  Long story short I lived a good bunch of my life like an unhealthy 4 rather than in alignment with the 1 I am....
Okay, first, I'm going through some things right now (if you've seen my recent threads you're likely able to tell). Matter of fact I've been going through some things a long long time now. And I am...
Aight, this makes sense to me. lol
Thats what I'd say as well. Its just harder to tell with extroverted intuitives because, while in another way, they also seem really in the moment.
Im crushing on a girl right now and Im pretty much 100% sure shes EXFP and while I'd guess shes an ENFP I'm not so confident in my ability to recognize intuition in others. The type description for...
Made a thread on this yesterday for more information. http: //personalitycafe.com/nfs-temperament-forum-dreamers/1054754-fed-up-infp. html  So yea I guess I figured out my problem. I think I'm...
Im a fucked up INFP and I just recently realised that when I really got into MBTI. I'm 19 years old, living with my parents, just kind of finished school. I grew up in a toxic environment for my...'"


4378: 'I did  Electronics I know this only
I like your quote about death thanks
If u have knowledge in content writng, then go for it
dont get too emotional, u will get the job definately
i like  friends good wife the pacific
Perfect carrier ............  means   which field u like/love the most   If u interested in one filed, u go through that then thats the perfect carrier   If  u  dont want to  do this  thats not...
same answer  spanish  is better
Always failure is a stepping stone.  Dont bother about what u lost.  Satisfy with that what u gain in that years
i love to listen music, i.e. any type of music piano, gitar etc.  But i dont know to play  I want to learn drums in future
great , among all of it I like  Baby,  Sensuous  and fear
The best thing happens me today is I got a big gift  from my friend
Which Foreign language can  learn quickly?
Nuclear Engineer .................?  interesting       If u think  in different way, thats the success  point
then all the best
I like Aron Stone   cool , smart and  handsome
How many  are doing the   perfect  job   on their own interest?
Here some points  are related to me
For a boy  I  will pick up  leo   and for  a girl  its julie
my  favourite color is pink
people  who r not visiting after few posts  means   they wants more from  this site
It may be working at a job utilizing your weaknesses,, u  can overcome this situation  thats the solution
my all time favorite songs are madona songs
I want full details of content writing.  Can anybody give me the details
This is your life and your job  so I think  go to your boss and tell frankly what problems u have    Before doing this find a new   job first
beautiful pic
In all types of jobs,  Police job is a hard job.  They r not having  holidays, shifts  but they have to do their job its a day or night as requirement.    They r brave   Some of them are not...
I usually  do  drawings paintings etc  and love yo make   variety of cookery
I saw one money maker site  and click upon that and I lost some $  through my paypal account.   After so many days  I got my amount back   If u r verywell know about the website  and look into the...
I am good student,  and In my school days I am the class head and all the teachers considers me as a good student and I got good marks  and rewards
ooooooo           the meaning of my real  name is Angel in arabic language  But the username is just a fruit
thank you friend for ur information
My most favorite subject is maths  In all my exams i scored 98/100   My least marks scored subject is chemistry still i can understand the equations
I accept this too   the director and the story maker work is  excellent
I just saw the Avatar  and i think it  has  superb effects  and the story is also good
Just I want to know which   course  they have to learn ( for engineering students ):confused:
my   favorite   titanic, spiderman2 , juno, bedtime stories
I am female  and  I am having twins (male)       and i am very happy to have them    Yes it is diffuicult to handle the children  in first two years/ three year   but  in that difficulty we can...
frankly  iam not scared
what is the nice , easy and smart way  to know out suitable type?   can anybody give me advice
I think its too good
when our mind and heart says  this is one who u really misses, u cant do anything without him/her  and  cant survive ,,,,   thats the moment I am fall in love
where can we take such istj test ? im from california
I have done my istp and its cool ..your son should join istp
I THINK ABOUT FILMS TO CONTROL EMOTIONS :angry:
i troubled my mother when i was hungry i troubled my father when my pocket money is over i troubled my friends when i was selfish
exactly, friendship not only joy sharing, also emotions
not always but some times
all this happen in boose parties
days gone to find good friendship forget abt this.......this is true
what ever  to be happen think that that is good for you what ever  will  happen think that that is good for you what ever  happened :proud: think that that is good for you'"


4411: 'Ethical Intuitive Extratim - Wikisocion  This is posted elsewhere, but there are subtypes of ENFJ as well as gender differences summarized in the top link pages.   The former roommates deep...
Ayup.  ;) Welcome.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0F1fEQeWF8  For you!  Welcome!
Coolios. Welcome to the forum!
Hi and welcome! There's endless food for thought and discussion on these forums. You're going to really enjoy it.    My two cents on your personality typing:  When you write about how you think,...
Update from my picture post long ago: I just found out that my mother is an ISTJ. No wonder she often has that long-suffering look when surrounded by ENFJ family. Heeheehee. I love her so much.
ADORABLE. I want to adopt them like this:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwGN73izZmw The sting is if a shy person comes across as standoffish. Sometimes I think someone is stuck up or...
That's awesome! He must love you so much! I wish my grandpas were still around. I miss'm so. :sad: One of my grandpas understood me. We used to pull pranks on other people, build things together, and...
Your grandpa sounds kinda lonely, or like he's pouring as much of himself into you as he possibly can. It's sorta cute. ENFJs have an on and an off mode. Around my close friends, I switch the E...
I have nightmares about my teeth shattering while I'm eating, and falling out one by one. *shudder*
180962 Me (ENFJ) on the right. The Boy (INFJ) on the left. 180986 My father and brother are both ENFJs. My mother is an I-something that I forgot. Having three ENFJs in the family often makes her...
Of not finishing the things I've started, due to distractions. Examples: my novels, my masters degree, my journalism career. Of being shackled by debt in this economy. Of being a bad friend. Of...
Respect their space. Don't treat it like a college dorm. Do not leave a mess in their kitchen, or trash in their vehicle.  Do not show up unannounced and uninvited on their doorstep.  Do not...
I take it back! My INFJ friend just asked me to be his girl. Now I'm in a panic to research INFJs all over again so I don't screw up! :shocked:  One sign an ENFJ likes you is when they shoot you a...
Laaawl. Ok, you win.
I see some similarities with my INFJ buddy here. He's the only INFJ I know. I thought he was another type until he tested. In groups, he comes across as an E not an I. When I only knew him on that...
Well, I find INFJs fascinating, so we're even. :D
What CS said. Also, it depends on who is giving it to me. If I don't have a good connection to that person, then a romantic gift is regarded with suspicion. I will shove that gift into the depths of...
I really sympathize with you, Seeker. Twice in the past I accidentally and on purpose ended up dating or very involved with someone to try and placate myself when I wasn't getting the person I really...
I know! I was fighting this line of thinking all night tonight. All day, I was looking forward to seeing this person. And I got so worked up nervous trying to not gush and squee all over him, I sorta...
I'm not the best person to answer this because I'm a control freak, super perfectionist 1w9. But for what it's worth:  1) A lot. The thoughts sneak in until I write them down or rationalize and...
*LoL* Summery, you just perfectly described the relationship between me and my current INFJ bestie. His personality continually intrigues and confuses the heck outta me, but you just described...
I agree. One time I was with another strong E type. It was like strapping myself to a roller coaster--extreme highs and lows experienced at hyper-speed. It started out addictive but got old fast. I...
Yep. Cuz I agree with this:   It seems to me that your friend is testing your boundaries and trying to get a little attention from you, or being a little bit dominating. I think a comment such as,...
The stories so far are so interesting!  I believe the event that made me the most angry, was when a family friend and youth leader at our church committed suicide. I remember the date. It was in...
Daphne Du Maurier, speculative fiction of all types--especially Isaac Asimov and David Weber, lots of classic fantasy, mysteries and anything with a twist ending, Dickens, Shakespeare, poetry, nonfic...
Do you have one? 171114 You know, a physical place you go to retreat from the noisy world and the demands of all the needy people around you?  Last night, I got back from a three day camping...
1w9, the Perfectionist. :/
Yum!!
Yeah, your buddy could put off your questions indefinitely with vague or nice answers if he didn't appreciate you asking them, so there probably isn't any reason to worry about being to aggressive...
I agree quite a bit with much of the above posts.    Not at all. The love you're talking about--piano falling from the 40th floor on your head kind of love, crazy Shakespearian love, obsessive...
Musician's hands, soft rumbly voice, kind and patient, quirky, self-entertaining, playful, can bake cookies!  Caaall mi bebe!! :tongue:
School systems and churches. I know at least three ENFJs who are teachers, and one who is a minister. You can also find them working in customer service, where their bubbly joy while serving people,...
Thank you both! I'm going to keep that in mind and be patient with him. Maybe he'll get more comfortable around me and relax a bit. I got yo-yo'ed again today.  :laughing: If I keep getting summoned...
Hey hey, confused ENFJ here for some advice on my INFJ buddy, if anyone would be so kind. ^__^;  We've known each other for a few years.  The past 8 months we got a lot closer though than we used...
When two ENJFs date each other, are they gonna burn each other out? Too much energy and not enough direct communication? I'm curious.
You guys are so insightful! Here's my view:  Yes, to the point where my friends and family crack up at me when they can tell I'm uncomfortable because one of my invisible boundaries or core values...
Welcome, Villette! It's fun here, right? ^__^
Sooo, I thought I'd report back in on how the date with that guy went and whatnot...It was a no go after all. On the night we were supposed to connect, I started getting odd texts from him. He...
The fact that you're here for her now is probably more important than your having been out of the loop for a while. At least she's eventually told you some of the stuff she's been going through, even...
Really?? Granted, I've met a lot of shy people online who aren't cool with groups, but I never expected most people to be that way. I've been in writing groups in chatrooms since I was fourteen. Met...
Wow, I hear your frustration. :frustrating:  Trouble recognizing when a guy wants to get in my pants? Yep! I think they're being friendly, and that their come-ons are meaningless little white lies....
Robert2928 This is all very true. I will try to keep it in mind.  Happy about Nothing.   Yeaah, similar comments I've gotten:  Wow, he's hot, but does he speak? Ugg caveman! He looks really...
Hiking can be so loooonely!  94725
The INTx's I've known love to lecture me for some reason. And they are usually surprised when I can keep up with them in the science and math department. I just get bored way before they do...Ooo, is...
Bienvenue Valérie
hihi
Hallao! *hugs* Welcome!
hey there
^ Hi ^^ Thank you! It already yas ^^Bwaha, Pirates of Penzance!'"


4637: 'My Brother is an ISTP and oddly enough I get along with him better than most of the people in my family. But we also know we are opposites and try harder to connect.
Those are some real cool answers. And I could see ENFJ as a dolphin or dog. And ENTJ as a lion makes sense.
Curious as to what kind of Animals people associate with each type. If the associate any
I'd say I'm a little High strung. And I'm fifty when it comes to being crazy or chill. It depends who I'm with I guess. I love being chill and just sitting listening to music talking to friends about...
I'd say it depends on the group honestly. I'm lucky I live in SoCal and lots of people down here are very accepting. At my school the guys show more physicality with there male friends than they do...
I'm an Fe. I can't remember what I voted. I've noticed the shift to Fe a lot recently. Especially my ever growing affinity to music. I'm not that great at performing it but I love so many things...
I hope I have a job where my future wife can be the stay at home mom if she chooses to. If she wants to have a career than I don't care if she doesn't do that either. I want to find my wife and make...
I'm a Christian and Believe in Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior. I've heard a lot of facts on both sides and this is the side I fell on. It's the only one that can explain any of my questions. And...
well I was more confused about restorative and connectedness but now I think back on it they seem pretty accurate. :)
I'm and ENFJ. But when I did the test I was unsure of exactly who I was so I'm not sure how accurate my results were. But I got    1Communication  2Woo  3Connectedness  4Restorative
What is he from? What movie is this? I think I saw it when I was younger and I loved the movie but I can't remember the title.
I'm with you do. I love orange it was my first favorite color and after I liked other colors for awhile I went back to it. And it just feels right I love the color!!!!!
I got Blue, Violet, and Orange. Not sure how accurate orange is since I hate getting hurt, but I do love the rush. But I also did just hangout with some friends who have a habit of doing stupid...
failed my first quote in ages
kiwigrl Me to I love how we can just connect even online:)
Well for me I deep down free I'm only kept around a group to be made fun of because I felt that way in my last town. Here in Cali though I've been shown that I'm not just an annoying friend and...
I will say that what you said makes sense but I feel like J.D. is literally my tv alter ego. I think the same way he does. The only difference is my day dreams aren't as vivid. But I love this show...
This is a place to post lyrics from songs that describe you right now. Or have described you in the past. It's really theraputic to write out the lyrics you connect with.   How many times can I...
Restlessness   I'm becoming so restless  I think my life is becoming a mess Nothing cures my need to go  It's becoming so bad I just don't even know  I just want out of my room  Because I feel...
In High school. My dream job not sure. I'd love to work at a college and to constantly be studying and gaining degrees I think. I'm leaning in the direction of guidance counselor or marriage...
I didn't read all of it. But what I read I liked a lot. I like how it brought up how overly serious I can be. And I procrastinate like no ones business! But I did realize it's almost always things...
First of what faith are you? You say you found God and that leads me to believe you of the Christian denomination and one thing the bible talks about is not living together with a romantic interest...
I have to say that this thread helped. I don't club because I'm still a minor. But I like, that I'm not the only ENFJ who doesn't like new surroundings and feels uncomfortable in a large group where...
It may seem confusing but to ENFJ's at least in my experience I'm terrible at flirting because some of the little things people do to flirt are things I do with everyone and it has taken me awhile to...
I can't stand those who just use people for selfish reasons. Or those who automatically think just because I have a differing opinion I hate them or what they stand for. I'm allowed to have a...
I would of said the Fe subtype but according to the descriptions I'm the Ni-subtype which is weird since every test or thing I've done has never shown me using much Ni.
Hey Another Male ENFJ Here and I know of at least one more in @KCtan
I usually get quite and closed off when angry. I just stop speaking and that's weird for me. That or I'm the opposite and I shout swear, hit things, or I punch someone. Never to hard but enough to...
Thanks for telling me your beliefs. Because I enjoy learning about other people's beliefs because knowing other peoples beliefs can making understanding a person so much easier to do. Well maybe give...
I agree with you. I'm a Christian and I struggle with my faith but you can't follow Jesus without the Bible. That makes no sense what so ever. If he believes in the same God and Jesus that Christians...
I don't know if I do it regularly. I think I do but usually get distracted. I'm fairly certain I'm stuck in an Fe-Se loop so my attentions has been little to none. Any ideas on how to get out of an...
One of the only ways I could see him as an ENFJ is if he is one who hasn't been allowed to express his Fe in a constructive way. Because if his dads a strong T and other Male role models in his life...
triplespresso So I think I'm an ENFJ and I make friends easily but I've always been the one to get made fun of. I've never really been the leader in my group and I'm usually the one who is most...
Yeah and I know for me I usually am the one who labels my level of friendship with others, but I'm an outgoing teen in highschool so labeling the level of friendship is kind of important. But I feel...
Well with the Enneagram I'm not sure about my type. I think I'm a 2w3 7w6 or 6w7 not sure they are very similar, than 9w1 maybe not sure. And I'm not sure if the 2 is my strongest it may be my 7w6 or...
Emma Frost because her bitch attitude is friken awesome.
Ludi sorry man wish I could help.:/
Ludi Hey wanted to let you know I found my type. And I realize I'm an ENFJ. I was only confused because I had friends tell me I was a P. But I love having a plan to much. Not having a plan makes me...
I usually go for a walk or shower when I'm stressed or I just want to think.
' Gambit is my favorite X-Man:) He's such a boss.
@Durde
Jawz YAY YOUR BACKK!!! And THanks:)
That's so awesome!!! I'm glad to see you figured out your type:) Can you send me a link to those post Jawz sent you? please.
Glad to see you back!!! And what prompted the change?
Well I noticed I tend to get in an Fe-Se loop when I spend to much time with my ESTP and ENTP friends. I need to work on this. Any advice on how to get out of this will be greatly appreciated Jawz. I...
dulcinea and Jawz I have that happen a lot for me. If I'm around my ISFP friend I live more in the moment and the same with my ENTP friend. I also noticed that when I spend a lot of time with my ENTP...
Gwen Stacey(Emma Stone) in the new amazing spiderman. shes an INXJ. I believe and she is amazing.
I'm actually going to be a senior next year. I'm just trying to figure out what I want to go to school for, so I can pick a school that will help me best obtain my goals. And I really am putting...
I'm wondering if you are cause I'm going to be a senior next year and I've been putting some serious thought into pursuing either of those two jobs as a career and I want to know if any of you could...
mutisided (if that makes any sense) I mean we have a lot going on in our minds.'"


4653: 'I want to know how you feel about INTPs. Actual INTPs, or the idea of INTPs, if you haven't met any.
Ten million hugs to all. :) So many amazing conversations held here in my absence!   *vows to never leave again.*   But really.  A lot of what has been written here recently is terribly...
Facebook has such a way of emphasizing others' errors in cognition that become obvious.... It leads me to wonder why I'm friends with many of those people, but then I remember that people are more...
Mmmmhm. :) Same here. I've been wondering lately about the E/I, but I think it definitely just has to do with how much I need/want company around me, regardless how the time together is spent...
Hahah, I love the thinking that's going on in here, about this topic. :) Very excellent conversation, and thank you all for participating and indulging my interest. :) This has been very enlightening...
Someone creates chitchat thread on ENFJ forum.   *all ENFJs vigilantly await for other types to wander in an start conversations.*
Was it an ENFP? ;)      ...I've caught so many of them texting or looking around for shiny objects while giving me the mid-syllable mm hmm's. :)  Not all, and not always, but many, and...
I am so tired of the extraverts are energy-sapping sentiment. We aren't all batshit, or very loud and outgoing, even. :dry:
On topic-- do you guys find that you get on better with extroverts online?
Also-- I am with iamken on this one. Y'all sure do type a lot. ;) I think it's an introvert thing rather than an Fi thing, though.  My INTP SO (Fe) is the same way. INTPs and INFPs actually have...
[/B]   On the contrary-- I think my initial interactions do begin with self-focus. It really depends on how I'm feeling, though. If I'm having an insecure kind of day, or if this someone is...
Things with hands.   Yes.
I attribute the credibility of my advice (to follow) to my experience with dating, housing and keeping an INTP fed for a little longer than two years, now:  While I find that INTPs are rare...
Your ability to be candid is refreshing. :) We all have things that are unhealthy about us.
I should clarify my rambles--   1) by lie, I mean, be less valid than the next or be less reliable or be misconstrued.  2) by some INTPs are different from others, I mean vastly, in a...
Effy & Iamtp:  Interesting thoughts about INTPs behaving like INFPs, from both of you.  I think I've seen this happen in INTPs before (currently... <_< ).  I think some INTPs are different from...
The cognitive functions test. -- different from MBTI?? Where is this magic?
Whoa-- so much happened here in 3 days!  I just want to take the opportunity to make the observation: 30 pages since 5-25!! I feel like I missed out.  :)
This.
Might be an enneagram type 3 thing. I can relate. I'm ENFJ 6,3,?.
I think you asked what makes ENFJs happy. Other people make us happy.
Histoire  Soo... How is this all unfolding? Did you make a move yet? ;)
Other people. Ha. ;)
We're not all the same-- so no, there is no guarantee that if he likes you, he will be quieter than usual.  Also, don't confuse introversion with a lack of confidence-- they are not the same...
I think this is odd behavior for an ENFJ. The behavior you're describing sounds introverted.  Maybe he's intimidated?
I can't speak for everyone else, but in personal experience-- I am always thinking, and even something overthinking, even during personal interactions.  I can seem absorbed in conversation, but...
No! I absolutely wouldn't be overwhelmed, and I think that if this person is how you explain him to be, I can relate and would even do things the way you plan to do.  I know what you mean when you...
Just got over the same thing. Left eye still hurts. Rawr.
Well, I'm just going to be honest with you. Someone walks like a cat, who falls into fits of rage only to burst out laughing seconds later... Sounds awfully immature or unstable, and possibly...
Re # 1: As someone in the field, it's true.  :( I am constantly at odds with myself for buying into this, at all. I've asked others about it in the forum, but I don't think many people are in...
Baiting. I approve, then. :)
This would bug me, too.   The answer for me, would be: after a while, you can't make it up. Just stop doing it. Period. That's it.
Heheheheh....  And idk, I'd say I'm pretty organized and scheduled.  That's the nature of the J.   That said, I don't think this has anything to do with sex drive. Like lofty said, it probably...
Idk about how well sex and food correlate with personality type, but maybe with each other? That'd be an interesting thing to research!
I also disagree.  I think it's simply more obvious when extraverts are spastic or obnoxious.  The nature of extraversion is merely that feelings are divulged more easily and processed externally...
Hahaha. ^_^ someone sounds excited.   You forgot to mention the pony.  Also-- you might want to change your wording a bit.  If he screws me, he needs the protection. ... <_<  I'm sorry, you...
6-7 : This is a blanket statement.  People run the gamut from E to I, and it is not black or white. You'll find that plenty of extraverted persons prefer to spend time at home or with one or two...
Hahaha. A connoisseur of rejection. ^_^  Playing dumb is always the go-to. But as women, we tend to get it shoved in our faces eventually. :)
It's totally possible.  I'd send pictures, but that might be awkward for my poor INTP. :)
This is an intense story! I can't wait to see what happens for you. :) I hope you run into him again.  Keep in mind that INFP/ENFJ interactions can be weird. What you have going on in your head might...
Kitty.diane -- this is so true.  My SO said pretty much this when I demanded to be introduced two years ago. Nbd, it won't change my opinion, why is this a thing. Once he realized both how...
Do tell. :) I'm intrigued, and happen to own an INTP. ;] Fire when ready.
This is adorable. :)  Perhaps he was also conflicted about why you two were having interactions like this.   Typically, if we're curious, we're not shy about approaching someone, but don't expect...
I can't speak for everyone so I'll speak for myself...  1. What signs does an ENFJ give away when attracted?/ What do you do when you're attracted? It depends on how much information I have about...
If you read your link, you'll see that the extinguishment partner of the INFP is actually the ENFP.
^ I love Japanese literature! Is this something I should look into??   Maybe we should share our favorite books, too. ^_^ On that note, one of my favorites is a novella by Banana Yoshimoto:...
Sometimes there's an effect of being too wholesome that isn't an intriguing or challenging enough factor for young boys. This will change as your friend gets older. :) Tell her absolutely not to...
I'm going to say this as a word of caution:  Online surveys are the least reliable method of taking a poll. Two big reasons:  1) you don't know if the person answering the question is who they...
This was terrifying. :<
Thank you for sharing!!! She's beautiful. :))'"


4805: 'Exactly! Maybe it has nothing to do with MBTI though, maybe not. Maybe it is more of a separate entity like the enneagram, where there are trends but not necessarily a correlation?
just trying to create conversation :)
I agree the society is influential! lots of things are influential. I am just saying that it is possible that the stars also have an impact
No doubt that the forer affect exists. And I don't buy my 'horoscopes' by chance, but my sign definitely bc none other than my own fully describes me. idk I know it is not comparable to mbti at all....
why?
hahah this is SO much like me. I am very inquisitive, so if I have something to ask I'll ask it. Also, if no one else is coming to the table with an answer and it is silent I actually feel awkward...
Do you think that this maybe has to do with you being Fi? As an Fe I can see myself with Ti but NEVER Te
Lol, portlandia is my favorite show and I agree. :)) love that skit  But hold up now you've brought up Regina Spektor which is TOTALLY an ENFJ no question. :)  As an ENFJ I just get 'vibes' about...
What makes you think they are not? I see alot of Ne in their humor.  And yes I agree portlandia is an N show. I just made a comment about how it seems like a collaboration of Ni and Ne somehow. But...
I think that Fred is an xNFJ and Carrie is an xNFP. The reason why I say so is because as an ENFJ I understand the dynamic of working with an Ne partner,and thats what this show strikes me as. (I...
Why can no one see Joey as an ENFJ? I feel like I am good at knowing when someone seems like me ahah
I guess just her random humor. She has an ability to come up with the most random things other names for body parts, other names for food ect. Very random where its just like LOL what??? where on...
Not really that related, but I think Fred Armisen is an ENFJ and I really want him to be bc I love him
hahahahah sorry dan i am an idiot
Hey David! I think that I clicked on to your google hangouts thing the other day and you said hello, and i couldn't tell if you could see me or not or how it works -_- I have seen your enfj videos...
I think Kristen Wiig is an INFP
I wish that I had that control. I'd rather not be someone that cried in front of others. I wonder if male ENFJs are better at hiding it? Society has always told me that it was ok to cry, and I grew...
Also idk if Jenna Marbles has been mentioned, but she SCREAMS ENFP
I love this haha.  To me, it is harder and harder to hold back in public. I often find myself crying about something in situations around people that I really do not know enough to cry around and it...
Even though I am dating a fellow extravert (ESFP) I totally relate. My guys are never good enough for my friends. maybe I don't go for great guys, OR maybe I just see then for the person they are...
Hmm, why do you say this? Just curious. Do you think ENFJs would be embarrassed to answer all the way/truthfully?
Feeling unloved. This may have more to do with my enneagram 2, but I'm sure all ENFJs can relate. TBH I cry a lot. Not only do I not know how to hold it in, but I find that it helps me get over...
I guess just being an ENFJ I am a bit biased, because he just strikes me as one. The way he uses his humor. Seeing him with Shane you can tell that Shane is a little bit more off the wall (either Ne...
lol
What makes you think ESFP if he has typed himself..? I know ESFP and ENFJ look 'similar' on the surface? But come on the functions are completely different he would know if he used Ni. He strikes me...
Shane Dawson is soooo ENFP. His humor is so off the wall and Ne- always seemingly comes out of nowhere
For all who say that there can not be an NF president, that's bull. NFs are the ultimate advocates and inspirers and mentors. My father is an ENFJ and a successful state level politician. I see a lot...
hahahah mine too I was joking as well!!!
hahah, ah, what a nice thing to hear over the internet! :p
Exactly! I think it is all tendencies. I am somewhat of a Cancer/Leo cusp and I can tell that I am influenced by that a little bit as well. Not as much a 'personality type.' Leos are very passionate...
Not trying to compare MBTI to horoscopes haha I have just always wondered if the position of the sun and moon actually influences who we are or how we act.   Astrology is an interesting idea to...
What's your sign?  feel free to discuss. I am a Leo which is known for being passionate and I am also very Fe so I didn't know if that had anything to do with each other.
What do you guys think about Regina Spektor?  NF for sure, I'd like to think she seems Fe Ni. If not ENFJ, maybe INFJ   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dnh2cBBTVlQ
When you look at socionics, it talks about how we both have Fi and Ne, but we ignore them more. I found this to make sense alot for me, especially when you take cognitive functions tests and it...
I agree.. the ESTP friend I know ALWAYS wants to be right thoguh
hmm, as an ENFJ I tend to be extroverted.. Yet there has been times in my life that I have been more reserved than others. For example, with BOYS I tend to be may more shy, due to past experiences,...
Yes- I drove my ESFJ mother CRAZY growing up. We are very similar.. except that we would always fight about the fact that I left my shoes in the living room. I would get mad when she would move my...
I dont like ENTJ... but i use dont like lightly.. I just really really hate Te. It is hard to argue with ENTJs because they are so smart yet so cold... I at least appreciate their Ni. Other than that...
Hello! Do you find ENFJs to be messy or organized when it comes to living and work space? I know we are J-s but that doesn't really mean anything.   I prefer things clean, obviously, but when...
This was tough... I just love people!!
Well you said managing expectations. Sorry for the confusion. Perhaps elaborate on what you mean?  Everyone always tells me not to make any expectations, I didn't mean to put forth an idea you...
I really appreciate your comment!! It is very interesting the different perspectives I get from another NF and someone that is not.  Technically, you're both right. I feel as if my unconditional...
LOVE this I was just thinking about this today... Too bad that I hate money so much but I need it in order to do what I love: create.
Wow, I really needed to hear this!!!! THANK YOU so much I love NFs... I have been down lately haha so sorry for making you want to give up.  It is just hard when I am not around many others who...
So I've been reading, and apparently ENFJs have a tendency to idealize relationships to the point where human nature can't possibly meet expectations.   I found this really true for me, in a sort...
My favorite color. That and turquoise. Idk they say purple is the color of love!
Not trying to bring in politics here, it just seemed so Fe. And especially when we are talking about belief in a social sense  Thoughts?
SO true!! lately I have been going CRAZY because it is my last semester of general education requirements before I am off to my interest area- doing and learning what I love.  Every day seems so...
SO true!! lately I have been going CRAZY because it is my last semester of general education requirements before I am off to my interest area- doing and learning what I love.  Every day seems so...
Do you think its possible for an ENFJ to NOT be socially liberal? to define socially liberal, I mean: pro lgbt rights, womens rights, minority rights, equal opportunity for health and education,...'"


4871: 'INTP for sure.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjETibEMbJY
INTP, I think.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yupYyOllfo0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-UTPKL-UGY  Global warming, humans being dumb etc.  Here, lyrics: Would you be upset if I told you we were dying? And every cure they gave us was a lie? Oh!...
I like progressive stuff quite a lot, like Tool or sometimes Genesis.
Well, that was kinda weird, but also kinda cool :proud: I'm gonna say INFJ.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyT-deoKDYc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNYf894ZM8U&oref=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DdNYf894ZM8U&has_verified=1
lol, good one, I say INTP.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMokMQ8Bu7Y
INTP.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUUc4Cq5NJc
ohhhhhhhh shit this show was one of my favorites back in the day. I'm gonna guess ENFP.  I'll keep the trend going with this:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97dwYLnbW4E
Dude I know that feeling first hand. I just distract myself with music, books and video games if I have to.
ISFP, I think.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fj-10lIrboM
1. ENFJs are usually surrounded by some friends, and are usually liked by people. They're kind, considerate, and they like helping other people. I know a lot of them have a lot of confidence too, so...
INTP. Good song by the way, I liked it a lot.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwTOCre-phs
INTP. For some reason every time I hear someone say they like The Smiths, I immediately assume they're an INTP. I guess it's a very INTP-ish band :tongue:  ...
Nehtaro Look man, I love ENFPs, let's just get that out of the way. One of the most amazing people I've met was my ENFP friend from high school, and the thing I loved about him the most was his...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVteH49Jxd8
I'm gonna say ENFP.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9O-UBR8DaSg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6XWBU1rUFeY
I'm not sure if I have an ideal person, since I don't really think there IS someone who's perfectly ideal for me. I can give you rough outlines though. I'd want someone who's sensitive, who values...
(I just can't get enough, I think I might have a problem)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fj-10lIrboM
I'd say INFJ. (also good job getting my type right, I think you're the first one to get it thus far :P)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuK6n2Lkza0
INFP. #dicksoutforharambe :sad:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-UTPKL-UGY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNezgI8QNkQ
Wow, cool charts dude! Probably the most accurate I've seen online :smile:  Also, Judy Hopps, most classic depiction of an ENFJ I've seen in a movie. Super relatable as well for me.
In my eyes, the only way to define being real, is being real to yourself. Not to the world, not to the circumstances, but to who you really are deep inside. If you don't know who that is, then...
1. I'm actually very open to most, even if it's a stranger, just as long as they talk first. If it turns out that they're not worth my time, then I just stop talking to them.  2. It depends, if I'm...
Everyone says I've got an Se music taste, and I couldn't agree more, though I'm not limited to just that.  Here like, this is Se:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sV1hKciJTgg  And this is Ni: ...
INTP. Best weeb/19   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdbrxHLhOn8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBPCaArtW0k
Well, I already know you're an INTJ, and that song sounds very INTJ as well, so I'll go with INTJ.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlBnJ0egT_4 (also this is one of my favorite songs of all...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzc_WWpQQTA
Memeophilic Wow that video is absolutely amazing, I just had to mention that. Anyway, my guess is INFP.  Now, in a drastic change of tone, here's another song:  ...
I think ISFP.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EH9meoWmAOM
I've heard somewhere that we often times project our shadow functions onto our potential partners, and I can say from experience that that applies to very heavily. I don't really care about my Ti...
I agree with what HGy said, and what radu said. I can say from experience that some ENFJs are just flirty in their natural form, which could be the case with your guy there. Also, if you want an...
ENTP/ENFP   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyjTrwOMSO4
Seems... INTP I think.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOMFGuM5xww
The same way I feel about random strangers stating up conversation in public:  https://cdn.meme.am/instances/63624541.jpg
INTP/INFP   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWXazVhlyxQ
INFP/ISFP?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2F_hGwD26g
I'd say INFP/INFJ.  Let's see if anyone can guess from this one (could be tricky):  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrZ4sMRYimw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjLt0LS1M0I
Aww dude you're tugging at my heartstrings here :blushed: But hey, I'm glad I could help you, I live to serve. Here, have some Aerosmith:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHRNSeuvzlM
Right, and that's pretty much what I said. I mean they both use words and logic, but ESTJs go with the more intimidating approach, like I said, trying to appear bigger, kind of like an animal roaring...
First of all, that's an excellent mentality. Anyone who tells you not to feel your feelings is probably very insensitive, or just an asshole. Second of all, your situation... kinda sucks, I guess,...
Surprise! I had some free time so I thought I might as well do it today :proud:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEu0sNj_I5A  I might make more if you guys want me to.
Well, you know, keep trying until you find the right one, right? If one of the most important things for you in a potential mate is the ability to listen to, and not censor your thoughts, then find...
I suppose that's true... I dunno, it just seems to me that he exaggerates his behavior, you know, he's acting, which is why he focuses on the physical stuff, so I guess that could mean that his...
For me, it depends, because (and I might be misinterpreting what the word gossip means) there's positive gossip and negative gossip. Like, if I talk about someone without them hearing it, but I'm...
I don't have a single top pick, but I have a few examples that are high on the list:  1. An INTP girl who became my good friend during my senior year of school. We would talk about weird shit we...'"


4960: 'I chose populists, liberalists and pacifists because this combination would at least ensure everyone has equal rights, enough basic necessities and are content :D
My best friend's an INFP and i absolutely love her with all my heart!:proud: I only have good things to say about her because she amazes me everyday (haha, she likes to think the opposite though and...
ISTJs, one of my best friends is an ISTJ..and boy, he's such a confusing person to me initially.   I admire your honesty (ok you're not honest all the time. When it doesn't serve your purpose or it...
Ahh i love them! *fangirl alert* Why didn't i find this thread earlier? Ok for me personally, i think Zayn's an INFJ because from many interviews, he is the most moodiest and likes to go for walks...
I know this thread was a while back but i just HAD to reply! THE LIST WAS SO ACCURATE FOR ME I WAS LIKE 0.0!!!  (except the buying books part). But really 95% of what you wrote really represented...
Yup all the time! People get the im-contented-with-life vibes from me apparently or so ive been told. But its quite strange because i hurt so easily and become down quite often & get lost in those...
Yes yes yes yes yes. Haha i get along the best with INFPs. My best friend is an INFP & i swear i've never felt as mch acceptance and connection with anyone else. My brother is an INFP and we too get...
Gosh, i could totally relate to this girl you're talking about. Hmm what i think, though i may be mistaken, is that whenever someone new comes along (in this case, you) and i'm really into him and...
Hmm, just had to reply to this! I know this sounds corny but i strongly believe that if you have to change yourself just so that someone would notice you, then maybe that person isn't the right one...
Just out of curiosity, so STs are less likely to get into relationships with people they're close to? Doesn't make much sense to me to be honest because don't you form a strong connection and bond...
Sure :) errr..for me i've never really 'had' him in a sense but i hope it still counts? Hope this isn't too boring! The one who got away would be my best friend..whom i've known since i was 7 and in...
Since i'm quite new here, thought i'd share a few things about myself :) I'm currently waiting to enter University/college (cross my fingers that i get a place cos its REALLY competitve in my country...
Thank you for yr invaluable advice! I needed someone to tell me that and i'll take your advice to heart. Having such authority & all that you've described is something i've always envisioned in my...
Hahaha so guility of this :) am slowly trying to stop this.     Hmm, I actually become uncommunicative mostly when Ix92m upset or angry. But if someone upset OTHERS then I have no hesitation in...
HAHA omg i would be scared to death if i looked into the mirror and didnt see anything xD i think there was a movie made about this right? some invisible guy who was the villain?
Yes, i do wish i was invisble a lot of the time actually. Especially when i'm being subjected to unwarranted attention or the spotlight's on me infront of people whom I'm not very familiar with and...
Haha first time ranting here but i feel like im gonna explode if i don't. I'm not a very political person but when such injustice is glaringly obvious and right in my face, i get soo mad.   My...
bigwilly Yea, i mostly tend to avoid those im angry at too (especially friends or those i care for) instead of confronting the issue head on. And this usually takes a few days or weeks if it's really...
Definitely. You sound like the complete opposite of me! (so i figure it has nothing to do with personality type like you mentioned). For me, no one takes me seriously because they believe i'm a...
EXACTLY. Haha are you sure you didn't read my mind? ;) That's basically one of challenges i face - the split personality thing. I have to be strict to control them yet at the same time my first...
So it was my first day at work today as a part-time teacher and i had to teach this class of misbehaved 16 year olds who were really rebellious (picture a class of 30 rebels put together). And other...
Love telling puns & jokes like these! loving this thread :)  Me: Have you heard my butter joke? Dad: Err..no? Me: That's cos i haven't spread it. XD
Same here! The closer i am to someone, the less guilty i feel in saying what i want directly. But it still occurs very very rarely. Do you receive compliments well? Because for example, if i top the...
Summersault aww you're sweet! Definitely experiencing that mind-blown feeling when someone puts into words what im thinking when i have difficulty expressing them. Thanks a lot! :)    (haha had to...
Sorry im totally new at this! How do you reply to someone with the ___. Is there a specific button? help!
Totally spot on!! I couldn't put it in better words :) Sadly, i'm not very good with words (english isn't my native lang!). Every thing you've said really applies to me as well (except the intj...
2w1 :) tho 6w5 in my tri-type!
Thanks fr describing that :) Yea, i could really relate to that! If i wanted something for my birthday for example, i wont outright say I want ...... Instead, i'd maybe ask the person what he wants...
Yeaa sounds very familiar :) i'd rather avoid a person than confront the issue.
So sorry for the extremely late reply! I've been so caught up with exams and all. Firstly, thank you for replying to this thread :) And well, i've had enough time to think about it and yes, the lack...
Because honestly, i dont think im that good. I sometimes cant articulate my thoughts very well and my speech becomes all jumbled up. Its like i have all these feelings but its hard to put them into...
For me personally i find Ti really attractive. Maybe thats just me. Because its something i lack (4th function) and its really nice to have someone who's rational and can calm me down when im in one...
So far, my INFP friends are really very feminine. As compared to my INFJ friends. I find that INFPs are gentler and more co-operative and go with the flow sort and just embodies being feminine...'"


5001: 'This.
I feel the same way about my INFJ best friend. I'm looking for her male counterpart. Let's swap. ;)  PS - that changeability in type proves he's an INFJ. SJs aren't chameleons and Nfs most certainly...
I love INFJs. I feel like they invest the same amount of energy in the relationship (platonic or otherwise) as I do (which is a lot) and they get me. Plus it's like opening a never ending special...
Precisely
Yes. In my experience they very much DO enjoy being smothered. And enjoy smothering.
Lol!! This sums me up too. Cept I'm pretty girly anyway. But it's intensified around someone I'm interested in.
My one very serious relationship was with an INFP and I find that type fascinating. But the day to day part was hard. His collecting information and not commiting to a plan and following through...
we are all different. Like any personality. Lol! But others describe us as either bubbly, energetic, loving and helpful or hypocritical, fake and bossy. I think that we can be a little of both....
A connection to another person that knows no bounds.  Even when it's over, or never has a chance to start, it will always stay somewhere in your heart.  You will never be fully separated from this...
What about other emotions? Like love (sexual or not) and fear and jealousy and happiness? Is this inability to show your emotions applicable across the board? This seems like it would greatly impair...
It can be and has been done. In fact, I recommend it. My sister and her hubby are ISTJs and the only issue is that neither of them will ever Really understand their son if he is an ENFx like I...
Irrational stupid freaking people Independent solid friends please Ivy strands find places I see five princes Insecure sensitive frustrated poodle
Exactly!  This is the same as my dad (ESTJ) and my sister (ISTJ).  To me (ENFJ and a very strong Fe), it makes no sense and seems like they don't love me the same as I love them.  I know in my head...
ENFJ probably. Just possibly ESFJ.  ENFJ - depending on how strong their J is, this type almost can't help giving advise. And it is almost always with the recipient's best interest at heart. They...
ENFPs are super socially conscious and INTJs are really not socially conscious at all unless they have been really aware of and working on this weakness. You are on your way to recovery, but just...
In any relationship I need to feel that the other person is trying to understand me as much as I try to understand, empathize with & accept them. This requires open heartfelt communication. I just...
Don't feel like you HAVE to feel those things to be in love. For you, it probably won't be that way. Does the following sound hard for you? Wanting to spend your free time with someone Loving to...
I know that ESTJs love and can love very deeply, but I still don't think it's ever the story book kind. The wild passion and thrills from head to toe at the mere sound of their love's name. My father...
Depends on the person. As with all types, some are awesome & some have issues. I only know two confirmed ESTJs. One is someone I work under. She is very friendly and ROCKS at her job. The other is my...
I am not so sure that ESTJs ever really feel that kind of love. In my experience, they tend to have more practical ways of loving. They are fiercely loyal and will safeguard their loved ones, but...
See a doctor. Suicidal thoughts are not good. I take fluoxitine & see a therapist. For me, close family & friends work better than the therapist because I need to trust a person 100% before I can...
Belle - INFJ Beast - ISTJ Gaston - ESTP (not sure about T - his logic is too off)  Maurice - INFP (I think INTx cuz he is def a thinker) Lumiere - ESFP (right on!!!) Chip - ENFP (I think so-or...
Ok. This is tough for me to explain and may not be what's going on w/ her, but here's my two cents:  Sometimes we ENFJs can want the relationship with our hearts and not our minds. We crave love...
My brother is an ISTP and so I know where you're coming from. We ENFJs aren't intentionally manipulative. That's why we seem oblivious. My bro & I are pretty tight tho, so don't give up on all of us...
It sounds like she could be depressed. Depression radically changes a person's personality & behavior. Also, ESTPs & ESFPs can be very self-focused anyway. Depression can turn this into downright...
Cheating Husband - LOL!!!! So true... So true...
I love my ISTJ sister VERY much. But her ST drives me crazy & my NF drives her crazy. I try to understand and give her what she needs but feel that she cares less about my feelings than I do about...
We ENFJs have a knack of putting people at ease & making everyone happy & appreciated & comfortable. It's something that is only a burden when we feel that we've 'wasted' our energy and support &...
1. I've lived in Massachusetts all my life 2. I speak two languages fluently (english & asl) 3. I love peppermint ice cream. 4. I have a cat named henry 5. I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses (and...
Just to be clear - I have absolutely no intention of ever asking him out again. In fact, I'm not even sure that I would open my heart to him again if he did miraculously change his feelings toward...
I agree! ESTJs like introverts. Anyone who doesn't challenge their ideas, values or authority. My dad is an ESTJ happily married for over 30 years to my INFP mom (the one thing he has a hard time...
Anxiety: happens  Baseball: don't get it Coloring: love it Driving: a chore Eating: yum! Family: love them!!! Grandma: 91 years old Hiking: beginner Ice Cream: peppermint Juggling: cool but...
Anxiety: Baseball: Coloring: Driving: Eating: Family: Grandma: Hiking: Ice Cream: Juggling:
It is hard to define femininity and masculinity because it can vary from culture to culture and even from person to person. It can also vary for the same person due to time lapse and/or chemicals...
It is hard to define femininity and masculinity because it can vary from culture to culture and even from person to person. It can also vary for the same person due to time lapse and/or chemicals...
What is your type: Your gender: Your culture(not necessarily race):   Do you find feminine women more attractive than masculine? What is femininity?   Do you find masculine men more attractive...
This was the thought I had in the back of my head for the past 6 months. But I figured I was projecting my personality onto him because I tend to respond the same way to interest. But are you an...
This cracked me up!! No, I'm not going to oogle him. I deserve to be adored and he doesn't so he's not worth my deep emotions. But he is a great guy and I'd hate to lose his friendship because I had...
I want to talk to him but was not able to at first. Then I didn't see him for three months as I was away with family. Now I'm back and unsure of his reaction to me. I will hope that things work...
Thank you for this reply!! It fits in so well with what I know of my INTJ friend and is that final push I needed to really be able to move on emotionally 100%!  I don't want someone to settle for...
I am confident that this guy is not going to change and I've come to terms with it and hope to stay friends. But what has made you change your mind about someone?  I'm so curious because until I...
In this situation both apply. It would be wrong and although there may be mutual attraction, there is no way that these two people could ever have a relationship. No matter which method was used.  ...
Would it make any difference if you thought you could get the desired results even though you knew it was wrong? And in either situation, would you behave differently to this person? Possibly...
Your type: ENFJ   Opinion: ENTP- I don't think I know any. From reading threads on their forum they are very stubborn & argumentative just to show their debating skills. Not a fan of that. As...
I think it's great that u r able to deal with things by positive thinking. However, you P is so different than our J. Ps are able to handle change and surprises much more easily than Js. We don't...
I don't know if I can claim to have come back out of this same type of situation entirely, but medicine has helpped. I didn't realize that I was depressed until I just had a melt down. But I felt the...
Just wanted confirmation as this is what I already assumed. :o)  So, at the time, we both said we'd like to remain friends. But I needed time to process my emotions. Now I'm ready to be friends....
As an ENTJ how would you act toward someone you were interested in if you felt that expressing that interest directly/overtly/verbally was inappropriate or unlikely to yield the results desired? This...
About six months ago, an INTJ guy told me he wasn't interested in my romantically and didn't think he ever would be. Is there any chance he'll change his mind? We see each other about twice a week at...
What part needs explaining?  We always feel that we know what will help the people we love. And we have to tell them so that they can benefit themselves. It's stubborn beneficiance rather than...'"


5007: '*Huggle-cuddles*
Hehehe. I knew you would. =P
I think it's important that you apply for things that might seem slightly out of reach because one day one of those opportunities is going to surprise you and it will be amazing! As far as the...
Bebe. I haven't stopped watching you since I first laid eyes on you. < 3
I have found that my reaction in such circumstances varies depending on the person who is making the suggestion (and how strongly are they making this suggestion, why are they making this suggestion...
I think I relate pretty intensely. Chronic discontent seems both apt and lacking, almost like flipsides of a coin where the matter has two defining aspects. Inevitably, it leaves me with the taste...
Squeeeee! *Huggles* As always, it was incredible talking with you. So beautiful and understanding a person! Thankieeees. <3
I am terrified of dying, partly out of some ridiculous appreciation for life and partly because the idea of not being here if my son (or other family members/friends) needs me is distressing. I'm...
Don't listen! The Pizza ones are - hands down - the best! Mm. <3
Maybe I want to be a cat. Maybe I am a cat. Maybe I was just born this way. Mew!
If JuJu is collecting INTPs I want access! Hehe.
I'm an ENFJ and my mum is an ENFP. Our relationship hasn't always been perfect, but she has been an amazing mother and is a beautiful person. I really love her parenting methods. <3
Oh my, I just saw this. I would love to meet you, too, Dan! Hehe. <3  (In fact, your entire list is full of awesome people I would thoroughly enjoy meeting!)
Oh yes, Tinychat is another option. I have Skype premium, though - so whenever I'm on video calling is a possibility. :)
Your Top Character Strength        Kindness You are kind and generous to others, and you are never too busy to do a  favor. You enjoy doing good deeds for others, even if you do not know  them...
I've only participated in one Google Hangout 'session' before, but what I've seen of it is cool. If someone starts one there too, let me know please? I'd love to join in. =]
I would love to be your friend! Hehe.  On the Skype topic - there is an ENFJ group and there are also a few INFJ Skype groups (that have two or three of us ENFJs as well as a few INTPs). Some of...
Wow, talk about waking up an old thread, but I have to get this out somewhere:  I confess that my heart is breaking without you, but I'm doing the right thing, right? The right thing for you (even...
I'm also an ENFJ and have experienced this (I would tend to agree with the above comment that it is a typical self-preservation response/coping mechanism), but also something along a similar line......
Please don't think me rude (it is not my intention to be abrupt or mean): My understanding is that Bi-Polar Disorder and Borderline Personality Disorder are actually two clinically different (on top...
After much deliberation:  6w7 - 4w3 - 9w8 || So/Sx
Hey... Please add me to this! littlemisssith is my Skype username. I love my time on the INTP and INFJ chats - why not with my ENFJs? ^.^
Trying to attend? Bahaha. I think you mean assistant-coordinating and definitely attending. ;]
Dan, you know I'll be there in a heartbeat, as long as it's possible. Haha. I vote for either Australia or somewhere in the northern states or maybe Canada, then I can see something different! I'll...
Ehehehe. Thank you. ^^;
599995999759998  I thought I better take the plunge and post in here, haha. I typed INFJ for a long time, but it's pretty obvious to me and everybody else that my Fe comes first. ;D Orange is...
I confess that, at times, I have doubts. About me. About you. About us. I also confess that these doubts are consuming more and more of me and I think it's starting to show.
Anyways just curious on a scale of 1 to 10 how much do you enjoy sex and/or being aroused also how high is your sex drive in relation to those.  Enjoyment of sex/arousal: 10 Sex Drive:...
Another vote for the internet, hehe. I do agree with one of the previous comments, though: perhaps focus on learning to spot us INFJs (no we don't all look like kittens ;P) and go from there. =]
And it was 45 today! Haha.  No, really, Adelaide's weather is fantastic. I've lived in FL and in the UK and it beats both by far. =]
Metro Adelaide, SA. Finally got my permanent residency! ;D
Hey there fellow INFJ. I hope you enjoy your time here at the cafe. I know I have so far. =]
I don't have a big picture for the world or any grand plans for change. I simply want to become a midwife and help women achieve the positive experience they (and their babies) deserve out of birth....
I'm glad somebody else feels like their change from teenage years has  led to a now me. I feel like I'm still learning who my now me is,  but I can feel the change is significant enough to...
Thanks for the welcome. I will go find the gaming forum and have a look around. =]
I used to try, some years ago. Mostly when I tried to write a song, though, I had started out with the exact intention. I always found the words fairly easy, but a melody and the rest? Haha. Nooo,...
Birthday: October 22nd  Sun: Libra Ascendant: Libra Moon: Sagittarius Chinese Zodiac: Metal Horse  I am very much a cusp Libra/Scorpio (the Scorpia, haha) and I can also relate to much of...
So, aside from my avatar/profile photo, here's me:  http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v448/crazynloveless/PerC/2012-12-2112-00-13008a_zps59a14901.jpg ...
Because I am sat here reflecting on what once was, what is and what could be, I am feeling nostalgic. Please excuse the ___ present throughout the poem (if you can see them, I made them white). I...
I have found myself wondering many times whether I would have been better suited to an extrovert of any kind. I feel some times that both of us being introverts leads to us living in our own worlds...
I feel like that is so true (when they feel like it in particular). My INTJ husband keeps all of his computer files perfectly organised and compartmentalised. The same goes most of the time for his...
That pretty much hits the nail on the head. I have had to make an exception at work, though, as sales (as previously mentioned by livingunique333) does tend to hold it as a requirement. I have to...
Hiya, fellow INFJ. =] What was it about the relationships with INTJs that you feel failed the relationship (if I may ask)? I find I struggle a lot with the T/F differences (and it makes me want to...
The only people I know who have actually typed themselves (and made me aware of the fact) are an INFJ and a few INTJs. So I couldn't say definitively how many INTPs I've met and spoken with. Always...
Sun: Libra Ascendant: Libra Moon: Sagittarius Venus: Libra  Hmm. A whole of lot Libra going on there. After a quick read on having my moon in Sagittarius, I can definitely see some serious fits...
I am the oldest of two children, my half-brother being born seven and a bit years later than myself. I'll have to ask him to try out the Myers-Briggs test, but I'd say he's definitely introvert as...
Hi all. I'm new to the cafe and also to enneagram typing (so mine could  potentially be off). However, I'm an INFJ and apparent 4w5, 9w1, 6w5 -  sx/sp. I'm twenty-two and live in Oz.  I'd be pretty...
Ooh, sounds fantastic. Thank you. ^.^ I wonder where they're lurking... =P     Thank you to both for your welcomes. =]
Hiya, fellow INFJ. Oh my goodness, yes PLEASE on the manuals. Especially when I consider the possibility of the following generation going through the same emotional roller coaster with as little...
Apdenoatis: 1w2, 2w1, 5w6 SX/SO (probably) perspicacious: 1w2 4w5 5w6  milli66: 1w9 - 4w5 so/sp Pterodactyl 1w9-5w6-2w1 so/sx   Younique: 2w1, 5w6, 1w9 sp/so TxWolves: 2w1, 6w5, 1w9 sp/so...'"


5047: yeah its kinda odd but i like polite people
reading book
when you are private
Since if i say something you will take it as an offence but i do wana say that cherish what you have a few ups and downs are in everyones life
well my four days holidays have ended i enjoyed them fully and make the most out of them now i am ready to go back to work tommorow
I think it depends on their personality some kids like toys some dont
so here is an interesting site with lots of girls and n9ice people plus i just joined today so we can have a blast lol its called interpals.net and here is me InterPals Penpals :: Azarth's Profile...
I had a very good one with both my parents
we are stubborn perfectionists
nah most of the stuff on dating sites is fake if you wana date you should do it in real life
I think its best to be open with people rather then keeping pain inside i used to keep things to myself and that was the reason i was unhappy most of the time just be open
Yeah because they dont value what they have until its gone
egg and tea
amazing speech
Its good to have knowledge but if you are going to classify you will have very little options left still to each his own
during work i am an extroverent aside from work i am an introverent
when you are a perfectionist
Phone  purse keys ballpoint
hermionie of course
no never in my life
aweosum for you
coffee nah i like tea
No i am the only one in my family who is an infp
aeroplanes by bob
I never pick up phone . I hate talking on it
when i was around 18.
infj no denying it
hey thats the whole fun of this site .
I am called the most polite person i dont think you should care but its good to be on the positive side of people rather then on negative side
your observation i am interesting to hear it lol
our major is like every person who is in sales is people the biggest skill set of them all
sometimes a time alone can do you wonders
I cant explain because you cant understand
are you trying to pull my leg ?
Whenever in life i meet someone great i kinda feel more confident and more passionate in my life i met these really great people who have nothing who were handicaped but instead of weeping and...
no comment
well i am available to all you hotties just message me lol you deserve the best like me
For example If someone has a lot of social i study their methods made a little twinkling of it on my own and then adopt it and make it a part of my personality thats the reason i have similarities...
me i tend to adopt the best of peoples abilities and make them my own
congratulations
yeah obvious isnt it
I dont believe any kind of classification can be 100 percent valid as human nature is aklways changing and growing
Every talented person is always different what matters is how you take a stand that alone give you appreciation or bullying
It depends on your own perspective i think sex is sacred and i should wait for the right person to have it with its not just a physical activity  its more then that but to each his own
koftey naan and sweerdish with tea
by adapting you are slowly moving towards a change
i didnt mean to offend you or anything
I will tell you a secret girls are great but dont revolve your life around them needless to say i wish you the best of luck go and have fun with that one D
why fall in love try good old flirting saves you a lot of trouble ?
music and music"


5063: 'Hey all! Jeez I'm still having laptop issues!  Jawz (I always preferred that name!) thats great about you and your mum, keep it going, you two need each other :)  KC, hope you are doing ok, how...
Hi All,  I've missed being here, I've been really busy and my laptop is broken :( so I only have access at my part-time job.  Any gossip? Is everyone doing ok?  Whats happening, fill me in...
Thank you SilentScream, Happy about Nothing. and kiwigrl  I have been so busy...squidge and I have been sick with coughs and colds but we are on the mend now :) I'm exhausted to be honest! I don't...
NUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORK!!  Definitely the coolest place...only there for 4 days but thought it was cool, I'd imagine san francisco would be my perfect place....
Well I wouldn't be as confrontational as to say that comment was innapropriate if it was unintentional, but what I'd do is try to rephrase it for the person so that it doesn't sound so...
Please don't! IMHO you keep it going! You can't retire...I won't allow it ;)
@SilentScream  that group sounds intriguing! There is a meditation using the om mani padme hum mantra which sounds quite similar, its less about clearing the mind and more about metta which is...
kiwigrl I know, I know, I really don't like what I become when I'm angry...I'm blushing writing this but man the things I've said to people in anger...really really hurtful. I would normally cut...
@SilentScream ...that actually is making a lot of sense. I'm actually thinking this set of values I have goes all the way back to my grandmothers influence....its been passed down and I feel the...
You are one year old today little boy!!! You are no longer the tiny fragile little baby that I held so close...in those first few days after you were born I think I must have kissed you a thousand...
What makes me question it, is that in some areas of my life I'm completely disorganised...I can't seem to keep all the balls in the air iykwim?? I get totally stressed out if my house gets...
SilentScream...meditation, its truly the key to contentment...I have gotten out of the habit of meditating, and I have been meaning to do a refresher course just to get motivated again. When I was...
I think you are right, that is probably unrelated to type, I am sure in all of our shadow sides there is a lot of anger..to the point where we can be blinded by it and let it lead us to carry out...
It is like something you would see in a How to manage people course...you know the kind of course that they send team leaders on in big corporate companies. And it reminds me of when I worked in IT...
I get the feeling with ENFJ's our own anger isn't something we feel at all comfortable talking about. Because its a negative emotion and anger, if expressed, usually hurts the person we are...
Love these kind of posts!!  Homosexuality? Is one of several different kinds of sexualities in the sexuality spectrum. It is not the sexuality that I have been inclined towards, either by choice or...
Me too kiwigirl...I sway between INFP-ENFJ-ENFP and sometimes even INFJ!!! But this clears a lot up for me too thank you SilentScream
I think part of the reason why I was shy was because there was a 9 year gap between my older sister and I and then a 6 year gap between my younger sister and I, so for a lot of early childhood I was...
well, I'm only telling you all this because you are all NF's but when I was about 8 years old I flew...No, I really did. In our house you could start running at the front door, through the hallway...
I believe thats an Irish tune???
Just found this by chance on stumbleupon...love it!!  x93Unless itx92s mad, passionate, extraordinary love, itx92s a waste of your  time. There are too many mediocre things in life. Love shouldnx92t be one...
A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks, he becomes. - Mahatma Gandhi   The curious paradox is that when I accept myself just as I am, then I can change. -  Carl Rogers  ...
My unhealthy ways of coping with stress are smoking, eating and shopping :(  My healthy ways are yoga, meditation, walking in nature, reading.
Great Idea...that calls for a new thread fantasy bucket list my mind is working overtime already!
marzipan01 tall, gangly, and gracefully clumsy Thats just my type ;) Yes, I think perhaps I do feel intimidated around them.
Hmmm...interesting. I don't usually connect very well with any s types, only on a surface level. I know some ISTJ's, they tend to want to either protect me and view me as a vulnerable stupid little...
1. Visit India, not just on a tourist coach, but actually to spend some time there exploring, living, experiencing life there.  2. Get my accreditation  3. Have my own thriving vegetable garden ...
Haha, yes I looked...but didn't post, found it a bit intimidating. ESFJ's are very straightforward!! My sis would probably be intimidating to strangers...perhaps even menacing ;) but to me, she's my...
I'm posting this song, written by my very talented nephew Evan...I think he's an ENFJ. Perhaps a little immature and lost at the moment, but his creativity shines through...what do you think????  ...
I'd say she's an INFP??  I'm just the next island over from you in Ireland.  Welcome and well done on finishing the A levels and getting your place in university. Although I've never been to...
Virtual high-five for that!!! Big smile from me when I read it, Go you!  Eric sounds like a complete prick.
I did a workshop on MBTI, I was convinced before I took it that I was an ENFP or INFP, but through the weekend the guy taking the workshop said that on observation he was fairly sure I was ENFJ. He...
I love pondering these questions!!  What is Romance? It's lovely thats what it is! It's hard to define though...the actions, moods, feelings and thoughts of two people in love.      What are the...
Hi @affinity , I'm dying to know more about you! And welcome, I'm only here myself since May I think...but I love that I can post among people who understand me. I've learned so much about myself by...
Wow...my baby sis is an ESFJ...she's very feisty, tough as nails...great to have on your side, but scary to argue with! I'll take a look, my curiosity is getting the better of me!
Thank you very much, I am going to get started right away!
Really? I'm curious now....I kind of feel like I want to go in there and fix it all up and make everyone friends again!
Oooh..now I've got lots and lots of questions for you penguinfrk!  I have wanted to have a blog, but I don't know whats cool and whats not in the blog world...where is a good place? How to start? I...
Everyone will wake up tomorrow morning with the ability to use 5% more of their brain. Just 5%, its a small ask!!!!! Just imagine what we could achieve with that 5% collectively!
I just tend to have a belief, no matter what comes my way, that people are good and that people will choose to do the right thing rather than the wrong thing in most situations...and perhaps thats...
Very powerful post! I think I love your mum too!!! You may have temporarily lost the connection, but a mamma who loves her baby boy like she loved you doesn't ever stop loving him...and while the...
I'm not sure you are aware of it but you come across as extremely arrogant...and well, silly!  I'm a buddhist, I know the significance of the lotus flower...yet I and  plenty of other buddhists...
Crono, I love it when someone explains something I have wondered about in a really clear, easy way! Thanks! I have questioned whether I'm an extrovert many times...your explanation makes a lot of...
Yep, I would agree with gurlygurl here. I love to communicate. I'm just fussy about who I communicate with and what I communicate to whom. I really don't have anyone in my life at the moment whom I'd...
what he says!!:wink:
What has your interest in Eastern Philosophy got to do with anything?  it's the word polluted that makes you sound judgemental...perhaps you could use a less offensive word? You may have an...
Oh I'm so glad for you and your mum. I often wonder what Noah will be like as an adult, what will he look like, what type of persone will he be and what will he think of me.   Remember this one...
You say I have polluted by body with tattoos and in the next breath tell me you are not here to judge??????
The person I love the most, is the person I have known for the shortest amount of time out of all my family and friends. I have known him almost 1 year (in 16 days). Well, I had known him quite...
He is a very unhealthy ENFJ I would say...the clinginess is something I would worry about...because an overly needy ENFJ could quite quickly turn to irrational rage if they feel they are being...'"


5118: I don't know man, that just sounds like someone who is depressed, regardless of type.
Wh1zkey I have a colleague who I suspect is ESTP and wondered why he seems to often gravitate towards me. We don't really work together that much but whenever he sees me he makes conversation and is...
Any thoughts would be appreciated. :happy:
Not really! I like the shy ones and if anything want to keep them to myself rather than share the secret that is their awesomeness.
Love inspires me. Being alive inspires me.
Isn't that to an extent the same thing? Think about it.... (or don't)
Promethea I choked on my tea
I noticed (both here and IRL) that a lot of INTPs worry about the future and 'what happens if I do this and that', which is great for planning and setting yourself up in the most beneficial position...
uncertain aw you guys are sooooo macarons! Teeny weeny little cute flavoursome macarons. Like breakfast cereal macarons.  Lol the Ferrero Rocher was kind of a little joke between the ENFJs. I hope...
Daniel_James_Maher We eat them like crazy over here in the UK.
I respect someone more if they disagreed and called me out than if they silently disagreed and continued to form an unsubstantiated opinion of me. The latter happens waaay more often than the former...
Ahh, my reasoning is that KitKats are your bog standard chocolate. Society's most popular break bar and very much a staple in any scenario (at least involving snacks)... Like an ISTJ: reliable, no...
grandpa2390 I meant to say, information not IRRELEVANT  Oops!
Little pockets of knowledge which contribute to an overall network... Was the best I could come up with. Then again I don't understand INTPs that well so counter arguments are welcomed!
I posted this over in the ENFJ forum and wanted to get some opinions on my estimations of each type as a chocolate or candy. What do you think? :D   Rationals:   ENTJ - Lion Bar ENTP - Pop...
I posted this over in the ENFJ forum and wanted to get some opinions on my estimations of each type as a chocolate or candy. What do you think? :D       Rationals:
I posted this over in the ENFJ forum and wanted to get some opinions on my estimations of each type as a chocolate or candy. What do you think? :D    Rationals:   ENTJ - Lion Bar ENTP - Pop...
Can't currently post images so text will have to suffice!  Rationals:  ENTJ - Lion Bar ENTP - Pop Rocks INTJ - Jawbreaker INTP - Jelly beans  Artisans:
*chocgasm*
@Chris Knight  I think some ENFJs' appearance of unwavering confidence is a little intimidating to others but what should be realised is that we are human too. Nobody is perfect or has it all...
There's a melancholy in his words that appeals to me on a personal level, I'm sure a little bit of that has to do with being an ENFJ :)
You don't have to feel useless! Nothing wrong with determining situations using feelings. For me, feelings BECOME fact. And I'm a teacher, so I have somewhat of a basis and experience :)  I think...
I've noticed ESFPs being quite good at reading people in the immediate moment, but not understanding motives (or the dynamics of Ni)  ISTJ/INTJs are surprisingly accurate too. But they don't...
One day, and I strongly believe it will be very soon, you will realise, that you should not have let me go.  And I will have moved on.
I find people with underbites really cute!
How about the classic?  81158  I feel the sophisticated packaging represents us too.
Absolute bliss! Could I play my rendition of Passenger's 'Let Her Go' that I've recently learned too? :)
I have 2 INFJ best friends and they are absolutely amazing. They get me. In every way. But there's a pay off. I find them scarily intense sometimes when I just want to be superficial and light, or...
Go for it! Awesome pairing.
Information was not relevant.... I'm glad you shared it. If you ever feel self conscious about that kind of content again feel free to PM mr
Clearly the best character.
Not to mention extremely pleasant to look at. The mere sight of us is happiness-inducing ;)
I'm curious as to your thought processes during the time that you contacted the person who would've been in my situation, would you care to elaborate?
I'm finding myself in a very strange situation now where he's thanking me for opening his eyes to a lot of factors about his personality and being on the receiving end of some long ass messages from...
It's like looking in the friggin mirrorrrr
platorepublic me too!
kiwigirl  Run! She is doing nothing good for you!
Kingpin ^3^
Devil They sound amazing! Definitely going to sign up on my return to the UK. And East to West is probably a longer commute than from where I live to my ENTJ! Well done! And thank you :)
Devil Strutting is one of my fave hobbies. So yessss! I am going to see where it goes with this ENTJ. The feelings for him never left despite my short lived romance with the INTP (boy you were...
The ENTJ in discussion has on more than one occasion told me he's attracted to my intellect, independence and creativity (blowing my own horn a bit there) and in a social context I do tend to...
That's the opposite of my ENTJ experience. Apart from one time when we were at loggerheads with each other over how I supposedly made the wrong choice of love interest (read: not him) we have been...
Interesting... Could you elaborate on this?
steffy y u ENTPs so nice to us!
@peoplesayimanahole I'm glad there are people who are able to appreciate what we as ENFJs have as positive traits. I think that too much negativity is put upon our understanding of emotionality,...
I was too pushy with my INTP boy. Hugest regret at this moment in time. What pissed me off is that I'm not usually even possessive. Don't know what came over me, wanting to cling on like that. Thing...
Funny, I actually said that (the part in bold) to someone the other week... and I do regularly feel this way. However this feeling normally resides when I am out for a purpose and have a set task at...
Lately I have been feeling really frustrated with myself, heartbroken, lonely and unmotivated. I distract myself from the heartbreak by talking to people, some of whom I'm aware of their romantic...
There's no other type I perceive as having more balls than the ENTJ :tongue: so your claim is somewhat valid    If type is anything to go by.... You ENTPs! Seriously don't know what's good for...
Similar values matter hugely. If the INTP I was dating had wanted a serious relationship (the semantics of which I will not go into because I doubt he was even sure what he wanted. Told me that he..."


5130: 'calm pleasant  soothing relaxing soft gentle blissful friendly easy-going dreamy
Yea you guys are awesome, truly appreciate all your responses, it's been helping me accept this lifestyle, because at the end of the day, I wouldn't change who I am for even a second.   @Happy...
I totally feel like that too, not wanting to be a role model. It gets awkward. Especially when people start to feel the need to act proper around me, and I just feel like goofing around or taking it...
Does anybody else feel that the picture painted for ENFJ's (in terms of generally for the type as a whole, for specific characters, and personally yourself) is usually completely off? Basically the...
I'm not sure but here's a list of character I feel are ENFJ's (I could be wrong, but these are the characters I relate too the most).  Vincent Chase from Entourage-  Doesn't let anyone or anybody...
You think Drake is a lil bitch?? :shocked:  Blahh everyone does, but lol funny comment.
Yea I agree, I think J Cole is one too. Which is why there will never be beef between the two, as much as people want it to happen.
Hello Nicolle! :proud:  I'm like you, my dream too is to become an actor. I should be in my third year of college but I took a break. I got lost and confused. I was studying for a Law degree, and I...
Dear Universe,  I wish you were perfect, but you're not. I wish I understood you, but I don't. I'm not quite sure what you're planning, but I hope you're listening, cause I'm gonna speak up. You...
I'm in the same boat. The same exact boat actually, and at this point I figured that when it comes down to it, I'm not down. Meaning it's simply not in my interest to party, or dance crazy in a...
Someone once asked me what I think of introverts, and my answer was that they usually have the best stories, and you just proved me right again. You haven't gotten to urge to take more adventures...
If someone told me based on my type who I should end up with...well Robert Downey Jr's words would come to mind:  Listen, Smile, Agree, and then do whatever the fuck you were gonna do anyways!  ...
I love cheese, the friendly cheeses, not the scary stuff. But of course, I'm lactose intolerant. FML.   They say the devil's water it ain't safe to drink, but it's ok to dip your feet in...every...
Those are actually phrases that speak very loudly to me, I know the feeling very well. I'm actually recovering from depression, and during these past two years I've been very introverted, and it's...
My reaction to this post is in the spoiler tag, click on it to see it.     http://lastfrag.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/2473273-page0_blog_entry34_mj_laughing1.gif  That Carlton...oh man,...
@BarryO  Read my last post. I can't stand cowards. But whatever I'll back out of the thread. I don't have time, nor do I really care that much, to deal with you.
Lol yea @Laeona I thought the same thing! That's why I was so surprised with all the replies, I didn't expect to get so many personal accounts, it's awesome! :proud:
You do know I added the some to your post. That's why I said fix'd.  And yes, I just checked and saw that you edited it in the original post. The original post did not include the some and I'm...
You ever hear people go How the heck did that guy get that girl with a cheesy line like that!?  Body Language and confidence. To a degree, it doesn't matter what you say, you can say all the...
Chinese Daydream Art  Very nice! I checked out your profile and the fact that you're self taught makes it all the more impressive. The one titled A Boy is Reading and playing his phone really spoke...
Fix'd. Don't be a prick talking definite of all Js.  And I love ENTPs you guys are hilarious. I wish I had more ENTPs in my life.
Um, this confused me, care to elaborate further? golden in terms of what?    Haha I was once with a girl (I think she was INFP, not sure), but what she loved about me was that I was able to make...
Haha you guys are so awesome, I feel confident and like I just made a bunch of new friends. I promise I'll use all of this info for good and not to manipulate anyone...I say that because the thought...
Woooah so much information! I just spent a good hour reading through each post in this topic with wide-eyes haha. Really, thank you...all of you. All of you guys gave me great perspectives and...
I like the to be the jack of all trades, and that involves knowing that there's a time and place for anything. At work, I have to enter work mode, so even though I don't like it, I know what needs to...
Wow so many good responses in such a short time! After this i'm going to bed guys but I hope to hear more from you guys in the morning!  @abrett44 Actually it was helpful, it made me laugh haha. But...
Haha at least you're honest about it.  :tongue:  The sooner we acknowledge our weaknesses the better for our development as a person, heck not just as a person but humanity as a whole. Your...
What makes you guys excited socially? To the point where you don't even realize till hours later just how extroverted you were being.    On a scale of home alone reading... to OMG there's a...
@abrett44 Read through the topic bro she realized her mistake and apologized. I certainly don't mean to speak for her, as I could be wrong, but it seems like she was just really caught up in her...
Awesome, I'm pretty sure you'll find some enjoyment out of it. Although common gripes with the game is the lvl50 cap (idk if they raised it yet) and the somewhat lack of endgame content. Also some...
I played it. Very fun game, had to stop because my laptop has overheating issues (nothing to do with the game).  I would say the best thing about it (if you're a starwars fan like me), is being...
HIMYM Quote! Awesome! I just saw the new episode and had to rewatch the scene at the end 100 times because...well...just watch!  SPOILER ALERT!! it's emotional porn btw, but there's still tons of...
Morena Wow thank you for that post. I'm really curious as to what type you are now, because you pulled a 180 and completely won me over in one move. I'm sorry if I came off harsh. Your way definitely...
So you decide to make a (WILD!) generalization on all the feelers based on your personal experiences? Doesn't sound too logical to me.    Ok so now you're just narrowing it down to the women in...
Twilight? Get out of here. 1st movie was a blur, 2nd movie was a lesson learned never to be repeated.  True Blood on the other hand, seriously good stuff. All the real vampire goodness you'd expect...
I've never dated an INFJ, but my mom is one so I may have some advice for ya.  One of the things most noticeable about INFJ is that some have trouble delivering their ideas or thoughts. It could...
Hey guys, I hope I'm not intruding but in the game forum I posted a game for writers. The overall goal is to create an interesting and compelling story from the combined minds of PerC members. I...
Hey there!  Wow that's some good insight. I'm still familiarizing myself with the cognitive functions but I was able to follow along and make sense of what you're saying. When you put it like that...
Yea when you're on camera, and you watch yourself afterwards...and catch yourself looking around all distracted, it's pretty embarrassing. I think it takes a hell of a lot of focus to keep staring at...
You can train yourself out of it? :shocked:  I noticed this as well. I also noticed that part of it is that I'm always looking around and checking the area, taking note of every detail that...
That was the most epic motivational post I've read so far on this forum.   INFP are truly awesome.
Well there you go @refugee you got input from an ENFJ guy and girl, you should be good to go!  Some more advice is to be confident, and don't shy away from eye contact. Also dress and smell nice....
That was an AWESOME answer! Gave me great perspective. I think without even realizing it I was leaning towards something similar to how you handled it with the basketball player. Listen to the music...
Yea Illuminati specifically. But I've always been open to the possibility that they were a part of it to begin with, what threw me off was the honest gestures being aired out. Because then it became...
Willpower. Dedication. Resolve. Strength. Conviction.   Those words...people, quotes, and stories who radiate them can really pump me up  65756  This picture was too big to put in little...
I have a question open to anyone. Have you ever had a favorite music artist of yours, that's been someone genuine and who restores faith in humanity, be aired out to be a satan follower?   I'm...
Input from an ENFJ. If you care for my advice, then don't expect much if you outright tell her Hey want to go out?.   From your post you made it clear that you have a romantic history. One that...
Right now, this song is my favorite!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pf4aSxDvlPw
Awesome JoanCrawford, that's definitely going to be a fun one to answer!
Thanks for the support Falling Leaves! Good question and I already got an interesting answer for it ;)  But so far only 1 question huh? I'll let this topic float around awhile longer to see if it...'"


5141: I don't participate in most holidays, a big part of that is knowing their origin. The only exception being Halloween.  The atmosphere of Christmas does seem like evil to me. People obsessing  over...
Same sentiments, my friend. When you're in a good mood, you're in a really good mood, dialed to 11.  The attentiveness of Fe bridled with J is what gives that air of formality when you're more...
And this, I believe, is the number one point to take into consideration.   Often these people don't change, not because they wouldn't truly have the ability, but because they have no self...
Well the thing is domestic cases range in variety and sometimes have nothing to do with hitting a woman. If there was a distinction just for hitting women, sure.  Though I don't think one should be...
I've had the same also, it's typically when I'm not in fun mode and getting to know someone new.  Usually it happens after I ask them a question. I don't say anything sometimes to let them go on. ...
That's creepy, don't do that.  If you see her, apologize to her and make a joke, that way you'll be friendly with her if that's your intention.
My friendship only goes so far.  You've been misconstruing what I've said about trial. One wonky case with media involved doesn't illustrate the facts.   You know what's right and wrong....
Well, were dancing by this point, my friend.  There's not much that can be said that hasn't been already.  These aren't that complex a situation. The majority (everybody) must be considered, both...
It's not so much that there's mistakes, it's that these things aren't planned in advanced as mentioned earlier. Majority of the time as I said it's a spur of the moment, and lots of times having...
I wouldn't believe it's necessary to have more than a handful of evidence.  You don't need a full blown investigation for your usual case. The majority cases of killing aren't done in an...
Even a trial with no death sentence is still a large sum of money.   These cases will always be expensive, due to their meticulous nature. Going to trial for murder is something that has to be...
Have you ever met truly immoral people?  They will continue to do what they see fit, almost without control. They're  almost completely unaware. A lot of people, such as sexual offenders  will...
That would've been great growing up.  Much time would be spent on personal goals.  Then after that I would obtain many animals and train them to be as close to people as I could. Hopefully I...
I took it as being primarily highly right brained but being able to actuate succinctly through your left is a sign of higher intelligence. And the cons of it.     I think the first paragraph of...
Maybe they're just zombified with nothing to think of.  One could only imagine what decades of the same repetitive manner of thinking will leave your brain with. It may have nothing to do with...
My reply, awkward? Nothing to say?  Maybe I should choose with my small talk more wisely...
It's always funny when these subjects are made complicated. Masculinity and femininity in bone structure are the highest driving factor in sexual attraction. Square defined face, round soft face,...
*Rubs back*  There, there.  The kind to cause massive havoc outside I assume.    And yeah, the body stops growing after 25.
May the heavens grace this thread with towelettes.  I say go for it, it'll come in handy for future use and bring a giggle out at that.   To be fair you did have it down since the first post. It's...
I wouldn't say they're unicorns. They're not really different from anyone else. Everyone's human. Only reason it's ever occurred thematically personally is because of ultra high Ni usage since an...
Oh no. At least you're honest.   Since 21 most serious relations I've been in have been with slightly older women. Granted the difference is virtually non-existent if it's ~7 years.
Such a long post deserves praise. The quote of the year is in there.  I was going to have him read my last post, expect him to deny, then ask him for specific questions.    Real men drink...
The joke totally went over my head the first time.      I'm impressed, seduced. Better be careful, you might earn yourself a hot date.  You don't really associate with under-aged women do you,...
If you don't wish to ignore people and have a problem with that, then that's not part of your true personality and something that's holding you stagnant.   No need to over rationalize into...
Just realized I completely missed a letter a the top of this page. Here I thought I was being accused of making up words.     Maybe you already have the ability, and thinking about it is the...
It's a good ability to have. People know they're being listened to, acknowledged. Eye contact, a touch, all these mean a lot.   It also makes brief interaction meaningful. Which works out great...
Plurals, plurals.  Maybe someone needs to break the eMold. I'd do it but it seems more effort than I'm willing to give.   Congrats, that period of struggling is always the best, and you'll feel...
Oh, those plebeians. I admit I giggled.  Be yourself, do what you want but don't violate the will of others.
Moi? But my posts are filled with such nosensicalities.   How have you been Mister Eggsies.
Wisdom is only information and experience applied. Wisdom and information go hand in hand, friends.     It was a person in observance of my usual outings, to make a long story short.   I first...
So many necro'd threads.  I'm debating if I should reply or let them quietly slip back into their graves.
I knew a person who was bonkers and into that scene.  She swore I was a vampire. Literally.  And it was quite humorous.
Gabriel von Max, as of this writing.  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3a/Gabriel_von_Max_Die_ekstatische_Jungfrau_Katharina_Emmerich.jpg...
Imagine if that person put all that energy into something productive, they'd be a winner.
Hopefully I won't be inspiring any ideas.   There was a website I had browsed, we knew what we looked like.  Eventually I stopped browsing, a lot of  people I didn't see the need to keep up with....
Like a boss.  Carry a pistol in there? The internet's a unpredictable place.     I can see how that would be thought, considering all my interest on the subject. My avy is Syd Barrett.     ...
I admit, a giggle or two were had.   I don't think you can fault one for not reading an MBTI  book, when in fact most people don't even read the (much more concise) source of which MBTI is based....
Good, a natural culmination. Dare I change subjects?  I don't know if were political frenemies or estranged strangers.   It's fun, and it's a great exercise in spacial awareness too. If you're...
I think we've discussed plenty of behaviors to form a proper opinion. The facts are facts, you don't need to look at someone else's narrative to form your own opinion.  @alienambassador  has a well...
And whatever glimmer of hope Reagan had, after being shot, he certainly      had a change of mind. Which makes me think to what extent can  someone     fully be in control without some in-fighting...
If he believes she's genuine, he's certainty out of his mind and it's good he's been left out before being elected. Plus he's getting what he deserves, being greeted by a terrific sea of boo's by his...
*rubs back*  I think  deep inside you know the answer to that one.  I'm secretly on your side.    That's the same that's said about old cars. The analog feel and connection.
Masculinity will never succumb to a trend. For as long as biology exists and there are hormones, no matter what you're pre-conditioned to.  Your logic of doing nothing is the same as saying one...
Good to see you too Miss Alien.   Into motorsports?   Been thinking of getting into bikes after becoming bored with cars, but I've never learned to ride.     Allow me to alleviate you of...
It only comes down to two things; what makes sense and taking action in what you have a problem with. More so the former, as the latter is only a result of it.  Action speak louder than words, and...
Hah, you're not weird. I'm the one who's read a bunch of weird books. In  the general discussion thread you can find posts I made about reading a  book where the author said there were butt-naked men...
That's because Renaissance Artists are far superior than those of today in terms of technicality. People don't practice like they used to. Art has less value and schools emphasis on left brain...
Now all foot sitters will be socially profiled.
I still think about her every couple few years, and what was the scope of influence she had.  I've never read that book, sounds good. As for personal favorite, I can't choose just one, but in terms...
You need look no further than whats already happened. The general lunacy in behavior.  Her  having classified intelligence illegally, which threatens our security and could have us all blown to..."


5157: 'Paul is definitely an INFP, and Art is most likely an INFJ.
Noooo. INFP
I too can't hide my emotions when they're very strong. Faking it until we make it is what we ENFJs sometimes do. I try to always be happy sometimes to make others happy. A lot of my friends tell me...
Thank you very much. I'm sure things will sort themselves out in the future.
I always pick friends carefully. They aren't my friend until I know them.  Alcohol was involved on the night she went off on me, but she was still pissed the next day and is still pissed. She's...
In my life, so far, it seems that no one hears me. I will listen with such dedication to anyone, but when everyone is quiet for a little while, I start to talk and someone almost immediately...
I'd wait. I'm sure most of us would. It's all worth it in the end when the expressions come out :)
But it's not! Just express the feelings. We can't always know how you feel. You guys internalize way to well. Show us the Happiness!
Then we can tear them down quickly and efficiently! :D
If cuddles and snuggles are your layers, I think us ENFJs can out layer you :)
I'm always down for that :)
It's worth the patience and effort :D
Not weird at all. Many woman want that kind of thing. You just happen to be more specific. We'd totally fall in love with your caring side and make it come out more. Or at least try to. And we would...
I'm trying to balance that myself as well. It's true, listening too much can be an issue. You have a voice and it should be able to get a point or thought across :)
Definitely confront her about it. She would likely appreciate you sharing your thoughts with her and would wanna solve any issues or questions you may have :)
Listening is important. I too like to sit back and listen. My voice is never really heard in any social group so I'm starting to not bother. When you say she looks at you with intensity, what do you...
Interesting teacher. I would get to know her more if I were you. And the only people you should care about what they think of you are people you care about. But even then, being yourself is way...
We do that when we notice something amazing about someone or something. Such as their personality or something like that :3
This is true. The ending can be such a relief.
Perhaps they were driving and only took a glimpse of the text and forgot to actually read it and reply by the time they got to their next destination. Happens to me every now and then. Or perhaps...
Being an ENFJ, in my opinion, telling her it in person would be the best. As long as you don't sound like you NEED to tell her. Like if you come at her and say it sort of abrasively, like you NEED to...
I would not be the slightest offended. I would answer in full honesty. I second what Eggsies said, I would be flattered :D
You are beautiful! And your about me I found to be even more intoxicating :)
ENFJ guy here. I advise you just go with what's natural. Don't worry about personality theories. Categorizing things just makes the magic go away. Let it come to you. Do what you feel like. ENFJs are...
We do things unconditionally. Knowing our generosity helps you is all we need to make us happy. Though we don't need anything in return, receiving something is always a joy :)
I have 10 on the class scale. Swag is for dumbasses.
Charlie is an ENFJ 2w1. He's quiet, shy, and unhealthy do to his awful past. Sam is an ESFJ And Patrick is an INFP
*hug!<333*
Personally, an ENFJ and INFP relationship is pure magic. My best and closest friend, like a brother or my other half, is an INFP and I've told him that if he was a girl I would love to him. He said...
I'm in the same situation with an INTJ. She knows I love her and she loves me, but she says a relationship between us would never work.
Honestly, with enough reality, ENFJs can be just like INTJs deep down. I have an INTJ who is purely objective. Him and I relate so much and bounce off each other with Different concepts, ideas, or...
You and I are identical. We are exactly the same (based on all of this that you said about yourself). However I'm not fortunate enough to have an INFP partner and I don't mind being on stage. I too...
This is all true. Very good answer my good sir :)
What do you mean by playing with things around you? And I never act macho, ever. I don't know what to make of that, unless it's for humor, then I can understand that. Liking your energy, your...
He likely is attracted to you. We ENFJs may be social and all, but often, when we're attracted to someone, we usually remain a tad quiet or awkward (relating to him acting weird around you). Don't...
I know how that feels. It seems us ENFJ's have this common issue. We get lonely and it's hard to find one who could fit in the heart shaped hole. I recently disliked myself to thepoint of trying...
1. Yes. Sometimes, all of our interaction with people can lead us to frustration, annoyance, or impatience with others. It happens.  2. Having energy is definitely common for us. We're such spunky...
What's wrong?
I'm sorry to hear that you're frustrated. I too hate having my questions unanswered or have people pretend if I never said a thing. So there's a type that you do not know that keeps ignoring your...
He is probably loathing contacting her. She's probably a past entity that he just wants to forget and doesn't want to make contact with. Just make it more clear that he should contact her to get her...
By all means, share away. I'm glad you're another ENFJ with the same problem
Personally, I feel ENFJ's are the most misunderstood type. A lot of people say ESFP's are, since they claim they're not as simple as they seem. But honestly, no one talks about, acknowledges, or...
To be unloved.
I love your mind :)
I mean, yes I help others to make me happy. But I don't do it just for that. I do it because the world needs more givers. The modern world has become so broken that any person who is selfless and...
I love half-nakedness/nudism too! It's so liberating. And occasionally i like to be pampered-spas, saunas, massages, etc. Very occasionally though. Dancing and singing is one of my pastimes that I...
I'm quite the optimist. Though I have been in dark places. I was deeply depressed for a year and a half, but I got out of it. A teacher helped me better understand myself and I was happy after that....
I'm an ENFJ, and I can understand his position. We have an uncontrollable need to help people. It's our universal ability that cannot be changed. Past relationships are hard to leave, especially if...'"


5167: 'So, If a Christian is a follower of Jesus, what is a follower of the bible? Bible-thumping ignorant of the the new age and it's requirements of people. The nuclear family is dissolving to make way...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFLhGq0060w
Tears come from the heart and not from the brain. Leonardo da Vinci Read more at: https://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/authors/l/leonardo_da_vinci.html
I think their charter is too vague but at the same time seems to have merit. http://www.un.org/en/sections/what-we-do/
from whom exactly though? and how do you suppose an action like that would organize and attempt? what would be the resistance to it?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72UO0v5ESUo
i've also tried amish onion patties. they aren't bad but they aren't great as they are fried. they taste just like onion rings but are way easier to make.
what would make the UN stronger? i don't follow politics that much, but my impression of the UN is that they aren't to be trusted. i don't know why. it feels like a false opinion but at the same time...
Will you please change my name from starfairy to MsBrightside . Thank you.
Thank you! :)
This world is too fast. I am slow. This world is too smart. I have a simple mind. If you aren't a doer or have no power, what's the point of getting involved in politics? Where's the money...
I just finished watching Vanity Fair with reese Witherspoon. I thought it was really good. It's been a while since I could say that about a movie.
who sings this song? can you tell me?
Daulaire's Book of Greek Myths is a fun book. It's a children's book but if I remember correctly it was very good. Besides that, another book that I used to have that is actually very good is the...
lol, i can't rememeber
humanity  a cesspit of judgement of one another, weapons to kill, fragile life, kill us all.
It says NBC News.
probably for the same reason any other woman would cut their hair short, and as far as not trying to be a jerk, i wouldn't say you were being a jerk, more like an insensitive bitch. just like why...
lol, i never thought of that being a possibility
reality check is a wanker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Np7A1bT3lrg
does she really need to have two legs?
Glorify Israel Against the Arabs - Hallelujah
is that lotus on you? it's awesome! i like the mad hatter.
gives a whole new meaning to the big bang - the really big bang
pinky threw a rocket at the wall and jorge had a good run with the ball, and they both took a look opened a book and said yes come one come in all
12-year-old is abducted and beaten by men, then 3 lions save her life  I just came across this today and thought i'd share it.
i feel like i'm disappearing like in Hot Tub Time Machine
dammit. dammit. damnit. shit.
i don't know. i wouldn't lock yourself in to considering yourself majorly introverted. your personality can change over time. that being said, so you are stalking him and he isn't reciprocating any...
tickle torture!
somebody turn off a light
so i am thinking about morality (read a bunch of series0 posts) and am wondering, if finding and expressing morality or being a moral person is the point of our lives, and morals are a system of...
One of the Harry Potters.
PINK FLOYD LYRICS Learning To Fly  Into the distance, a ribbon of black Stretched to the point of no turning back A flight of fancy on a windswept field Standing alone my senses reeled A...
ceiling cat ceiling cat everyone loves ceiling cat
either delete your account or maybe like don't bookmark the page or sign out so you'd have to sign back in. that might be a bit of a deterrent. besides that you will need to use your willpower. maybe...
i'm asian now too. you forgot the flied lice and egg rolls. no sucky sucky 4 u!
what do i get for three dollars?
david got me eating olives. yummy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjWQe3kZ56c La Pequena Amy Winehouse
that's what gives it it's flavor Pepsi is nutmeg.
I usually pick movies by following my favorite actresses/actors. Who are yours?  Mine are Kate Winslet and Cate Blanchett for women and Leonardo DiCaprio and Mark Wahlberg for men.
cinnamon oil
Herheinie Herheinie
i listened to a lot of this when i was 16  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRqob6oBRdE and Pink Floyd the Wall  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YR5ApYxkU-U I was kind of depressed back then.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTa8U0Wa0q8
lol i was scrolling down and i thought it said Why are You Pathetic?
you are probably being too hard on yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDWDQbdbd5c oops it's Pequena not pequeno'"


5246: 'Conflicted emotions... arguing myself into and out of them but above all still feeling the stress! Neither argument wins.
I have found myself in contradiction with my own beliefs. Due to my generally happy outgoing personality and wanting to help people, I have spent a lot of time letting go of things that have bothered...
May have been the long hot day and circumstances that have surrounded my life this summer, but I am exhausted and frustrated.
I honestly don't know if ENFJ's are more prone to abusive relationships, but I have been in them before. I get caught up in wanting to make someone else's life better and of course there is the honey...
Welcome to PerC. I have not heard of Neal Shushterman but I love to read too. One of my favorite authors is Mitch Albom. I will have to look up Neal Shushterman at the library and see if they have...
Also, are any of you members on ReptileGeeks? Signup » Reptilegeeks - The Best Reptile Community on the Internet!
Have any of you posted pics of your reptiles?
I am a reptile enthusiast! My boyfriend and I are currently planning on starting our own Ball Python breeding business. I have always been a fan of snakes. Used to freak my mother out when I was...
Dear Time,   I know I could be using you better right now giggles... but a glass of wine sounded promising! Ok, maybe I left out the glass but I am getting anxious about the long drive tomorrow. ^.^...
Dear Emerald Sea, *smiles* Sorry, Life kind of took off on me for a bit and drastically changed a bit. Wasn't really in the mood to share since it involved other people and I you know how it goes...
Dear life,   I'm so glad we are finally getting where I would like us to be. Yes it is a bit scary and overwhelming at moments, but I really believe things are going to be better.   Needed this...
I really want to hug you too for being a very supportive friend as well. Always welcoming and inviting and offering insight to others. Who could ask for a better friend?
*WARNING: Memory Lane Ahead*   I tried being a hairdresser once and my mom didn't like me cutting the curls out of my sisters hair, but my friends did love when I did theirs as I got older. Then I...
That is really sad, but unfortuantly some people can not see themselves from an outside perspective. Just have to be hopeful that someday they will move forward with time and experiences.
Always wanting to help out with everything and figuring out where to balance helping them vs. doing for me or is it tricky and Im really doing good for both, who knows. I have to tell you though, I...
I know the people pleasing thing was a problem I had in the past, but since I have moved and experienced more things, I have found I have a better balance and my life is more my own.. sometimes I...
.... You're super excited and everything else fades away and you can hardly focus on anything else (^.^)
Im just so super excited! I have been doing art work in my drawing class of course, but my pieces I have drawn are going into the Student Art Gallery next month. I feel like an artist. My teacher is...
I have 3.  The first one I got is an organic puzzle piece with half heart. It represents that all the pieces of our past is what makes up who we are today. It's organic because I love the Earth. The...
I have one older one and just got two a couple days ago.. They all have significant meaning to me and I thought I would share the pics....
Dear Blueberry Almond Meal Pancakes,  I wasn't sure how you would taste especially with the coconut flakes in  you but yummmm! I'm so happy you are my breakfast today.   P.S. Thank you Bubbly for...
For Valentines Day for my bubbly, I am making a collage book/mixed media of our relationship so far with memories included as well. :) I have no idea what he is doing for me. :)
I know I been gone a while and still have lots more to catch up on, but I was one of those... putting people on pedastools... it's not something you can fix or change to be honest.. .it is something...
Um no, definently could not. I would have to take the approach sprinkles has just brought up. I would have to lock them up and substitute their need for human flesh and blood with animals until I can...
Sounds like a pretty strange way to feel... **hugs** I hope the day gets better for you Jaws!
Aw I really loved this picture you painted (^.^) *hugs* thank you!
I've wanted to be like my ISTP boyfriend in some ways but have always delighted in just being me. **Im just a wee bit different, giggles** Outside of that, I think we are starting to share traits....
Hi jaws,  Honestly in my opinion the description is missing a few of the wordy details! (^.^) Which would help make it more understandable, as well as point out a few things. Yes, type 6's may be...
Today, I feel pretty good.  A bit sleepy from working til almost midnight last night and all the homework/studying I have been doing this week. I made myself one of my favorite dishes this morning...
Dear Life,  I know it is kind of hectic right now with so many demands from every direction regarding work and school tests/exams/public speaking class, but you will get through this week! Chin up!...
Oh thank goodness, it's not just me! *Giggles and sighs a deep sigh of relief all in one* I am fortunate enough that my people are limited to basically one, but everytime my mom tells me more about...
aww thank you (^.^) **hugs you tight** that was so nice of you to say (^.^) We are glad you stumbled into our forum!
Dear flu shot,   I know that I needed to get you since I work in a hospital, but why do you have to make my arm ache so. I got  you in my left arm because I write with my right and have school...
I have a question, and I know it is controversial but, is there anyone that makes you feel tense to even think about them?
Well, honestly it depends on what the topic is. Also, many thoughts of how to answer this have come up.   - If it is me trying to explain how I feel about something they did that hurt my feelings,...
I am currently in a relationship with a gentleman that can only be home a couple weekends a month, sometimes his work extending it longer. The biggest key is communication. I talk to my Bubbly all...
Yea me too! Relax, take a load off, have some sugar free Blue Bunny Turtle Ice cream and dark chocolate almond milk... (^.^) My treat
I'm sorry your sick **gives you homeade chicken and noodle soup** I hope you get better soon (^.^)
Giggles immensly... Hi! It is great to have you here. (^.^) I hope you continue to enjoy the posts! Also, *hugs* welcome.
Hello Mostly Harmless (^.^) I am mostly harmless too, most days giggles.. **hugs** Loved the title btw, also enjoyed your post. I really hope you enjoy PerC! Ttys.  Sincerely,   A curious ENFJ
Dear Dr. on call for Urology,  I find you quite amusing today. (^.^) Thank you for giving me the giggles though you won't ever know you did.   Sincerely,  An ENFJ giggling at work
http://www.caketodays.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/decorating-cake5.jpg  Let's celebrate! (^.^)
Dear Migraine,  It has been a very long time since you have visited me and I can not say I am impressed by your sudden appearance. Possibly you are arriving from the light shining in through the...
Dear  LiteratureNerd , I dont care for shoe shopping either but I too will have to go soon because of the change of weather... I will need to get new work shoes. *hugs* I hope you got what you...
Giggles,... 5000 posts of great information, sincerety, and wisdom <3 Thank you!
altruistic and caring (^.^)
Dear outdoors,  I really wish I had taken advantage of your beautiful weather yesterday on my day off from work and school. Sighs, this daunting to do list is really getting to me and I lack the...
Oh my goodness! Giggles... The sad part is, I can see you doing this! I don't know if you told me the whole story on this yet. I will ask  you tonight giggles... I love you. (^.^)
Giggles, yes I have. Different scenes with different people depending on my moods with them. (^.^)  Sometimes the scenes or songs get stuck in my head and I imagine how they correlate between my...
http://www.inps4.co.uk/media/images/news-images/too_many_calls_140x80.jpg Lol... at least it is slowing down now (^.^) And yes, I really do have to answer 4 different phones as well as keep after...'"


5386: 'I wish for it to be more of a mental and emotional bond.  My ideal partner would rock my world through my senses first. I get off by intellectual bonding.   My ideal partner would want to open...
It's disappointing that similarminds.com has done this. I'm concerned that they may be involved in some sort of Alt-right stuff.
I'm an ENFJ sometimes INFJ, I've always scored these results. However,  the test above I scored out to INFP.  Not even close.
I have dreams of tornadoes a lot. A lot of dreams of being away on business with old coworkers and family.
They recently revised their short test and some of the questions are weird and concerning.  For instance, questions regarding immigration and Muslims.   Free Jung Personality Test (similar to MBTI...
They all do this, they are so within themselves that they cannot keep going like us ENFJ'S.  They need a few days to live within their head. I'm going through the same thing. It's hard to understand,...
I made a few blank character collages from some popular tv shows. You can use the provided images or add your own. Just include media only.  516882 516890 516898
I've had other INFJ males interested in me, and this seems to happen with all of them. However,  this one feels a bit different,  he seems serious and goal oriented but just afraid.
Yes, I think when it does get real he freaks out and acts clueless.  Like I said, I think he is inexperienced and scared.
He is interested in me, he is the one that started this. He has told everyone in the office that he does. The frustrating part is that there is something holding him back from telling me. Like I...
ENFJ'S are not introspective,  we are completely external. Yes, it drives me crazy when I can't read someone.  Because,  I put all my energy into what other people are feeling or what they need. I...
I did too, but he wouldn't stop...the Force is too strong between us. It's wrecked havoc to my emotional being for almost 6 months. I don't know what he is thinking,  I can just see his state of...
We spend every waking moment reading people, at least I do. Eye contact is vulnerability,  if someone makes eye contact with me I get suspicious as to why. Also, I look away because I feel they...
We're extroverted feelers so we are not very introspective.  I'm in tune with other people's feelings,  but not my own. I often can't figure out my exact feelings about something immediately,  and...
I sit at my desk feeling so stupid and just want to walk out the door and never come back.
I'm such an idiot,  why didn't I just let it go? At first curiosity got the best of me, then it was just feelings. How could he lead me on for months then when I respond, just leave me hanging? I...
We've been playing a game of cat and mouse for months. I think he feels intimidated by me because I'm a little older, and more experienced. I don't think he has much experience with the ladies. Plus,...
So, what do you think he would do if I randomly went in for a kiss out of flipping nowhere?
Look you INFJ's are very easy to read, you deny it but it's true. You are introverted feelers so all of your emotions are shown in your face and body language.  You're like contradictive because you...
Uhhh, well...things have gotten really weird.  I heard him say it, what he felt about me. He said it out of frustration and didn't realize that it was in the room next to me. Someone asked him, and...
I know every person with the same MBTI for instance an INFJ does come from different upbringing and background.  So, it would be unreasonable for me to assume all INFJ males are the same. However, ...
Well, since my last post, he has shown more interest in me....I reciprocate in a way that matches his behavior.  I'm kind, I share. I've always been kind. To everyone,  just myself.  However,  he'll...
Honestly,  I have a feeling almost everyone knows his feelings towards me except me. This has me wondering,  did he realize that was a mistake and is backing off. Regardless,  I still don't...
I've tried texting him, even at risk of exposing my own vulnerability.  He never responded much to it, just a general I'm sorry to hear that kind of response.  I had hoped that my emotional text...
Collati#1. Other than a few hints that he is good at throwing at you, what makes you believe that he really likes me?  I don't know if he is still interested.  It's mostly just my Intuition. The...
Ok, there is this guy at work, I figured out he is an INFJ. I suspect he may be interested in me, and maybe has been for awhile.  Sometimes it seems obvious other times it doesn't,  so I'm not sure....
Oh, I forgot to add that usually after months go by and all these little intuitive games have been played out, nothing happens.  At least, so far it hasn't. I've had 4 INFJ males go through this same...
I'm an ENFJ female, and my experience with INFJ males go like this:  First, they always find me. No matter what stage in life. Married, single, fat, skinny, red, brunette.  They're like ENFJ bounty...
That is an interesting view point. Although,  if that is how an INFJ thinks well then he should understand that the trouble is actually not saying anything.  Especially to any ENFJ ,  because we like...
When you like someone,  why don't you share yourself?  I know this INFJ guy at work really likes me. I've shared a lot of myself with him. I've even opened up to him in a way that would allow him to...
Fellow ENFJ's how do you identify? I'm so extrospective that I just came to the realization that I'm not very introspective. I came to this conclusion due to relationship conflicts, after a while I...
I will eventually write a guy a letter if I think he likes me first. I'm not a go-getter when it comes to men. Usually, INFX's like me and I usually know within minutes. I give them some time to let...
Omg! Wrong post sorry the app is terrible.
I will eventually write a guy a letter if I think he likes me first. I'm not a go-getter when it comes to men. Usually,  INFX's like me and I usually know within minutes.  I give them some time to...
None of those, I like to look out the window. I will take a later flight if I can't get the window seat.
Omg! I feel exactly the same way you do. I'm surprised that this may be an ENFJ thing. Except that I'm neutral,  I do not believe one man can fix a country. However,  I agree that Trump is a scary...
So, am I. I'm married to an ISTJ, and he cheated on me. What?!?...lol
482065
482057
482049
Many of us are back to work after a depressing Sunday. Let's make each other laugh. Post an MBTI Meme, any kind. It doesn't have to be your own type, it could be any that you know well enough.482041
I've been familiar with MBTI for a long time, and recently I heard a new term; Ambivert. I'm wondering how this is relatable to the MBTI Ixxx and Exxx. Anyone claim to be an Ambivert? If so, how do...
It looks like simple, stylish, not flashy clothes is a common preference.  Mostly Jeans and t-shirts. Thanks men! You are all fascinating.
I'm trying to figure someones MBTI type, so what is your take on clothing?    Could care less, just whatever is expected.  Is it not important or do you like to make a statement?
I gave up because he was talking about a girl he started dating in a group conversation I wasn't a part of...he said it as if he wanted me to hear it. I did hear it. :sad:
Lol...Wow! Sorry about blasting you with the sun...lol. Fortunately,  I'm not manipulative. I'm almost half Introvert half extrovert. I do use the I, Me, myself a lot, I hate that I do that. I'm...
I just waved the white flag, time to move on.
I waved the white flag on this,  time to move on.
I waved the white flag. Time to move on.
If he would just respond to my advances, then I would give him more.'"


5402: 'I think for a ENFJ...moving on is almost impossible when they find this person very special. Even after year, still hold hope that one day they can be together. -personal experience with this.
Inuyasha, I lived for that show when I was in middle school.
Fifty Shades Darker, I've had to wait because of school maybe I will finish over Christmas break hopefully.
romantically i mean.
honest. fun. caring. spontaneous. trustworthy. loyal. open. proud. sympathetic and most of all, only loves me.
he probably loves someone else. you can't give him the power weather your going to be happy. enfps are easy to love. move on. really. no matter how long you wait he does love you...I hate to say...
I think you did a decent job fixing up your mess up
they shatter into a million pieces
I found it to be the opposite with ENFP, he does not do good with conflict, when I like to get out all the negative energy he will hide or distract me in anyway possible or even...get mad if...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuUxXkKrPQ0
people become boring when I feel they have lost how to be themselves - sorry but you say your boring - you probably are and I am not trying to be mean. I'm not gonna give you a speech on how amazing...
Being good with building things is probably a strong S trait.. I do not believe he is a J because of his constant flakiness
Say no in nicest way you can possibly imagine..that's a start.
If it was me turning 21 I would get very drunk and go to a strip club and see what its like :)
18 years old
I've had abortion. was I scared? hell yes do I regret it? everyday  either way everyone should be allowed to make a choice
Intimacy is really important to me, It takes me a long time to be vulnerable with my lover, I value it in a very personal way.
i've seen one try to drink their life away
What do you see in ENFPs? That they be a good close friend or lover  What do you do to get and hold the attention of an ENFP? I hang out with them  What signals should we ENFPs look for? Idk...
Its a chemical  imbalance
lol, no not really
I see the things that hold people back, by who they are. I see it, if they have the courage to be it.
I like this thread lol  1. burnt pizza/toast/bagal 2. hateful people 3. two faced people 4. jealousy  5. cheaters 6. attention seekers 7. abuse 8. things that cost more then they should
There both fun at the end of conversation tho you will understand very really had a valid point they just chose different things & mix. it up & ENFJ has a point, It can be quiet emotional if they...
very much so, my values mean the world to me, but they don't hold me back from being uptight, I'm always forgiving & understanding that could be my biggest down fall cause  not a lot of people are as...
Hell No       ,,,,,,,,,,,
I'm still in my first relationship, over a year now idk what to tell you.
when I'm with my mom its: GO  someone else: the light is green :)
They will give you all the attention in the world
blahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yeah, i went thru the same thing ^^ honestly there is no magic cure darlin' just hold your breath & hope you don't drowned.       Don't drop out & take alternative classes...
ENFPs are very vocal, a common trait is that they take external influences put it in their head and make their own ideas out of it and bring it into a middle of a conversation just to make a point....
I never REALLY lost it...........  It only just becomes a black colored glass.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3Id44h1Xdo
what ifs is always fun to play out in my head, its not on purpose if someone takes my attention they don't know but there my target ^^  only in my head of course, they have no idea --------------...
no no no no & no
infps are common targets for being judged in society because well were weird & don't fit society way of saying or doing things. It's a curse and blessing I think. everyone talks behind other people's...
stop doing it. period. when I know I shouldn't be thinking about something and I know it will take me to a dark place, I immediately think of something else, repeating a word, going off to a...
Love is a great feeling, without it, it can make you feel hopeless but your life should not be revolved around someone else, you will find more peace finding yourself.
I couldn't handle that at all.
That sucks..I live in a town where I dont know anyone..
glad we amuse you.
It's okay...I'm very lonely today too..
can't help you here..been in the love with the same person for a year even from the beginning imagine leaving him tore my heart. I don't know shit about being able to leave that kinda situation.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpwIKvf6Fy4   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CFTVVdrbOI
both, either depends how I feel
I don't like to fight...but I handle myself fine. I don't really understand when they say that INFP will avoid at all cost because If their is conflict I like to talk it out and have a mutual...
Benjamin ---> My dear dear boyfriend.  The only one that can have me really reacting to fights.
I had good friend in middle school I hit my second year in high school I created a really high anxiety about people, and dropped out my 3ed and finished my 4th in alternative.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGGVNq2sJ_k
i love you  stop pacing your worrying about nothing  you did what before i met you?  im mad at you stop making me laugh'"


5468: 'A slap across the face. Seriously.  ENFJs can be such self-centered melancholics when they feel like they are not universally adored for everything they do every single moment. They need to get...
I get much more Fe than Fi from your description, though alot of the examples you bring up could fit most extraverted feeler (EF) types. Feelers in general are uncomfortable with conflicts and are...
Well, as feelers it would be strange for them not to be oriented towards people. Being Fe-dominant would make them inclined to express their judgement. That they are cocerned with how other people...
What exactly is it you assume women find unattractive about ENFJ men?
Well, it's more difficult to point out something that is missing than something that is present. But in myself I would say that inferior Ti brings out a certain stubborness in combination with Ni....
As you said, it's difficult to keep up a deep discussion with alot of people at once. Like Teddy Daniels, I prefer those discussions to be between four eyes and be fully focued on the person I am...
The line between INFJ and ENFJ can be pretty thin at times, especially when talking about healthy individuals being in their prefered environment. I was convinced I was INFJ for a while myself, but...
An example would be a temptation to pick on vulnerable people, when I am at my lowest. The same thing that I despise really.  Send me a PM if you want to discuss it further.
catrabbit Maybe you don't have to shut off your Fe to cope, maybe you can use it, since it is your strength? Have you tried to emphasize with the person making you upset, seeing their point of view?...
Please clarify, what kind of energy are you refering to and why would a strong Fe give you more of it compared to other functions?
Looking for someone else to blame for one's own problems seem to be human nature, sadly. Even more so if someone really listens. Just remember that you are not responsible for his decisions, he alone...
Personally, breaking up is not the worst part, but to see the other person disappear from my life is what I fear the most. I try to stay in touch with my past partners in some way if they are okay...
Personally, I use tarot cards on occasion as a tool for introspection or meditation. Each card represent aspects that are present in just about any situation and can be a great help to see things...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zey8567bcg
That is another thing that makes you so fun to be around! :wink:
Welcome to PerC! I am sure you'll have a good time.:happy:
Welcome back!
Welcome to PerC, I hope you'll have a great time!:happy:
Hello David and welcome to PerC!
As I mentioned in your other thread, I study physical therapy and can't imagine doing another profession!  You work very intimately with your patients, often for an extended period of time, and...
I have a few INTJ friends as well and I greatly appreciate having them  around! They tend to be very perceptive and knowledgeable and are in general excellent at giving unbiased advice.  While I...
Do you feel the same about other healthcare professions? I know nursing was mentioned at the last page and I study to become a physical therapist myself, which I've found to be very rewarding. Being...
To me, looking after your appearance is about self-respect. I can increase my sense of well-being by taking care of myself, kind of giving myself a pat on the back. Living as a sloth for a period of...
Congratulations Danny, best of luck!:proud:
What exactly are you looking for when you look for information? Like tutorials and guides?
ISTJ and ISTP has been suggested earlier and out of the two I have to say ISTJ is more likely. I can see Te-Fi much stronger than Ti-Fe in him. He also seem to be more here and now as opposed to...
I get a strong Fi from you. You seem to have a strong set of ethics and morals which you use to judge the external world with and get upset when they clash.  Can't really tell if you are Ne or Se...
esme23  Welcome to PerC! I hope it will live up to your expectations. :happy:  When it comes to your friend, don't fall into the trap of typing him based on stereotypes! There can be HUGE...
I would say Se and Fi are the two strongest functions actually.  Se in the following: #2 - Quickly taking action with focus on the immediate problem. #3 - Also very here and now, focus seem to be...
How is she when you talk to her otherwise and how old is she?  Some people are more comfortable being lead by someone in casual conversation, especially if she likes you and gets a bit...
Correct me if I am wrong now, but I think most of your points are skills and abilities whereas the cognitive functions are about how you process and value information. You could find that alot of...
Honestly, I am happy if I manage to pull that off in a week. Not just to the person of my affections, but to everyone I know combined!
Welcome to PerC!  Nice of you to join us!:happy:
Just curious, is there a reason for you not wanting to go to medical school, or is it just that you don't need any input on that?
In English: Flowing, pure, serene, grotesque, falling, ringing.  In Swedish: Tindra (glisten), saga, klok (wise), öde (fate), hed (moor), klinga (ringing).  While I usually think English is a...
It is a tough question to answer since there is so much more to a girl than her cognitive functions to make her attractive or unattractive... I think the functions are more likely to catch my...
Considering my lack of sleep, I am impressed you could interpretate anything of what I wrote!:laughing:   But yeah, I really agree with you. Though I think it's easier than one would believe to get...
dulcinea I can partly recognize what you are talking about in myself at times, especially when talking to someone I don't know very well who is a bit on the shy side. It makes it so much harder to...
I am not quite following you. Experience of what? Getting hurt?    I apologize if I have missed something, but I didn't think this what about seeing multiple people at the same time? That is not...
Don't count out the introverts! Most of them can be very welcoming as well!:wink:
I see where you are coming from, but isn't it really just a matter of if the glass is half empty or half full? I can as easily say that I have never met a nice guy who didn't think he was a douche...
Well, you could start looking up a few articles on the subjects you are interested in, or if you prefer, you can look up the what is my personality/enneagram forums and get help from people...
Welcome to PerC!  I hope your stay here will be a pleasant one!
Welcome to PerC!  Don't put too much faith in those web based tests, sometimes they do nothing else than confuse you. As you become more familiar with the different types you'll have an easier...
Welcome to PerC!  Be sure to tell keep us up to date on your game!:happy:
FiddleheadFern I really think you are on to something there! Like when you are sailing, you can't make the wind and weather change to enable you to follow that perfect route to your destination....
I have to agree with everyone else, some kind of limbo-esque state is really terrible.  However, I do think there is a point when you feel bad enough to prefer apathy. When the negative emotions...
This exactly.  I can really relate to the opinion that just dating is pointless and a waste of time, but in myself it mostly comes down to over-analyzing it. If you stop thinking about getting...
Open question now, do you feel a necessity for an afterlife or a higher purpose in life?  Being born through chaos or some kind of accident suggests that we have made it to where we are as a...
I would have guessed that I had a stronger Ni, but the teacher subtype fitted me like a glove.  The name is kind of fitting, I sometimes feel the urge to teach people to do things my way. Since...'"


5532: 'YES! I absolutely love this one, I've stumbled upon it before and it kind of blew my mind a little the first time I saw it. It makes total sense too. And it actually takes some pressure off the...
You're right, I want my creative work to be a second career. It's not quite there yet, but I'm starting to get a little bit more serious with it. So yes, I do put pressure on it. Maybe the keys lies...
Ah yes, you describe it well. I both love it and is afraid of sharing, especially to a new crowd or something I'm not sure if it's good enough. But it's so fun to share too. It's true for my work -...
Happy, I love the word self-handicap. It describes it well.   I agree with doing it every day makes it easier. I have a tendency to do a lot work for a while, working almost every day and then for,...
Hi fellow lovely ENFJs!  As a writer and aspiring author I've struggled with fears when trying to do my creative work. First, the fear that I'm not good enough and doing any kind of work would be a...
Thank you! It feels a bit more hopeful today. And I know, something is gonna work, sooner or later.
I'm so tired of life right now.  I have since last summer a job as the leader of a student organization and I spent the fall working 60-80 hours a week with high pressure and responsibility. I'm...
Interesting! I'm a cusp too between Taurus and Gemini. I'm Taurus but if I was born another year I could have been Gemini. It's a weird combination, really two totally different signs. Never read a...
I've also heard something similar to you'll never be happy - that he doesn't have almost any demands on the relationship while I have too many. I agree that pushing isn't a very good method and...
Thank you all for your responses!     Your description is extremely accurate for my situation. The only thing I don't experience is your second point about So, but my boyfriend is in MBTI terms...
Hi!  I've figured out that I'm Sx/Sp and my boyfriend is Sp/So. Does anyone else have experiences of this combination? Do you have any advice for me? I've realized we aren't the easiest combination...
I do this too, and it's useful but dangerous. If we are too much of a chameleon we are so affected by who we are with, and we loose ourselves. I've realized that I mirror some of my boyfriends...
Yes, I run and I love it! Usually run at night with music, to clear my head. Works great!  I read somewhere that ENFJs were the type most likely to deal with stress by running, so there is probably...
I've come to the same conclusion. When I stop waiting for things to happen or for others to do the things I want to do with me, and go for them myself, just because I want to, then I become a happier...
With a healthy and understanding ENFJ, you don't need to be bossy to express your need for independence. We get it anyway. My ISTP isn't bossy at all and I respect his need for independence.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjUX2LESOpM
I hope it works out for you! :)
To be fair, it has mostly happened with people who I've gotten to know through partying with them. But I might hide my intuitive side from people I don't know. It feels like the more private,...
I don't think that's necessarily true. We have reversed functions - but the same functions. That makes us the same but still very different. In other words, we often have similar values and think the...
That is sooooo interesting! I've been told by new friends that they didn't think I had that much depth to me and I've read here a few times about people having the same experience. One would think...
Oh MY god. I have so much to do.   I'm working for a student organization for a year and we are only two people working full time in the organisation, me as the representative for the organisation...
Well, even if we have the same functions, communication isn't necessarily easy. I'm with an ISTP and have read about others and what people keep coming back to is that communication is key to make...
This is exactly it. I think we manipulate and do other things to affect other people's behavior because we get influenced by others all the time. It's natural for us.   That being said, it's not a...
I work out a bit irregularly but when I do it for a while it becomes an addiction pretty quickly. I also store up my anxiety and stress in my body and I easily get back pains and such. Training...
We ENFJs tend to see brightly on the future and we have our goals that we want to reach no matter the hardship. For me in terms of kids that means I don't care if the first years will be hell, I...
Haha it's a good thing we have the same experiences because written, it sounds really weird! I narrate in my head to, very often think of what I would say. I can get angry, upset or start laughing...
Jesus and mother of God.   I've spent the last hours mediating between my mum and sister over the phone. I've said I'm not getting involved but this time their fight seemed so out of control I...
Thank you, I will use this approach. You are a wise man.
Haha okay I see the difference. The end of the alternative sounds a bit manipulative to me though. ...because I like spending time with you, meaning if you don't do this then you don't like to...
You are probably right that I am the one who needs it. I see it like our relationship needs it but fair enough, it's rather me that needs it to function in the relationship.     Haha I lol'd....
I don't live around Uppsala unfortunately and I've never heard of soccer golf but it sounds fun! I'll check if there is anything like it here.   I do know we don't need to do everything together. I...
This is helpful! I'll try to tell him that. I think that he thinks he doesn't have that many impulses really but I don't believe that. :P   It was very witty. :wink:
We would have to take a bus to get to a hiking trail, but that is a possibility. We have talked going for a hike for half a day or a day and he seems up for that as long as it's not winter. We have...
Hi!  So, I'm trying to explain some about the Ti-Ni loop and the role of Se for my ISTP boyfriend. He is all weirded out and says about a thread I linked  This guy is proud he made a sandwich...
It will get better! Remember that she is putting you in this situation too, so she is also responsible for your health. Hopefully you moving out will also reduce your stress and improve your mental...
Yeah, I know, I have drifted apart from almost all of my old friends. It's how it works I guess, but it's sad. Hugs!
I agree that it's important, and that speculating isn't really leading anywhere! I have talked to him about it but I will try a bigger discussion about it. I'm not home at the moment so I've used...
I agree, it's really tough. I keep thinking how when I actually do get a really close female friend, I'm gonna look back at this time and realize how much not having one was getting me down. It's...
Interesting that so many of us have the same experience with mothers.     Be strong and look out for yourself! Moving helps a lot, I moved 5 hours away so she could only reach me fast on phone....
I think I know how you feel. I was best friends with an ESFP for 10 years and when I moved to another town to study and the friendship needed a little effort from her side, she didn't do shit. I was...
I'm definitely a shy extrovert. I'm usually shy with new people and can be awkward with people I don't know too well. I find it easier to be social if I'm in some kind of role, like if I need to be...
I don't know the theoretical explanation for it, but it seems like sensing fuels judging a bit. Guessing it has to do with sensors being more grounded and to a larger extent lives in their senses.  ...
Whatever type you are, you interest me.   If you are ENFJ with a somewhat complicated relationship to your Fe, you could use Ti as a way to shield your emotions. From others and from yourself.  ...
Dear ISTP boyfriend,  I more and more realize I have no idea what goes on in your head. It's starting to freak me out. I look forward to your next random blurt of thoughts.  Sincerely, with love,...
I have had to learn to not invest fully in those who don't want to be helped. My ISFP mum is very needy, in constant need of comfort and support but do not want to change. I have tried many, many...
If my partner isn't bringing up any considerations about the relationship, that freaks me out. My ISTP boyfriend never really brings up any issue and I know we have our issues (I bring them up!). So...
You are very welcome to use MBTI as a game. What you said though is that you know it's more of a game. I know there are troubles with finding empirical evidence for the functions and I surely agree...
Hi Platena and welcome to PerC!   It all sounds pretty ENFJ to me. I don't know where you read we are supposed to be good at expressing our feelings - we have a tendency to be scared of asking for...
She sounds like a lovely dog. I too want a dog someday, I'm adopting a second cat now since my other cat got lonely. I agree that it's heartbreaking to see them still showing you that they are happy...
Ah damn. If you feel there is still time you could try some funding site (like kickstarter). Tell me if you do and I'll help you, but make sure you can donate from other countries in that case. My...'"


5540: 'Tried the first strategy that is mentioned above. It seems to be working. Hope that it is going to last. Great... :) No need to hire any thug... (at least for now). No blood shed.  Thank you all...
LOL... Perhaps I just jump to the end... hire a thug. Much easier.... :)
Exactly.... It can be quite depressing at times.
Guess that every body will get into trouble in relationships at some point in their life.   And again.... there is a certain level of tolerance which one could allow.  Perhaps I should just wear a...
Great!! Give me one too....  Perhaps that can help me solve my problem...
Hope that the particular guy I am talking about read these posts. Since he is quite determinant enough to stalk on someone, I doubt he'll find 'hacking into sb else's computer' offensive. He's quite...
LOL....  One more post from me and I'm sure that every body here will get really pissed off with me..  (Correct me if I am wrong)   Well, back to the topic......  How if you're in a position...
Really? How many times exactly did I use that word?  What do you think that it's supposed to mean?
Come on.... we all know that all people have brains..... Unless they're dead and get their brain removed.  And in case that you'd like to re-frame your previous statement into: Perhaps people...
Perhaps you should stop disliking people as a whole... Simple logic. FTFY.
Are you sure? .... and then miss a chance to get a hug? XD  God... I just can't stop myself from teasing you
EXACTLY.... :crazy: I must have sent a set of very subtle clues to this particular INTJ to make him this determined. Or... perhaps I am just being too enigmatic to handle   Considering that I am...
Well, in my imagination: You guys appear grumpy all the time. Complaining over almost everything..... And then secretly blush.... or perhaps chocked if sb hugs you spontaneously....  It's just...
Wow.... thanks for the honesty.. You know what... I LOL'ed when I read these posts.. You INTJs are really sooooo cuuutee..... Can't wait to hug each of you IRL and see how you would react :D
How bout poking sb over and over again just to discover what they like / dislike?  testing how they can handle emotion? I thought it was INTJ who needs to develop the Fi side
Test boundaries..... would you mind to elaborate on this?
I believe that my previous question was quite clear. There should only be two possible answers to that: yes and no
I may not be 100% INTJ, but right this moment my test keeps on returning INTJ as its result.  I read that romantic relationship is any INTJ's Achilles heels. This, combined with INTJ's...
Well, at least it means that you understand the importance of Machiavelli traits to get ahead in the world.  That's what INFJ does
Hello! Glad to meet another INFJ... INFJs are quite rare, you know...
Exactly!  In the afore mentioned working environment, people are encouraged, or even 'pushed' to adhere to 'materialistic' life style. Coolest gadgets, advanced - unnecessary digital cameras, flat...
I can say that INFJs score at average and above for this test. Posted the similar test on INTJ forum. Funny thing is, INTJs seem to be very satisfied with their high Machs while INFJs tend to feel...
Did plenty of research online regarding to such work environment. Been going back in touch with couple of my old friends.  Am I correct to assume that most work environment are not this nasty? ...
Again, that depends on what your true goals are.   Anybody will expect other they know to have at least some level of Mach
INFJs may be better in buying their own cons. However, INTJs are better in justifying their means :)  And.... there is no such thing such as a perfect personality test. Sometimes we need to be...
Tried a quite similar approach. The only difference is: after one is taken care of, another one will arise.  I think that there is somebody behind who is 'pulling the string'. And this person some...
Not a very wise choice.....
Just started a new thread rating somebody's Political Intelligence. Please follow the link over here:   http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/50649-how-machiavelli-you.html  Feel free...
In cognitive science and evolutionary psychology,   Machiavellian intelligence (also known as political intelligence  or social intelligence) is the capacity of an entity to be in a  successful...
In cognitive science and evolutionary psychology,   Machiavellian intelligence (also known as political intelligence or social intelligence) is the capacity of an entity to be in a successful...
Anger.... usually is the main reason behind my 'sneaky-ness' Certainly need to find a way to deal with my personal emotion within  Many say that I am way too tense all the time
Dumbledore...  At least am learning to be one.....
Ditto....  And I am almost 30 now. Still rebellious.
Ten characters? would you mind to elaborate ? :happy:
I have tried plenty of tactics actually.....  Put on my earphone, dead pan emotional response, cold stares, bluff back, genuine smile, etc....  Like many have mentioned before, I ended up having...
Seems that most INFJs agree that hostile working environment is not a place to linger around for a long time.  Anybody here possesses more than 5 years in their fields?
'ten signs that you are being bullied at work'   It seems that I can relate to all these 10 signs.... No wonder :D
When I was very little.... I can get away with almost anything... Most adults just believe in my so damn convincing face. I did lie once in a while  Then one day, I felt so bad because some body...
Had another bad day today....  Can't understand why every body keeps on using the 'divide and conquer' approach on me. Just within one month's time, I have had arguments / misunderstandings with...
How bout ENFJ?  ENFJ is very good at uniting people altogether, while still capable of getting the jobs done.  By the way, I am convinced that I am an INFJ, regardless to what my test results say...
Feels bad... I had created another similar thread at  http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/48005-mbti-group-dynamics-who-plays-best-leadership-role.html  Got about 2 pages of replies...
Nvm.... as long as it could make you feel better..... Or takes you to your goal, whatever that it is.
Anybody watched Inuyasha? I think this character is an INFJ. A bitter one. A very untrusting INFJ betrayed by the person she trusted the most   11736  I feel that I can relate to her. Such great...
God....  Wicked Queen.....  *Face palm*  Hope that all of us can really meet you in the real life... And perhaps that will change our opinion towards ESTJs.  Online forum is the only place we...
I have long read the theory of Management and Group Dynamics. However, I  have yet to witness how such theory being put into the real working  environment.  In some industries nowadays, projects...
Hm.... no reply yet... Guess I need to move this into another Forum.
My rocks are as sharp as knives
Hope that I hadn't been too provocative with my words....  I totally agree with the domino effect caused by one or two bad seeds in the company.... It's mostly like an unannounced slogans for every...
Actually, I just engaged in a discussion with another ENFJ today. She was tested as ENFJ, INFJ, ENTJ and INTJ in just within a year of time.  Both of us agreed that it was caused by stress at work.
I bet that anyone here would agree that organizations would work more effective and efficiency with open communication that encourages trusting relationships between : us and our managers, our...'"


5641: 'Sleep is hard; Letting negative stuff go is hard. Especially if it is evidence that I suck. I'll do something nice for someone and forget about it in hours, but that girl that got mad at me for...
I admit I probably went too far on this one. Should keep some thoughts to myself lol. Not really a post to get help out of depression or whatever. More of a test to see if anyone related to or could...
all these relate so much. it's nice to know I'm not the only one that locks himself away from the world when I'm depressed. So much of our happiness is though interacting with others so its a problem...
Honestly what came to mind was a chain fence pattern representing a cage and maybe a pillow like for a dog rescued from the pound
For a couple of years I haven't had a solid reason to live. For some context, I grew up with strong religious beliefs, and these beliefs held up the context for why I exist .. or at least they gave...
Hey everyone, I haven't been on here forever because I've felt too busy with the craziness of my life, but I've really missed it. I left Utah where I've lived my whole life and moved down here to...
Not alone. I think they are trying more to clear this up, but I think it does shape to be suspicious of different people instead of embracing differences.
Long time no see guys! My life got very hectic in a good way and I haven't posted in long time! missed you all.   I like how the movies promote that it's acceptable to be compassionate and caring...
I stay up to the point of pure exaustion so my mind doesn't have a chance to lecture me. I haven't had a good night of sleep in a year. I listen to audiobooks so it replaces the negative voice in my...
I've never read a such a true to heart post in my life. Just reading this I feel like you would understand me better than anyone I know. Having  relationships slip between my fingers day after day is...
I have friends who rush into marriage, I have to know someones heart and mind inside and out before I would marry them, and that takes time.  But I've never fallen head over heels for someone, and...
I really recommend it, I was in Toastmasters for a year and the people are awesome and very supportive. It's a bunch of fun and no better place to get comfortable speaking.  Aand I like how you...
Did someone say attention? Hand it over and no one gets hurt
I'm an ENFJ and I only remember 2 times I have deliberately lied in my life. One was to a security guard, and the other I don't even remember exactly what it was. Actually my ENFJness that cares...
Yup I consider almost everything on the internet as play. Might make me a bit of a troll buuuuut whatever haha
Hey yeah I think you should go for it.  Because really what is better? Some people say the sense of freedom of non inhibitions of not caring and doing whatever you want even in disregard of others...
better run before you get the wrath of the feelers.
LMAO i see the  ENFJ's have sensed a disturbance in the forum and have assumed attack formation
Being an ENFJ with many social inhibitions, sometimes I wonder what that would be like. I might be a little envious, but I feel I would stop being so damn classy, and I wouldn't want that :wink:
so moral of the story: *hug*
I feel like I could have written this almost word for word, so it feels like I've gotten something of my chest just reading this, so thanks Falling Leaves. I'll admit I don't really know how to help...
Amen to that.
School stress... uggh. all i can say is work your ass off, try your best, and remember not to go insane. For me I've really always got a better grade than I thought I would and the stress was wasted....
That's the exact thought that went through my head a week ago. I'm also considered more feminine in how I act.. I would almost describe it as light-hearted. Being expressive. And well I get called...
Such great replies. It's 2 am and I'm like falling off my couch I'm so sleepy, so I'll have to reply another time soon. but thanks a bunch - i'm getting some really great insight from this and can...
I personally hide my feelings, problems, insecurities, and well.. anything else I want to. I hear that's common for us ENFJs. We tend to make other people feel comfortable and look out for their...
wow I relate with you a little too much Jaws. I really have sympathy for you because my whole left leg is atrophied to about 2/3rds the size of my right leg right now. For the last 3 years I pretty...
It happened. Hard to believe, but the inevitable conflict had to  express itself somewhere somehow. I feel numb. So many emotions running  through my veins, and my heart running so hard with so...
Hm depends. For me I could come across as obsessive just in how much I care and want to get to know someone right from the beginning. That many emails is a little strange unless they are directed to...
Hands down one of the sweetest things I have ever heard
Here's me. The Joe. I'm really curious.. Do I look like an ENFJ? I feel like one . What do you guys think when you see these pictures? Just curious what peoples perceptions are.  Ignore the semi i'm...
ha ugggh don't you just hate it when people pressure you to make stupid decisions when they know nothing about it.
aw someone else like me getting close to finals at school. Good luck stayin alive. I'm sorry your family isn't helping you keep your sanity, but i know you'll get through this. Hope ya feel better
I think I'll follow suit and try to take the edge off of somethings myself. I feel like there is something I should probably look at. I mostly ignore my childhood, but my dad was an emotionally...
I've been lucky enough to never really be bullied, so that sounds like something really tough to go through. It sounds like you have learned to stand up for yourself, so at least you have walked away...
Jaws, I think it's awesome how you describe the indescribable.  I so relate to this, so thanks. And ever have it when reality seems so fickle? That you become so seperated from it, you can observe...
I don't know if I should be allowed to read this thread - it activates my ENFJ want to hug everyone who has a problem mode. But your all so far away.
I'm on both sides, I don't really get close to people unless I know I can help them out, but I don't open up to let anyone else help me. I don't know how I would have a relationship with myself >.<
I really relate to you. I'm going to help you whether you like it or not >=]  I like the way you see life. Lets talk. Screw everyone else, let's just run around and be crazy.
Deep conversations to me are the ones that expose who we really are under the masks.
That's what I'm afraid of. I think if I stop trying to contact her then she will think I don't care even though she may think her never contacting me is cool. At first I would invite her to things...
aw I know those feelings all to well. Sometimes I tell people things about myself, but just the crazy interesting things that are entertaining. This really gets me into some trouble because they...
Thanks IluvHSJ, that alone makes me feel better :laughing:   Ah yeah totally it, and maybe it is my love language being  quality time that make me think well if you even cared a little.. wouldn't...
That's interesting, I can see your point. I agree, I don't like people are way clingy in a very dependent way or if it feels like they don't have a life without me. Maybe it's just that I'm insecure...
You are very wise Dulcinea, love your insights. I think your right on with what your thinking. Actually as far as I know shes a fiery social ISFJ. I'm kinda new to this typology stuff, but a friend...
Hey, i'm interested in hearing what relationship problems us ENFJ's have.  My most frustrating issue right now is the conflict that what I think a friend is requires much more involvement then...
Speaking for myself. Yes lack of genuine connects drives me nuts. Ironically I don't know much about keeping them, because I tend to become in-genuine and I can't stand that so I sabotage the...
Funny enough, What I want so much to like someone as much as I like myself. I like the qualities in myself, but I have trouble seeing them in other people. I'm just being ignorant, people are amazing...
I so agree, I think each of us have had an experience around feelings where we decided they were too risky and not safe to show around other people. For me it was someone I knew when I was a child...
yeah. i was joking too.  ...kidding... that was sarcasm....'"


5663: 'You damn INFPs make it hard for us ENFJs. We're all over the place and where do you stay? Home, Library, secluded shelther... etc. Sigh...
Thanks for the responses. So I'm going to take it that all ENFJs have ADHD. Have watched tons of TV and played tons of video games and ate lots of corn syrup as a young kid.
Absolutely annoying. I hate when people complain about me being quiet and interrupting my line of thoughts. I really hate it when they especially think something is wrong or I'm thinking something...
Hi all,  Its been awhile since I've been here. I've recently been diagnosed with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. And it made me think. Could it be quite possible that most ENFJs have ADHD...
It really depends on how you are around him. With ENFJs, you'll never know. Thats the beauty of it.  I personally have a tendency to get real shy around the girl I actually like and end up getting...
Are you kidding me? I get bullied by INTJs, they have no feelings yo, always putting me down and never provide positive reinforcements :[
Hey I'm actually going through the exact samething. I'm under a quarter system which is actually worse since everything needs to be done faster. I go to class, but everytime I come back to the dorms...
this is also true. shes not a property and isn't owned by anyone. but if she moves onto you then go for it. but remember, if you do get with her, don't be surprised when you get the same treatment...
if she already has a boyfriend.. why even stress about it in the first place. girls with boyfriends are like electric fences. you're a horrible person for even considering such prospects with her and...
No. Don't just go with the flow, just ask her out and you'll find out if she was really trying to connect with you. and get back to us about what happens after that.
Here's what I do, I tolerate the urge to speak up around my outer circle of friends. These people are just friends and acquaintances where I know they are the come and go friends. So I treat them...
i like very much.
I do the exact same thing. I always get comments that I'm a very meticulous thinker. Always searching for contradictions in all aspects of every individual from the things they say, things they do,...
You sound upset. I was just trying to have fun. Please don't take the fun out of this. k thanks. :laughing:
I can't believe you posted your response through a mobile device. lol
Caution: Whoever made this thread and those that take it seriously are smoking too much crack. :bored:
About your ISTJ friends, you should really hold back from expressing any sort of emotions around them. I hear ISTJs are one of the most socially difficult people to be around with. When you say that...
what on earth? this is power of ENFJ male? pretty damn gay. go read my post about ENFJs and homosexuals.
no worries.
In this thread, we like to ramble on like a bunch of twelve year olds, now that's objective criticism.
I disagree, I believe that objective criticism is necessary, but only when its coming from a valid source or someone I respect. I see people force objective criticism onto others, thats kind of when...
not for you... lol jk.  but yeah. I was being particular about ENFJ because I feel this be our greatest nemesis.
I agree. Perfectionism pays off, but if used the wrong way, it can be damaging.
Hello, I just wanted to clear some things out because it seems like Perfectionism and Criticism has finally become a hot topic as our ENFJ section is starting to grow. I really want all ENFJs to know...
Perfectionism is a sickness not an ability. Stop encouraging it, its disturbing, your lack of knowledge and my unwillingess to let this slide as misunderstood humor...
So you want to feel superior and elitist over the average and normal people?
I told my INTP roommate about what you said and he says Hi:happy:
I used to be and still recovering from being a big time unhealthy perfectionist. A book called Procrastination by Jane Burka and Too Perfect by Allan Mallinger really helps you understand the Ups...
I need details on the You use your usual charm and bag of tricks. What do you mean by that?
This article is in no way against extroverts as people, or extroversion as a behavioural pattern.  Here, I am assuming that most extroverts would not even care to spend time reading too many...
Because where I come from, being nice means you're gay.
coudln't agree more with you on that one.   Thats why I got confused because on here it says ISTJs often work for long periods, devoting their energy to tasks that they see as important to...
I never knew we revert to our unhealthy shadow functions during stressful times. I guess that explains a lot then.
I'm an ENFJ and I feel the same way too. In fact, its exactly the same. I just took another myers briggs test and my results showed me as ISTJ and I came into this section and found a lot of things I...
I'm sure a lot of us are aware of the notion of the bright and dark side of an ENFJ. We go through stages of depression as it escalates. We have trouble being alone and if kept isolated for a good...
Theres no need to defend anyone here. I just wanted to make sense out of something that didn't make sense. Stop distorting the truth.
Are you kidding me, I love all kinds of sports from football to basketball. I also enjoy sports that don't require a team like tennis and out-door rock climbing. I also plan on joining the water polo...
I'm not too sure if ENFJs are easily influenced. Its more like, they naturally adapt to the situation the best they can but I hope most of you know whats good for you when it comes down to it. ENFJs...
Do most ENFJs tend to be Homo-sexual? I've been noticing a lot of gay people in this section. I mean I'm totally neutral about homo-sexuality, just leave that to politics, I even have friends who're...
I'm just wondering what the previous post meant. Also, let me undo your poor manipulated fallacy, being a healthy ENFJ or a balanced one has nothing to do with any of this, I just want to make sure...
that made no sense, influenciable isn't even a word.
This is why I'm uncomfortable around ENTJs. Theres two ENTJs in my frat. One is cool I like him, the other dude annoys the hell out of me. Long story short, he reminds me of a serial killer, he has...
YES YES and Depends.  I easily take any task handed to me, but that would be the case a couple of years back. People with sharing and giving personalities should watch out for this. Don't...
I notice how I easily get any type of girls. always bring out the best in them from the freaky-side to whatever I want it to be. uhhhh not bragging just saying. I'm ENFJ btw. I don't have to ask for...
I never knew ENFJs were capable of doing drugs. :crazy:
What area in LA are you at?
We actually had this thread before. If you look at the INTJ section, you'll realize their section is very much alive. They even start social projects and experiments together over the forums.   ...
but they were just done explaining to me that INFP and INTPs are similar. My roomies INTP he's pretty laid back.
Well me being a male and all I can't afford to put on a :angry: to ward off attention.
Thats exactly it! you hit the spot with the a) I feel like me deep down inside and b) I'm upset that I'm not me. Theres always this lingering feeling where I'm mad at myself but didn't know why,...'"


5696: 'Sorry, but this is, to put it quite frankly, bullshit.  It's victim blaming at its finest.  The logic here is akin to She was raped because she wore a short skirt.  Almost any psychologist will...
I've never cheated and wouldn't even dream of it, but I have been cheated on by at least two ex-girlfriends and one ex-wife.    I really can't speak as to why one of the ex-girlfriends cheated, but...
Congratulations Seeker,  I definitely wish you the best.    I'm at the 6 month mark with my INFJ and it's still going better than fantastic.  I think as long as the ENFJ and INFJ's value systems...
First, sorry to hear of your loss.    Now, for your question:  xNFJ's tend to be very future-orientated planners.  If, after even the first few dates, we really like someone we will definitely...
Thanks for all of the replies.  You INFJs are the best!  This weekend was a bit trying in some ways.  We took some visiting from out-of-town friends to some local sites and she wasn't putting up...
I certainly understand that and I'm not at all suggesting that she should be over it.  What's odd is that when the relationship first started it seemed as though she was the one coming in all guns...
I'm looking for some advice here.  I'm an ENFJ and I've been with my INFJ girlfriend for 5 months.  We've both said that this is the best relationship we've ever been in.  We really seem to...
I'd echo the INFJ statement,but I'd also throw fellow ENFJ's into the mix.  Some of my closest friends fall into the xFNJ category and my current girlfriend (who I think will one day become a...
Right.  Extroversion  ≠  Friendliness and Introversion  ≠  Being alone  I'm very clearly an extrovert, but I also sometimes crave alone time.  My girlfriend is definitely an introvert, but loves...
My ex (a fellow ENFJ) had a ton of gay guy friends that she always hung out with.  Maybe you've got something to your theory here.
Care to explain?  I'm only two months deep with an INFJ and this is probably the best relationship I've ever had, including one that lasted almost 15 years.  I've never had a relationship where so...
Seeker,  Thanks for the well wishes.  It sounds like you have a real conundrum on your hands.  I haven't been on too much lately, so I was wondering how that was going for you.    Of the serious...
I've been dating an INFJ for about a month now and I can honestly say that this is the healthiest, most honest, and least guarded relationship I've ever been in.  I feel as though I'm dating the...
I replied in this thread as opposed to the other one as to not derail the original poster's question over there.  Thanks for asking though.  So far so good.  It's refreshing to date with someone...
This may not be that helpful, but I can tell you one thing, if she is truly an ENFJ then you aren't stuck in the middle ground.  She's either interested in you or she's completely disinterested.  ...
Here's how I look at it:  I'm an extremely logical person.  When a friend comes to me with a problem I am usually quite good at breaking it down in a purely factual manner and then presenting it...
I'm an ENFJ male and my dad is an INTP (mom is also an ENFJ).  I'm not exactly sure what you mean by lack of a connection though.  I felt/feel a connection to both of my parents, but the relationship...
95066  We are all the same.  I'm a fairly organized person, but you might not realize it because I also subscribe to the pile technique.  What's funny is that my mom, who is also an ENFJ, does...
We've been talking almost every night for a week or so, but because I was travelling for work we did didn't have our first date until last night.    I'd say it went rather well.  We got on the...
If I had a dollar for every time I've been accused of overthinking things.....   I talked to her again last night and afterward I sort of came to the same conclusion that you guys are all telling...
There was a thread on here a few weeks back that kind of got off track where a few of us (Seeker, Eggsies, etc.) were discussing being picky when choosing a potential mate.  Just now I was reading...
Where are all of the INFP's hiding?  The only one I know is my uncle (he's definitely my favorite on my dad's side).  I'd certainly like to be able to weigh in on this action.    As for INFJs, I...
I answered yes purely on the merit of the question and not considering any other context.  For example, if you would have asked Do you enjoy being single more than being in a healthy relationship...
Seeker, you seem like a really cool person.  I just want to wish you the best here.
I think the thing that we need to remember when it comes to Extrovert v. Introvert, Intuitive v. Sensing, Feeling v. Thinking, and Judging v. Perceiving is that these are not on/off switches.  Each...
I don't mean to sound arrogant, but I feel like I do deserve what I perceive as a higher quality woman.  I'm not asking for Ms. Perfect, just someone that is intelligent, caring, sane, and that I...
Just FYI, this isn't necessarily a gender thing.  There are plenty of women that only want to get in a guy's pants.  The last woman I dated (a quintessential ESFP) was like that.  She was a big fan...
I just meant not dating someone based on reasons that others may not agree with or think I'm being too picky about.    The children thing is kind of a big deal for me due to my past.  My ex-wife...
Seeker,  I really am sorry if what I said made you feel bad.  That's absolutely the last thing I'd want to do on here.  It's almost like this thread has come full circle though.  I have my criteria...
The main problem I have with that is that I've always wanted to have a family.  I'm not opposed to adoption, but I'd really like to have my own biological children.  I'd like to date/be married to...
Yes, pretty much I'd say late 20's to mid 30's.  I'm 34, so that's about what I'm dealing with.    I've gone out with a 24 and a 25 year old in an attempt to beat the system, but the problem I...
I don't mean to sound cynical with this reply, but I already know it will.  It will get better and then IT WILL GET WORSE...WAY FUCKING WORSE.  There is a period (typically post-college/mid 20's)...
I've had four romantic relationships in my life that I would say got to a somewhat serious phase.  Two of them cheated.  We're in the same boat there, brother.  It's disgusting.  I've never even...
I think you hit the nail on the head here.  My ex-wife was 5'4 and about 125lbs when we got married, but after about 8 years of marriage (and no kids to blame) she got past 170lbs.  For years she...
That's fair.  And blatantly obvious.  I guess I'm just afraid that they will think think it's for purely superficial reasons (it is), but I just want everyone to be happy and for nobody to get their...
Yeah, that's my big problem.  I tend to be pretty straightforward, but in this case I need to be tactful.
I've been divorced for about a year-and-a-half now.  I stared dating again about a year ago and in that time I've probably gone out with 6-7 women (only two of them got mildly serious).  What never...
When the woman I was just dating and I broke up a few weeks back I had the strong intuition that she was hinting at a FWB type setup.  She told me that she wanted to continue to hang out on a regular...
And not to sound objectifying or anything, but the one that I dated for a bit was also by far the best lover I've ever had - very passionate and very giving.  Maybe that is the case for all of us...
Yeah, that does sound like a very unhealthy one.  It was mentioned in another thread on here this week, but cheating for an ENFJ is pretty rare.  Good thing you got away from that one.
I have only once, but unfortunately at the time she wasn't emotionally ready for a serious relationship (I might not have been either) due to very serious relationships that we both had just gotten...
Someone already kind of hit this topic, but I think that XNFXs are just different when it comes to love/relationships.  Those BS games don't work on NFs.  I just got out of a relationship with an...
You nailed this.  There aren't too many people I dislike, but if you've wronged me and get the ENFJ version of the door slam then prepare yourself.  Personally my cold is more of a passive...
I voted INFJ, but...........  there is a caveat.  I think this only applies to them before they open up.  Here is my example:  I met a woman over a year ago that was a childhood/highschool friend...
Hopefully you guys don't think I was bashing ESFPs from my post, I just think that for a serious romantic relationship the ENFJ - ESFP mix is just not a good one at all.  Y'all are an absolute...
I'm asking this because to me cheating is such a foreign concept.  I can't even fathom ever doing it.  Back when I was married I remember feeling very guilty because I once ran into a good friend's...
I just got out of a relationship with one.  The first month or two were spectacular.  She was always looking to have fun and live in the moment...  Then real life caught up.    The negatives I saw...
I'm sorry for the loss of your grandfather.   I think that sometimes the ENFJ power of intuition can indeed be a curse.  I, too, have been in the situation where I can tell something negative is...
ENFJs can be pretty controlling if they are not the healthiest or if they are just completely unaware of those tendencies.  Your dad has probably thought about this a lot and has envisioned all of...
Yes, I'm digging up an old thread, but I just ended things with my ESFP girlfriend last night.  I figured I'd weigh in on this to share another perspective on this type of match up.  I'm actually...'"


5715: Now i'm curious.. Why do you think ENFJ makes such a great villain?
Welcome!
Welcome!
Welcome!
Welcome!  Every time I hear about someone being written as an ENFJ it's as the villian.. :crying:
Welcome! What type/s do you lean toward as your type?
Welcome!
Welcome fellow ENFJ!
Welcome!  Introverts can be social. They just need their alone time to recharge.
Welcome!
Welcome!
Welcome!
I'm willing to bet you have plenty of your own awesome.
Can be but not generally a tend to be unless you're talking about an unhealthy ENFJ.  I tend to pick up on the feeling/preference of the people around me. It's not intentional, and it would...
Maybe they're just clueless?
I'll just say try not to blow up. It sounds like if you don't have this talk soon it'll drag out until you blow up anyway. So maybe now is better than later?
So stupid was clever?:confused:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfjTZLxekig
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpUYjpKg9KY   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04F4xlWSFh0  :angry:
Haha I was avoiding the word stupid.
I won't argue with your motivation :)
This was awesome! For an encore there's a link on the bottom for two banana slicers packaged together.
Send a text or make a quick call, then stop. Let them respond when/if they're ready.
Next time you run into something like this you could point out that misapplying one type of test to a completely different result is a better indicator of who the least intelligent person is.
Efficiency is great and all, but a little fumbling shouldn't set him off. Going off in public being even worse. There's either something else, or he's very immature.
You're describing a narcissist I had the exact same problems with. You have to put your foot down. It only gets worse, not better.
So far I kind of agree with the not so healthy ENFJ..   What do you do when you procrastinate?
When you buy a sleeve of plastic cups that you have 20 uses for, and none of them involve drinking anything.
Welcome!  Happy trolling :)
Welcome! So glad you decided to stop stalking and say hi. :)
Welcome!  I hate leg day but I'll take it over cardio any day..
Welcome!
Damn Sheik.. Worst dinner ever!  I hope the food was still good, and you enjoyed the time out..
Nice to meet you, and thank you.
Nice to meet you. So far so good..
Oops.. I read your post but somehow missed that.. All nice choices but I favor the first personally
Watching the daycare issue sounds like you're punishing yourself. The self guilt trips aren't easy to deal with but having them doesn't really help anything. To be completely honest it sounds like...
I've been down this road more than I care to mention.. Just continue doing what you do. Some people will get the wrong idea no matter what you do. If someone mistakes your empathy for romantic...
Welcome! *looking about for a net to capture wild infj with*  What do you like to write about?
Welcome!
You're in the right place!
Welcome!
Welcome!
Welcome! You'll probably find what you're looking for here. Could some of that bluntness be from all of that military time?
Welcome!  I love history. What history interests you most?
Hello, and welcome :)  I've never met a disagreeable person from Ireland, but then I haven't met too many.. Feel free to disagree :p
Welcome and good luck :)  What prompted your interest in psychology?
Welcome. I hope you get the rounded experience you're looking for.
You were absolutely right to say no. I know the feeling, but sometimes you just can't say yes, and this sounds like one of those times. It also sounds like the family member was using you as a crutch...
I love good conversation. I think its safe to say that is something ENFJs have in common. At the very least he's enjoying your conversation, and if he is an ENFJ then he probably already considers..."


5726: 'another xnfp  kiss-feet of xntj ,or maybe just find win thanks so easy?.
when you meet someone who believes is misogynistic and dangerous to be a INTx ,you will understand (if you take some time in the forum then you should have known even one :tongue:)
if you start to identify with fictional characters and base the vision of you that way it means you have a self-esteem problem.  OHH..I forgot me that you have the same type of personality that...
I do not understand why you idolaters and throw flowers to the XNTJs.But not matter...  1ºwhat has to do the neuroticism,the honesty or aggressiveness with the mbti? This is equivalent to say that...
to die again, the hell is warm,the earth is dirty
1. Hey, kill 'em all?  2.pff..kill 'em all  3.i would feel eager to Kill 'em all :3
INTJs are very openminded to be sure something 100%,a type who really sure of something 100% would be a xstj.
you know jimmy wales??founder of wikipedia?this is your opinion about the mbti:    (PD:Ohh yeah, sources! http://marc.info/?t=108606850100001&r=1&w=2)  I guess he's right about that people need...
I'm sure that commenting something that does not contribute to the topic will help you pay your bills. LOL
I guess these are of those post in which you don't know you should comment. LOL
Late at night, all systems GO You’ve come to see the SHOW We do our best, you’re the REST You make it real, you KNOW There is a feeling deep INSIDE That drives you fuckin’ MAD A feeling of a...
And Kaneki??NO??
sinji are not isfj??he not look like a XNXP type.  by the way, frodo is the best infp badass evah!
what do you mean when you say Conceptual model?
All types have a nackname,for example; ENFJ are the givers,the altruistic,t̶h̶e̶ ̶c̶u̶l̶t̶ ̶l̶e̶a̶d̶e̶r̶,t̶h̶e̶ ̶a̶n̶n̶o̶y̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶m̶o̶m̶,etc... but,why the INTP are call them the...
ok , this gets complicated, I have understood that an introvert spends more time in their thoughts , in their inner world , while an extrovert lives more often in the outside world .the name...
he is introverted, looking to be alone most times and is a men of few words,initially he avoided genos, and he wanted to go home as soon as possible,also is not very expressive,probably is intuitive,...
then.. he is isxp ??I think he is isxp
I already mentioned it at the beginning of the thread, if you did not notice
he sometimes reminds me of MacGyver,he is typical Ti doml,what you think about MacGyver ?? intp too?      thanks rain!!! :Q
the thread have 2 pages and still not getting any thanks? already I knew that  INTPs are somewhat stingy, but I am impressed that in other forums i get a thanks every minute T_T ,want a...
he is INTP, I just said that in the animated series there is so much action that all the characters seem SPs, while in the comic he is more thoughtful and demonstrates his intelligence and ingenuity,...
in the comics he is a pureblood INTP, but the animation looks like a istp, I think it is because the animation of batman focuses more on action than in the comic,anyway, i love the question ;)   ...
don't know,He is very Se, i think that he is estp.
Spiderman of the comics: INTP  Crybaby spiderman of the films: INFP
why you think he is Ti dom?,    many people consider him as an INTJ or ISTP wherefore I don't include him.    -Sherlock in books: ISTP
I always thought that he is a istp, but I guess I'm wrong,I still think lain is most cool  XD
always we talk of badass characters istp or estp, but there INTP badass characters ??  -sherlock holmes?:his personality is doubtful, the opinions always vary between IXTXs  -L?:I don't consider...
Minx  i agree, What is your point??
The term Philosopher is the best because Thinkers can refer to any XNTX. while philosopher only fits in INTP
I have lately found that many people do not know the difference between INTJ INTP, which in my opinion, it is easy to differentiate, we go with the first point.  1° INTJs often have few projects...
or perhaps the enthusiasm is genuine but is so expressive that seems to inauthentic,sometimes people feel threatened by our wide range of emotions.  it's more. i was accused me of bipolarity, are...
charlie.elliot  why you think enfj are sometimes annoying ??
mystikro  but if you're bad-mouthing all enfj calling us narcissists, you not get to generalize ok ?, Ohhh I will insult all the enfjs because I do not have any logic argument   and no, I did...
Necrilia  this topic did with the sole aim of enabling people to give an opinion, if you think that this topic is useless then, that doing here?  I just gave an opinion and others give theirs, we...
apparently nobody understood the not all, especially those who say we are all special, I'm a good person
Calm,not you say that all infj have powers of hypnotizing, is just a personality type XD     clear that all people are special, the problem is when a person or group of people think they are...
I have nothing against the INFJs, I have even said that most are humble people, but there are also some (people who are probably not even infj) who thinks they are superior to other types because...
Correction!: Sheldon Cooper is INTP
in no time I have offended you, and when I said I believed I mesias? to begin with, i not even said that all infj are equals, if you're not going to contribute anything, then you do here?    no...
just wanted to hear the opinion of others about it, i not  really annoying. it is good that you decided to speak rationally with me instead of feeling offended because that is not the purpose that i...
I'm not saying that everyone is like you, all people are different from each other, so that all people are special clear that there are many humble infj, what bothers me is that people presumed to...
I did not mean such people demanding special treatment, I mean people who think they are more important than others or none are like them (even though no one can be equal to another both physically...
all people are different from others, the problem is that people tend to hide as they really are to fit into society, and people who are do not hide, of course, thinks it is special, but actually...
forums I've seen on the subject are somewhat unsatisfying for me,    maybe, maybe they are people who are bored and need to feel important, you just have to write in google images infj or...
yep,I do know that this topic is already trite,but when  talk about this in this forum, the conversation always ends speaking bullshit,and not,i not do put infj all in the same bag, there are many...
I think having a friendship with a friend online is possible, but is not the same as in real life, why?  1.most online users do not show their true appearance on the Internet,so you do not feel...
^^INTP 4w3^^
well, I'm infj so my functions are not very different  we can say that is introverted intuition is as the imagination while the introverted thinking is as the mathematical logic, you use Ni when...
^^INTP 7w6^^'"


5779: 'My friends say I flirt a lot. That I'm probably the essence of flirting. LOL.  But I don't really know I'm flirting until my friends tell me I am. And usually, it happens when I'm comfortable with...
Friends and Family:  I just go on their FB page, post on their wall saying I miss them for the world to see. Or Tweet them. Text them, probably. Sometimes, if it's a group, I post it on my wall and...
In 2009, Artist INFP had her issues with her family and friends, but she has never been this down. When she started college, her general mood has deteriorated and her self-esteem crashed with it. And...
I currently have two online INFP friends that are in /terrible/ condition right now. Though both don't know each other and are having two different problems, in general, they both feel very lonely...
I have three cousins: ESFP, ENFP and ISFP.  Ever since I was little, I was closest with the ISFP. He's the youngest and there was a time he idolized me and was gay but he was beaten with a belt...
...I don't like kids?  It's one of my unexplained fears, really. XD I don't know, I'm just really afraid of them. I've always been the only child and though I'm eldest, the youngest cousin I grew...
The only sexual relationship I had was with my ex-gf (I'm bi-sexual, and no it is not a Phase).  I'm a biggie for sex after marriage, but it was honestly difficult to resist her. I don't know what...
Romantic Relationships drive me insane when it isn't ended with a closure. Or at least, I wasn't prepped for it.  My first BF died when we were together. I was so furious at him for petty reasons...
Actually, as a professional artist when I graduate, the minimum pay that I will earn for a logo is P15,000 (which is about $341) each. That's with or without approval, said professor. If I pursue...
Romantic is a difficult term to describe for me. I mean, what are the limits?  IDK, I love love and I'm probably the only person in our group of friends that can actually appreciate when two...
We had Oral Communication class a few terms ago. I was always the one my teacher would GLADLY extend the time for mainly because I had conviction and drive when I'm passionate about the topic.  I...
Only if it's sweets and chocolates. XD It's more of my cousins that hoard food, though. LOL. She's also very particular with her weight. C:
My bestfriend is an ENFJ, her bf is an ESFJ. Sure they have fights and ESFJ seems shallow for us (at least because he needs to be told than read between the lines), but he really loves ENFJ and they...
I switch from ENTJ to ENFJ each time I take the test, so I just went with reading deeper into the two and decided I was an ENFJ.  Although believe me when I say that as you grow, your perceptions...
http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y101/robinrecato/newpet.png I just recently changed styles to this, so yeaaaah. I'm selling it off as a pet in Virtual Pet List, so eyup~ There are interests but as...
Nessa... Dr. Dillamond... Fiyero... FIYEEEEEEERRRRRRRROOOOOOOO! -No Good Deed, Wicked LOL. Kidding aside.  If you ask me now, I'd write ALL Wicked stuff cause I'm currently addicted with that. ...
Yes, I do love really deep conversations and I find that it's the main reason why I have a lot of contacts.  I usually branch out to people, especially new friends. Sometimes, even when we're new...
Mostly because of the Under Stress part. I don't turn into a control freak when I'm stressed (though I don't deny there are times, especially with deadlines, that I just push it all the way just so...
I generally like complements and ego-boosters, but I don't crave them. Most of the time, I shy away from them or get pissed because of them. I do better with criticisms, even if that's not natural...
I forgot to mention that all of my other ENFJ friends sometimes dress in really girly clothes, really boyish clothes or clothes that just say I don't feel like dressing up today so I just wore a...
LOL, I can relate to that so much. I can't for the life of me fess up what I feel for a person in fear of ruining our relationship. XD  I fell for an ENFJ about a year ago. I've never had someone...
I myself usually detach from people I'm close with. Not because I don't like them, but because I like to meet other people and dedicate most of my time for these new people. Though, I will not throw...
It's mainly why I can't sleep properly at night? My brain decides to sermon me and I just can't stop it from doing so (so I flush it out with music and hope that I can sleep earlier).  I don't...
Ohgod, now I know how my friends feel like when I give them my assessment of their personality types. One of them told me he felt Naked... and now I feel the same.  Everything you said was so true...
I have 3 other ENFJ friends. We're all very competitive. LOL. The first time I was part of their class, it seemed like we were all out to get each other. Like, we had inside jokes with each other and...
I get ENTJ and ENFJ results each time I take tests, so at first I was so confused. Both were pretty accurate for me and like I said, I don't doubt I used to be an ENTJ and lived most of my life as of...
I know, double post, but LOL, this fits my situation SO MUCH http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lpwgs7vsGl1qbhxibo1_500.gif  She also snobbed me today in school. :U I just. Hnnng.
Sadly, my cousin exhibits strong racism he even teases me with my darker skin tone, but he doesn't blatantly hurt me or anyone. He just kind of likes to laugh at racist jokes and use them as a form...
I understand completely.  In High School, I wasn't as friendly with people compared to now and I was around the smart, academically inclined people. I joined the Citizen Army Training school...
Tomorrow is my last day. LOL. We just have to submit the Mock Radio Stations and we're done. I'm just really scared cause he disregarded our midterm grades and said that our final grade is completely...
I can so relate to that. XDD Most of the time, people think I'm really shallow and bubbly, then suddenly BAM words of wisdom they didn't think I had. LOL. It's fun, though. XD
I'm scared for my Sound Design grade. I might actually fail.  I'm also scared for all of my subjects this term. I decided to not give a damn about it because I was so put off of studying with what...
Thanks for the replies~ I could have sworn I replied on this already, but I don't see my reply. LOL.  Anyway, I spent about two hours shopping and I can think clearer about this situation. I have...
I'm turning 20 on September, she's just 19. We're second year college.  Which is why I wonder why she problems about how popular people are. I thought that was all High School Fluff.
I was just really surprised with what she said. I didn't really think of her to be capable of saying whatever she said and it was really frustrating for me. I guess the shock just really took me by...
Do anyone of you value social hierarchy? Do you strive to be popular or keep a high social status?  Just wondering cause my friend and I were talking about this and something she said kind of...
I like girly things, but I never indulge.  I don't usually wear skirts or dresses, but I love wearing them when I do. I just don't find it very important to dress up for school. I go there every...
Normally, I don't care what others think of me. I have a lot of different sets of friends so of course I can't just keep telling everyone my life. I do tend to hide a lot of things that people think...
I switch from ENFJ and ENTJ each time I get tests. Though, I have found that ENFJ fits me more than ENTJ, but I don't deny that I may have been ENTJ most my life.  I grew up with T's for friends...
LOL. I was about to post an INFP/ENFJ thread since I kind of find my new INFP friend very interesting and the connection between the two of us were almost immediate.   She's been friends with all...
Those sound really fun!  My mom said Lion King was really boring for the most of it and that she fell asleep. But she doesn't share the same passion for Musical theater as I do. In fact, I really...
Anyone else here is a Theater Enthusiast like I am?  I've been watching plays ever since I was young, but I stopped watching them for a while to concentrate on studies. When my aunt said they...
My ISTP bestfriend and I had this major issue because I didn't open my life up to her when I knew everything about her... but she never asked me what she wanted to know so I didn't know what to tell...
Well, I sort people. LOL  Acquaintances: Once I meet a person, I consider them as a friend. I will then take the initiative to be friends and converse with them for a while. Sometimes, I just...
Razvan Well, the two ENFJs you said are actually INTJs. XD Yes, both of them. LOL.  And the one kickboxing, she's ENFJ (and no, that's not me at 0:04). :)) She does actually show a lot of ENFP...
It's the opposite for me. XD With so many friends, I barely even feel that I need to involve myself into someone else's life. In fact, I tell my friends that if at one point I seem to not talk or be...
Yep, it's the same with me. I actually told one of my ENFJ friends (she was starting to be clingy) that if one day, I suddenly stop talking to her or I don't talk to her as often, she should take it...
Generally, to me a very ENFJ song that may describe ENFJs very well is Cameo Lover by Kimbra.  It can go both ways. There are ENFJs that are so guarded that they tend to keep their emotions to...
...one of my INTJ and one of my ISTJ is like this. LOL.  I just keep myself detached and let them fuss over things. IDK about you, but what I do is show them that I also have a life to bother with...
Not INFP but I own tons of animals.  I love Dogs. I have a Shih Tzu I CANNOT let go of. The breed is not super high maintenance dogs. You just have to groom them properly. I used to have two and I...'"


5812: 'I'm in a relationship with an ISTJ for 4 years now and we started as friends. When it progressed into a relationship though, it was fast! It's the most calm and stable relationship I've had, so I'm...
Yeah, I had a feeling it might be my 9-ness :D Happy that you pointed it out :D  And yeah, I only shop now when there's a sale, or when a friend of mine wants to shop. I do more window shopping...
Awww...is that you on your avatar?  You're such a cute and smart little girl! You have wisdom far beyond your age! :tongue:
Based on the ISTJ whom I'm in an LDR with:  He showed it through actions for a few months, but I was never sure and never assumed that it was something else until he told me about it. He wanted to...
*does a J high five*   Vacations with my family always leave me stressed because my parents, who are both strong Perceivers, never plan the trip. We were in a 10 hour bus ride for a 3-day vacation...
I agree with this. Sometimes I want to tear my hair out from all the moaning and whining.  For the past two weeks I've been listening to my INFP friend going on and on about how one coworker keeps...
IMHO, I think that has more to do with the guy being a jerk than the guy being an ISTJ :-/ Sorry you had to go through that :( But I'm glad you got away from him. :)   But I do see your point about...
I'm confused as to why you would want to be in a relationship with someone who will have no problem pushing you away when stress gets to him too much and does not consider you a priority.   Yeah,...
Dear ISTJ,  My dormmates said they like my cooking. I've been practicing a lot since I moved here.  I only wish I could be able to cook for you too, but I have to wait a year to see you again. ...
I'm guessing it's either because your questions are similar to those asked by women in that age bracket (according to some sources :P) or he just checked your profile picture :P
Maybe it also has to do with the fact that I never really liked buying clothes. Too many choices. I'm the girl who enters a shop, tries on something, and leaves without buying anything 9 times out of...
I just found out that my ISTJ spends more on clothes than I do! O_O And I'm a girl.  Well, he tends to go for branded clothes because their clothes have better material than those in thrift shops....
The will to extend one's self for the purpose of nurturing one's own or another's spiritual growth - Scott Peck   “The expression of productiveness (which) implies care, respect, responsibility...
I do that too, I tend to avoid physical contact and would draw away when that happens. I have to be really comfortable with the guy before that happens. Although I probably would be more open to it...
Reading all these comments makes me think this girl was probably raised by an ISTJ :)   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTTczC27fko
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4w1ti9MNt1qzbxoeo1_1280.jpg
My ISTJ hates it when his family members use his stuff without asking him, like his computer for example. Although we're very close, he never really touches my stuff without asking, and I do the same...
http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8150/7294793160_dc9fee0560.jpg
If I was in your position, I would come clean and tell him right away that I read the message on his facebook and was bothered by what I saw. Because if I keep it to myself, I'm just going to keep on...
^ that's how I learned to wrap gifts too :)   ...When you think that going on a week-long all-expense paid trip is a hassle because you have to finish all your work requirements before you leave.
I like how my ISTJ could push me to do the right thing--like not skipping class for example. But he still needs to understand that my endurance levels are not as high as his. When I told him I'm...
I think those stereotypes definitely hurt more than help. I can't count the number of times I thought I was being 'manipulative' or 'clingy'. I did ask my boyfriend that a few times at the start of...
This video may be interesting, if you want to know what love does to your brain. :)   http://vimeo.com/33698394
Not an ISTJ, but giving my two cents. Hope you don't mind.  My ISTJ roommate in college had a nasty habit of truly leading people on for long stretches... She had a boyfriend at home in Seattle,...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBAY8WNOZtQ  I can hold space while you see what your heart has to say about me,  I acknowledge you for what you do to keep strong,  There's no dotted line to sign...
Yes, but what I'm trying to say is that in your example, it seems like the NTs and SJs would approach the situation in the same way--preventing their friend from expulsion. It seemed as though, from...
Jawz  Wow, thank you for the mention. I really appreciate it :) You're one of the most respected members in PerC and in the ENFJ forum, so I'm honored to be remembered that way by you. :) Thank you...
To me, that sounds a bit too simplified. Why was the mutual friend being expelled in the first place? If the reason for expulsion is something that is justifiable (eg. the friend went against the...
^ This makes me think that ISTJ's would probably not enjoy philosophical discussions...is that the case?  Although one thing I've noticed is that my ISTJ doesn't worry as much about the future (eg....
Sounds very familiar for me too :)) When my ISTJ found my ticklish spot (my back and my sides), he and his ENFP sidekick would end up poking me there! I'd head on to the nearest wall to protect my...
I just want to share this set of listening guidelines I learned from counseling class from way back. It's practiced by Rogerian psychologists, and I think it provides clear guidelines on how to make...
First of all, I like how you composed the question. Direct and straight to the point and inviting us to put ourselves in the shoes of another person. :)  I think if I was your mom, I would like to...
I can relate to that A LOT. Sometimes, I just think about something (usually relaying past conversations in my head or what) and not notice where I'm going or what's going on in my environment. ...
I can relate, I've always been shy. I find it hard to talk to people I've just met for the first time. I don't really seek them out either. But there are times when I just feel very comfortable...
Yes, but I also agree with the others that it was probably how it was worded. Personally, I didn't bother to post an answer to that question since I don't have a clear opinion of ISTPs (also, the...
Just did my class presentation awhile ago. They make me so nervous while waiting to present, but while I'm there, the nervousness goes away. Weird.   My classmates said it went well and mentioned...
Some suggestions to help you guys out :P  http://i.imgur.com/LwPeG.jpg
Hi Delphinium! I'm a fellow ENFJ here, in a relationship with an ISTJ. I'll try to see whether I understand where you're coming from and from there, I hope I can help you.    You were raised in a...
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m0vkhiCAHp1ql75poo1_500.jpg
Predictable in some aspects, unpredictable in others.  Predictable because I tend to keep my preferences and habits. Foods that I like, songs that I like or movies that I like tend to remain...
I love to read. I tend to stick to the authors I like though. I like reading Murakami books, Harry Potter series, graphic novels and manga, Sherlock Holmes and other detective novels and all poems...
Hi guys, it's my first time to post in this thread. :)  My roommate is an ISFJ who has been in a relationship for almost 3 years now. Initially, she said, the guy has been more forward and...
Glad I can be of help :)    Those are really good insights about things to work on. :)    You work in a customer service field?? Wow, my first job was in the customer service field! :D
Huh? Sorry, I didn't get the joke.     Oh, I see. This is what I needed to hear, especially the part in bold. Sometimes I don't like to tell other people about my opinions about other ENFJs...
Chill. All ENFJ's are not the same--your boss may be different from each of us. I agree with and can relate to some of the things other ENFJs say but that doesn't mean I agree with all. These 4...
Aww, thank you for the advice. :) Yes, I actually thought about not saying anything, given that I don't want to cause any possible conflict over something so small. I actually felt like I was...
Wow. I'm uncomfortable with PDA, so when my ISTJ and I were together with friends, we basically act like friends. We don't even hold hands. Although for me, it's quite obvious that I'm the girlfriend...
I've started watching the TV shows my ISTJ recommended, and they're really entertaining and informative: Good Eats (which applies chemistry concepts to food in an entertaining way), Who's Line is it...
First, what is your personality type?  ENFJ  Did your relationship with ISTJ end? Or, are you still together?  Still together. A few bumps in the road, but hopefully we'll manage.  What have...
^ 28,000 and I'm 27, bilingual and English is not my native language (learned it in school though, and all my subjects are taught in English).'"


5838: 'Wait, glow-in-the-dark dinosaur onesie? Is an article of clothing even allowed to be that awesome?
For what it's worth, my roommate is an ESFP, and I was crazy about another ESFP (didn't know at the time) last year, and we all get along swimmingly.  As far as my roommate goes, he's probably my...
Oh boy! :crazy:  A couple years ago, there was a [fairly extroverted] INTP that I was pretty crazy about. She's a year and some change younger than me and she still intimidates me to this day. In...
One of the most entertaining streams-of-consciousness I've read in a while. Loved it!  Do Not Send This Text by Brad Pike
Love is that condition whereby the happiness of another is essential to your own. ~Robert Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land  I really like that quote, and I think to some extent, you can't...
When I saw your avatar, it was immediate attraction and desire. :wink::wink:  In all seriousness though, I don't believe in love at first sight, but I do believe that first encounters can be...
I think I'm NF > E > J. My J is quite weak; like shakti, I've tested ENFP before.    I think that's a reflection on how we associate with people rather than our cognitive functions. When I...
Follow-up question: If you could have dinner with 3 people, any 3 people from all of history, all at one dinner table, who would they be?  I'd have to say my high school math teacher, one of my...
Spot on. Happiness is not a zero-sum game; there is no fixed quantity of it in the world where if some people are happier others are worse off for it.  I used to really go out of my way to help...
I don't think that discounts you from being an ENFJ. I certainly don't set aside time to introspect and do not absolutely need alone time to sort of reset my life and get everything in order, but...
Good stuff, aren't the in-retrospect-I-actually-know-myself-damn-well moments great? And on an unrelated note, I like your writing style. It's entertaining. :tongue:  Anyway, this is kind of a moot...
I cried watching this.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cbk980jV7Ao
*giggles like a 5-year old* :crazy: I'm excited for you!    1. On a scale from one to ten, approximately 92. And a half. 2. Become really close friends and, through this friendship, become...
This past month, a really close friendship of mine developed into a romantic relationship. She makes me really happy! :tongue: http://i.imgur.com/t4T3iLi.jpg  http://i.imgur.com/XKiSzwP.jpg ...
Flying across hemispheres to visit an SO at 17. I am floored! All of your gestures are so sweet (:  Do you guys think ENFJs develop their romantic side earlier than most people? I just finished my...
This picture and caption makes me so happy. (: Welcome to the forums!
Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows http://www.dictionaryofobscuresorrows.com/  Some samples that I like: Adronitis (n.) - frustration with how long it takes to get to know someone—spending the first...
11 Quality Time 9 Physical Touch 6 Acts of Service 2 Words of Affirmation 2 Receiving Gifts  I think this is how I like to receive affection. I think I'm very good at using acts of service,...
These weren't necessarily all done for romantic partners per se, but they were for friends who were close enough that I wouldn't object to a romantic relationship with them.  Custom pillowcase!...
You know you're an ENFJ when sometimes, you just need a reason to get angry at someone, to not be able to forgive them, to push them away once and for all because you need to cut them out of your...
I think smiling makes people look more attractive. (: We all seem to be pretty good at smiling with our eyes.
Something that's come up for me recently is figuring out when I need to exercise some self-control in trying to build emotional intimacy with people.  What I've started to realize is that I am...
Ahaha absolutely I'm having a great time! I'm not done with finals until mid-June (quarter system, not semester system...). Afterwards, I'm going to be doing research in social psychology lab where...
Oh boy, I've been MIA for a while. College really takes up a lot of time. Here's some pictures of what I've been doing recently (and I have not a damn clue how to make them show up smaller, so...
First things first, welcome to the forums! Allow us to shower rainbows and smiles upon you. :crazy:  With that said, I can entirely relate to your concern. I'm a psychology and computer science...
There've been a couple ENFJ blog links collected here. Not all of them are tumblr blogs though.
I read this interesting article about the idea of a soulmate and I wanted to hear what you guys think about it. The full article can be found here. The two most important paragraphs were the last...
You don't necessarily enjoy going to parties and the like to meet new people, but when you meet new people one on one it's all HIII HOW ARE YOU LET ME LOVE YOU! :crazy:    ... or maybe that's...
We smile as our heart throbs and invisible tears roll down our face.
How did I not see this before? :shocked:  I've used Google Hangouts, Mumble, tinychat, and Skype with some level of success. If we could make public ENFJ chats a monthly thing that'd be fantastic....
This quarter, I'm taking a class called Love as a Force for Social Justice, and it's making me think critically about what it means to be in love, different types of love, and how love is expressed...
I don't believe in the existence of the one. I don't think there is one person who is our soulmate that we are meant to be with, where everything just falls in line and is great. However, I don't...
When you ask someone about their day, you really want to hear all about their day!
http://buttersafe.com/comics/2013-02-14-Falling.jpg
This morning, a couple of the guys in my dorm and I got up at 6:30am, got dressed in formal clothes (tuxes, ties, etc.), practiced a quick a cappella arrangement of I Want It That Way, and then...
Definitely not a professional, but I consider myself a musician!  I played piano for two years, then switched to cello for five years, then took up musical saw for fun. Never had formal vocal...
I laughed so hard at the post, and especially this line. It's all SO TRUE. Thanks for sharing! (:
I agree with you, but I'm not sure how this prevents a romantic relationship from developing out of a platonic one with a single person, completely independently of past relationships with other...
I'm a little hazy about what you said there, but I think I got it. (Correct me if I misunderstood anything.)  I think many times you have expectations of what you want to see in a partner and have...
On more than one occasion I've said to my best friend something along the lines of: Slap me, verbally and then physically if necessary, if I'm making bad romantic decisions. I will be mad at you...
I was talking to a close friend of mine that was having trouble falling asleep, and we got to talking about the mythical friend zone and its implications. I've asserted on multiple occasions on this...
This is a weird thing to ask of ENFJs, but I think some alone time would do you a lot of good.  It's hard when things aren't entirely within your control. Certainly, your family is in the wrong,...
I consider myself moderately liberal (on the American political spectrum, anyway) when it comes to political views, but I figured if there's one place where a community can set aside all biases and...
Hello hello!  How old are you? Turned 18 four months ago.  Where are you from? Born in Florida, raised in Michigan and Washington state, living in San Francisco Bay Area for college  How long...
Starbucks!?! The Seattleite in me is excited. :crazy:
65.  It seems the majority of us are in the same ballpark of scores (namely 60-70). It's getting me to thinking: is empathy something intrinsically ENFJ (you can't be an ENFJ without being fairly...
Not really, it takes me about 3 minutes to get dressed everyday. I dress pretty much exclusively for comfort, taking into account what the weather's like and what I'm going to be doing that day....
No regrets.  Those were the only two words my first girlfriend wrote in my yearbook at the end of the year, after we'd broken up. She doesn't know it, but I owe so much to her for writing that.
What a thought-provoking thread!    Favorite color indeed is a go-to question I have when meeting new people, but thinking about it now, I don't actually ask that to people who are introduced to...
This is true for me and a number of the ENFJs I know, but I don't know if all ENFJs feel this way:  You don't like excessive hugging because hugs carry a significant, implicit emotional meaning...'"


5856: '1. If you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal, would animal would represent you? A chimpanzee. At least then I'd be the second most human animal on earth :P 2. Name an accomplishment...
I. Love. Dogs! I, however, have learned to keep my distance from cats. I used to be a cat person but I developed an allergy to cat dander in elementary school and now I can't even enter a house with...
I almost never have long-term crushes. I get really giddy about it and even if I wasn't planning to ask the person out, they usually figure me out in a few days and are either creeped out or...
The point of love and compassion is to keep the human species going for as long as possible. Love makes us more likely to support each other instead of being detrimental. It's what keeps the father...
http://www.commerce.gov/sites/default/files/images/2011/june/shuttle_piggyback.jpgIIn the end, all the lonely space shuttle needed was a piggyback ride from a friend :wink:
Oh yeah. Dem feels. :3 But really, I am like that sometimes, but when I'm really upset, it's hard to maintain.
Sometimes I just wanna make someone's day a little brighter. Other times I just feel that I should. :proud:
I am a very animated person, and I feel a lot, and when I feel it, I just get the feels all over everyone. Yoohoo Larry I'm sorry you don't like emotions :unsure:
https://fbcdn-sphotos-b-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/p480x480/998216_637194162968265_29923941_n.jpg Get it? Ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ha. :happy:
:shocked: But I just went shoe shopping! Alas, poor self esteem, I knew it well. Now people have to judge me for my personality, things can only get more interesting from here :tongue:
Hello, lovely ISTJs. -hugs- :crazy:I'm back!(It's Yourebffjill) But anyway:, I would like my ideal partner to: -Like and get along with my family and friends -Love dogs -Love children and want...
I have never dated somebody twice before. I feel like if I ever did, it would have to be 10 years later, or some other long amount of time. Enough time for both of us to change enough to be...
I'm an engineering major, looking to switch to physics. You aren't alone at all, dear. And, there would be a very famous ENFJ physicist out there right now too, named Neil Degrasse Tyson. You should...
1) Maximizer: People strong in the Maximizer theme focus on strengths as a way to  stimulate personal and group excellence. They seek to transform  something strong into something superb. 91 ...
I'm sure you can restrain yourself :tongue:
@pneumoceptor I wanna do it!! :happy:I'm on a leave of absence from work because I broke my hand and I need something to do and I don't start college until the fall.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umDr0mPuyQc  Really though, I think the result was inaccurate because I may be driven, but I'm definitely not driven by the need for power :tongue: Oh and I forgot...
Mine came up red.... :unsure: http://www.colorcode.com/media/piecharts/piechart-nFUJWzQg.png
Olivia. :D
That sounds way too creepy. He just met you and he's coming on way too strong. I think he has ulterior motives and I think you should drop it like it's hot.
(skip over 1:30-2:01)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UR_byRbXxvs
Hey guys, settle down, please. She's new and she didn't know about the other threads(I dont see any on the first page myself). alittleflower it's nice to see you taking initiative and creating a...
Ways to get out of my house(I currently live in the country without my own car).Also, ways to convince my work to let me be a cashier with my injured hand. Unfortunately, both have been unfruitful....
So here's what I've observed about myself throughout my high school years: Either people loved me to pieces, or they absolutely hated me beyond repair, despite the rarity of myself having malicious...
Step 1:Put stuff away where you know it should go(spices in spice drawer, etc). Step 2: Throw stuff out that you don't need(or donate it). Step 2: Buy containers + put similar things in those...
I just happen to have every stuffed animal that was ever given to me, so I'd say so.
mom: ENFP Dad: ISTJ Brother 1: ENTJ Brother 2: INFP Brother3: INTP Grandma: INFP Aunt: ESFP Step grandmother: ISFJ
I'm upset because I'm 17 and just out of highschool and I've never been to a party, tried alcohol, or used drugs of any sort and everyone else has. Right now, my boyfriend is at his friend's party...
I suppose so
I want to win the argument even if I'm wrong. sometimes it takes me longer to realize I'm wrong though. most of my arguments are more based on my opinions than on fact. Today I had an argument over...
Thank you for replying :) I question whether or not I'm xNFJ because I am incredibly stubborn and competitive, even when I know I'm completely wrong and sometimes I choose to be in the dark so as to...
Hey guys, I've done one of these before but I was in a mood and I dont think I was completely myself about it. So how about we try this again? :)  1. Is there anything that may affect the way you...
Lol at the one upping people at company luncheons thing. I actually do that a lot. Oh we get to bring food? -prepares most complicated, delicious dish possible-
http://www.myfacewhen.net/uploads/4316-sunglasses.gif I'm choleric.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SK1wyLJVKog
There's an ask us anything thread but I assume you want a bigger audience focusing on your post, soooo.  What are your interests and hobbies? I like to go out whenever I can(with friends of...
Usually if it is misinterpreted, it is misinterpreted as flirting. I rarely have any other issues with it, but it's hard to be myself around guys especially when they all think I'm a huge flirt and...
Haha same for me, except even seeing one is better than like 10 thanks. :)
Let's talk about the best feelings in the world. I'll start: -When someone tells me they like being around me/I'm considerate/cheer them up, etc. -Running a couple miles, then jumping in a pool...
I can't even bear to read/watch that and I'm a girl. Eew. :P
-Sees posts- So this is why my name hasn't been changed as fast as the people who posted the day before me....XD Now to try to remember who has all these new names so I don't get extremely confused...
Please change my username to 'Perpetual Iridescence'. Thank you :)
I was homeschooled when I was younger, so I didn't have much of a chance to be popular, with few peers and fewer chances to make friends. And when I left homeschool, it took me some time to get used...
As long as it's interesting or someone needs me to read it and give advice or even to listen. But if It's extremely long and boring, I'll still skim it.   GreenCoyote You should give us a story! I...
cookie_thief I love you for posting this.  Keep the suggestions coming, guys. Grilled cheese sounds good and nachos are where it's at.:kitteh:
Well I'm being forced to attend family dinner. I say forced because my parents wont allow me to leave the table when I'm done eating and insist that I stay and listen to my brothers fight about...
Hmm. This topic is udderly amoosing.  https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTe3xrgrzF6iYDUuMbljhFQvbJgkFABfPGU_-citp3_snjeiq74 Sorry, I'm really milking the puns.
@Oleas I could sit here all day watching the morphing vegetables in your signature. :crazy: That being said, I have nothing to contribute to this conversation. :D
Violet, yellow, sensitive tan. :) And I'm a type 2w3. I just didn't get blue as a result.
Well, since I like in America, 2.4 babies...'"


