6: 'You're fired.
That's another silly misconception. That approaching is logically is going to be the key to unlocking whatever it is you think you are entitled to.   Nobody wants to be approached with BS...
But guys... he REALLY wants to go on a super-duper-long-ass vacation. C'mon guys. His boss just doesn't listen or get it. He even approached him logically and everything.
Never mind. Just go on permanent vacation.
Two months? I wouldn't be crazy about the idea. If you are really his best employee, then that's what may be cooking him. Who wants their most reliable asset gone for that long?  ENTJ employer...
Lol. Its not like our views were unsolicited. What a victim.
Sometimes I just really like impoverished rap music.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xh0vA6_8mv8
I probably would have lost it too. His stonewalling was insignificant. He was being an idiot over semantics that didn't have any impact on anything. It's one thing to stone wall on critical shit, but...
I would have just taken the project and gave them something later.
The court deposition wasn't a skit. That actually happened. It was a verbatim reenactment.
And her ass.
I'll flirt a woman for a piece of candy at the grocery store. Of course. I use whatever I have at my disposal to get what I want in the most efficient manner possible. If that means flirting that...
http://youtu.be/PZbqAMEwtOE
Yes. In the comments she gave more info, then was shut down because she went from having a crush on her boss and wanted to know how to impress him, to her boss is married and she wasn't interested. I...
What's this we thing about?
Callaendia are you the same INFP girl who was on the ENTJ Facebook forum with this similar question? I just have to ask because the times are so close together, and the scenario is so similar.
3X
11/25 I do not modify myself to suit others, however I do like the spotlight.
I think the easiest and most efficient approach is a tarp, jigsaw, and mulcher. But that's just my personal preference. Not all ENTJs are the same.
Just don't hump my leg...
What are you like a chihuahua or some shit?
I once dumped a girl in college who I was having a 6 month romp with over making me late for class. She said I was petty for it.
DEAD XD   http://youtu.be/PaghIdSJKvQ
MBTIPC perfect. I don't like dealing with middle men either. You can talk directly to me.  ;)
I can sell you the dream...
LOL DEAD. Ha!
The point is that when you are making a point of thinking critically but not thinking beyond common sense, you aren't using your brain. A little bit of effort now to have an understanding of the...
That's just common sense  No, that's just a value judgement backed by popular opinion from social stupidity/laziness. That's only doing what works instead of pushing harder and doing what is...
When it comes to children, they either cry or climb all over me. There is never a gray area.
I don't drink, but when I drank:  Beer: Hardcore ciders and sweet brown ales.  Liquor: VODKA chased with cran or water. < my preferred drink  Wine: Anything dark, dry and sweet. There are so...
Well that escalated quickly.
https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSDA-GNSWRqDgxZibQPN3dfS2LlChp8tO6FCCeVBHuIlYUVfjzkVH2sGAv_  You deal with them.
tl;dr fuuuuu
Those people who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do IA
@Darth Alpha  I would never claim it to be healthy either. Just in my best interest.
On loyalty:  I am loyal to the vision. I am loyal to those who share the vision. I am not into co-dependency in terms of the vision cannot be accomplished without others involved. I stay on course,...
Your answer was worth more time to entertain than the OP.
Hey @MsBossyPants are you down for a debate on Ayn Rand vs Marx? Maybe we should talk about our poor Fi? Oh I know- let's try to correlate testing ENTJ with being sociopathic.  :laughing:
Hitler was no exception- this concept has, is and always will be a principle, tenet, and rule. Politics, ideology, religion, eating, shitting usual.  And if it's not ,then there is nothing to...
Hitler thought he was doing great things. Stalin thought he was justified. These guys thought they were uncorrupt. They viewed any heretic to their dogmas as morally bankrupt, and so did many of...
Meh. There were plenty of evil people who did good things, and plenty of good people who got blood on their hands achieving and attaining higher goals. Bad situations that had good long term effects,...
You would have to ask the OP. He is asking ambiguous questions. I would go with whatever is more efficient/effective vs what is perceived as good every time in the good vs evil dichotomy. It in my...
Good vs Bad =/= Good vs Evil One is an objective positive vs negative dichotomy, the other is a subjective interpretation of characteristics.   NameUser  So to be evil may be a better solution and...
I think they are for sure idiots, but I also think these people went out of their way to fuck their lives up. Did they expose themselves on the internet? Yes. Does this warrant or validate a reason...
I really REEEEEEAAALLLY hate rigidly PC thumb sucking nanny bitches. They remind me of five year olds who are trying too hard to gain their parents approval by taddling. These are the same people,...
I think people need to get some skin. Even if these people are wrong or racist. That's just a waste of time, energy, and resources. These people end up being the focus for being petty and overboard...
http://www.penciltribe.com/cms/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Brian_snowflake-300x225.jpg
http://www.penciltribe.com/cms/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Brian_snowflake-300x225.jpg
I'm not trying to be condescending when I tell you- all those things you have mentioned people saying and have written off as all I have been met with are legit arguments. They don't need to be...
The brevity of my posts is because you don't take much to refute. Just because you aren't acknowledging what people are saying doesn't mean they are saying nothing.'"


24: 'Now I'm interested. But too lazy to go research it, because it's time-consuming :(
Welcome to the club, mate!   https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/a3/18/64/a31864d4b4f164aa86dcba911598da6c.gif
That profile picture of yours is SOOOOOOOO INFP.  Welcome!
Welcome back!
Is it a communist party? Sorry, had to ask.      Alkhemia Welcome! That's an interesting nickname you've got there BTW. It sounds to be a female name, but clearly has something to do with...
http://media.giphy.com/media/HU7a0iLaQCPQc/giphy.gif
Anything that fucks with my mind is a no.  I mean, I can drink some red wine just for the taste but that's it.  Not sure if this thread is only replied to by (former) drug addicts or if the...
It's not that much the difference between online and offline, but the difference between talking about serious and non-serious things.  I'm the same person IRL and online, but others' perception of...
That sounds somewhat like me, apart from the gossip thing. And the interesting part is that the love for gossip changes a lot. If it wasn't there, I'd say that he's just a premature ENTJ. But this...
Nah, I always got away with the things I did. From making smelly smoke bombs in high school to political things like ironically sieg heil-ing a dictator's monument back in my country. You won't...
INTJ - ISTP ENTJ - ISTJ INFP - INTP ENFP - ESFP INFJ - ISFP ENTP - ESTP ISFJ - ESFJ  ESTJ - ESTP ENFJ - unmistakeable and really annoying
It's free to play :tongue:
YXZ  HAVE A MEME, M80  https://scontent.fhou1-2.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/17021773_931845763621268_1389281151178905536_n.png?oh=7cea6be5f3fdae21111dba4be8854480&oe=5929FC2D
:crazy:K N O W . W H E R E . T O . D O W N L O A D:crazy:
:crazy:P I R A C Y:crazy:
Did you see Boku dake ga inai machi? Or 91 days?  My life is pretty boring too. I'm trying video games at the moment, but they don't really help.
I know russian well enough to write books in it. :proud: I even tried once, but then got carried away by more obvious everyday problems.  Japanese is quite interesting, especially because of the...
Have you tried playing Unturned? It's a pretty cool voxel survival game made by a 16 y/o canadian guy :)
I've always known exactly what I want in my life, in several circumstanses, with several outcomes. I have around 26 life plans and every single one of them is updating constantly :wink:
My first language is russian :laughing: I'm bilingual. Also tried learning german, but I forgot everything because of the lack of practice. Internet helps me remember both english and russian though...
This was probably a joke I didn't get. Because otherwise I have no idea how exactly would backups of her files help her remove the toolbars.  Or you meant that she'd have to do a restore from a...
The worst case I've had to deal with was a girl who got so many toolbars installed into her browser that it was constantly crashing. I mean, you could expect this from an older person, but from a 16...
Have you tried telling him that it is extremely stupid to get depressed over a situation he has no control of? I mean, like, literally telling him that, not just saying something other than this and...
Mistyped myself as an ENTP. I mean, I do love arguments and memes, but... No.
I'm 20 and I feel like I'm in the 40s already...
Your prof says you were born in Russia. Do you speak russian?  P.S.: https://media.giphy.com/media/508RHeZhHhemI/giphy.gif
Welcome!  https://media.giphy.com/media/508RHeZhHhemI/giphy.gif
narutoooooooooo   Sorry, I just had to do this.
Niceness is often ineffective. I have a rule of treating people the way I'd want to be treated myself, and I don't need people to be nice when we're talking about serious stuff - I need them to be...
I'm mostly into two completely different games. The first one is Minecraft, which I love for its freedom and style, and the second is The Secret World - an MMORPG set in modern world, that has a lot...
Damn right, son!
BOOOOOOOOOIIIIIII  I second every fucking word of this! And that OMG CONGRAZ made me actually laugh out loud :laughing:   P.S.: Sanders was the only candidate who actually made sense, but he...
I've got one of them on my profile pic - Raymond Reddington from The Blacklist tv series.  The other would probably be Lelouch vi Britannia from the Code Geass anime.  I could probably come...
Now I'm genuinely interested in the number of people who ACTUALLY DID get scared, just so I could know their number compared to the replies and understand human behaviour better...  Anyways, I'm...
WHAT KIND OF GAMES ?  Seriously interested. I hope it's some good games, because I've got no one to play with (oddly). Oh, and yes, I forgot to say hello and welcome, so Hello and Welcome!...
Hey, welcome! So many INFPs here and you're the first male one I saw here :shocked:  I hope you have a great day :)
Hey there! :)  Why are plastic soldiers so interesting to you? I'm more into real soldiers. You can't take over the world using plastic, duh!  Anyways, welcome. I'm an ENTJ and new here too....
You guys mean outer space by saying cosmos, right? I believe that is also an ENTP thing. I've known a few who absolutely love astronomy and astrophysics.
The saddest thing for me is I know exactly what I'm doing wrong and I know exactly what thoughts make me stop progressing, but I can't do anything about it. I've rationalized my behaviour so much...
Is procrastination a trait of all those who like to think a lot? It seems that most of the actively analyzing people in this world spend so much time on it that they ither no longer have any time for...
That is one of the most NF-ish things I've heard in my life. Welcome! I'm a newbie too, and I was also reading through threads on this website frequently without being registered :) MBTI is...
Hello there! How're you doing?  offtop: That guy's facial expression is exactly what I look like when I meet my friends' friends.
Wow. Great, now I know more about Kazakhstan! I'm originally from Azerbaijan and my native language is russian too. Also my azeri is terribly bad :unsure:
Well, my subjects can't answer either, but they're still alive, so I guess it'll be alright!
Oh, I love experiments! Is it gonna be a painful one?
I do remember telling people that I'll send them their family members' body parts :tongue:  It's just that I don't think it's scary to joke about that. Either people are too sensitive, or I look...
Thanks, and you should probably make one too, waylaid. It's fun! Especially fun where there are a ton of INFs replying to it :D  And I'm mostly scary because of my jokes of sending someone a part...
Apart from obvious things like a loved one's death/betrayal (basically the same thing, because if they betray me they're dead for me), I usually get triggered by someone falsely accusing me. Like,...
Hey Lionfart! Guess I'm gonna shorten you to Lion too, otherwise it sounds weird to call someone a fart... I've never been called Marx before, this is quite funny :laughing: I have a habit of...
So... Hello! This is new to me, to be honest.  Never started an introduction post anywhere before in my whole life. Wow. That is actually surprising!  Anyways, I'm happy to be here (at least...'"


26: 'Still going strong at just over the two year mark. I have made noticeable changes and do not plan on slowing. I have attached my 2 year progress picture, but with my face cropped out, you know to...
Congrats fellow ENTJ!
Thats funny, I like it. And... There may be SOME truth to it haha.
I don't follow trends necessarily, although in a way we all do unless we are making our own clothing. I do like to look nice no matter what the situation though. In the summer just hanging out I...
For someone who throws such sweeping generalizations around I have a hard time thinking you're not weak, or possibly it's just your general lack of knowledge on personality theory? Either way, I have...
Congrats Boss!
Gave up the gym tonight for yard work... And... Beer
http://i1276.photobucket.com/albums/y468/2eng/image_zpsda8e95c7.jpg  Haha
Happy birthday to the most talented and intelligent ENFP I have the pleasure of knowing. You truly are an inspirer and I am a better person because of you. Thank you for being you! Love you...
@Doll I read most of your post and didn't see what position this was you were interviewing for, but I just may have missed it. I'm going to approach this from two ways, one from an interviewee...
Congrats!
Not sure what you are saying... to busy noticing the obvious resemblance between me and your avatar. :cool:
So we should make it a form with some sort of digital signature so we know they have read the disclaimer, otherwise it was all done in vain. Unless everytime someone doesn't understand us, we go...
What's the need for an advisory claiming that they may be skipped or may be ignored? Just do it and if they don't get any responses... they'll get the idea.
I think stating that people should be able to post what they want, however they want, just as long as it can be reciprocated is nothing but objective. I know I have posted in the F forums before...
Who was told how to behave? The format idea is certainly telling people how to behave. I only noticed expression of opinions that couldn't be taken on the chin just as we expect others to be able...
Monkey King, Irl what do you do when someone asks you a question or makes a statement that you don't understand? Do you stand there and look at them like they are a fool until they simply walk away,...
I'm not sure that demanding that a question be clear will eradicate any misunderstanding of the question. What makes a question unclear? It seems to me requiring a question be asked clearly alone...
Out of curiosity, in what format/presentation style do you propose other types ideas to be presented in? And does this format/style apply to the ENTJ's as well?
I for one enjoy the varying ideas and viewpoints. I don't think anyone or type should be discouraged either through disclaimers or ridicule from posting in our forum. It seems as though we would be...
Be happy where you are, but never be content to be there.  - L. Rogers
Being fairly new in my position, it felt good to give a member of my team a raise. I am rewarding those that deserve it, and slowly weeding out the dead weight and replacing them with qualified...
Sore and exhausted... that sums it up.
I will... thanks again!
Nothing really comes to mind, my experience with it is too limited. I just know that I like the Indie rock that I've heard so I was curious about others to check out. Thanks for the list. I'll check...
What other Indie rock bands do you like?
Yeah, that's what I like most about the video too... But I do like both versions of the song as well.
Of all the personality types I figured you guys would appreciate this the most... So here you go.   This guy is amazing. The video has over 79 Million views so I am sure many of you have seen this...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oG1IfQx9Oc
No no no you're doing it all wrong. This is how you do it...  http://i.imgur.com/cUQji.gif
Here's my point. I find legs and asses and lips and collar bones and many other parts of a woman that can be seen sexy as well, but let me ask you this... if you were given the choice of seeing a...
If it was the norm for women to walk around topless in our culture, men wouldn't see breasts any more sexually attractive than a pair of legs, because they would be used to it imo. Do I see breasts...
Big day at the gym today. Full chest workout (new personal max weight),  core, and multiple sets of pushups to top it off. I will be ready and will meet my goal.
^^ This and the whole supreme intelligence thing too... wait... that's true too. We will think of something.
Never mind
Thanks I agree. I recently took a how to deal with problematic employees class (mandatory for all department heads to attend). Funny thing is the info I got out of that class was exactly, and I...
Tuesday: Back, shoulders and core Wednesday: Arms and core Today: It hurts to shift my car... Oh and cardio
Where is the fire him because he's a jackass option?   The test is flawed.
I am a little skeptical,  I'll let you know what I think when it's over. It's emotional intelligence based on Daniel Goleman's book titled Emotional Intelligence. We shall see how it turns out.
I'm with Benja... she makes that sound so nice haha. The buzz part, not the sunshine and rainbows part.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gA8z3Yk3wWc&sns=em  Maybe we should all try to ween off coffee as Monkey King suggested and try the half-caf...
Monday 3/4 I'm taking a class on emotional intelligence... kinda psyched about it.
It looks like it's made of cheesecloth.
Haha. Nah, he has nothing on me. Besides Enfpleasantly has it covered. If I felt I needed to step in I would. I've only actually had to step in once or twice and that was after repeated attempts by...
58551
This thread reminds me of this haha..  http://gifsoup.com/imager.php?id=1010269&t=o
I always enjoy coming to the gym right after the first of the year... kinda reminds me of when I was in college, you know when everyone would show up... for the first week or two before they quit.
I like them, I guess, but only certain styles in certain areas on certain people. I tend to see them as a great way to limit your career. I don't necessarily agree that this should be the case, but...
I am having a hard time with this... as ENTJ's passive aggresiveness isn't our MO.
Congratulations The King Of Dreams. That's quite an accomplishment.'"


41: 'Hello!  I am working on a presentation by type.  Part of each presentation is feedback from a range of people of the type being reviewed.  I would greatly appreciate it if you could take a few...
Mmmm...hmmmm.  Well, irritants:    People who bitch about everything.  Suck it up folks, live and learn or get out of the way.  When I can hear someone chew thier food.  That I am never sure if...
I like to read and generally have 4-5 books going at once.  Planning...I plan trips months in advance and like to hone my spreadsheeted plan for fun :)  I also like to hike and be outside doing...
Um, Hilter for sure.  And this lady I work with that everyone hates, we just did a workshop and she came up as my type...nice.
Sweating :frustrating:  It is 95 degrees (F) out and we have no a/c nor windows that open in our office.  My office is currently a blamy 89!  I swear if one more person wants to have a closed door...
If I think about it too long, it can really freak me out.  But I tend to be more of the buck up, germs make you stronger school.  Cleanliness, I want it to sparkle, but I don't want to be the...
Or have said to yourself, after passing with the highest grade in the class, I can't believe I just faked my way though another one!  I have never once studied for a test in my life and I have...
Well, thank goodness it's not just me! Did you notice, with the exception of DearSig that it was mostly the men that said they are good at it...so I wonder if they truly are better at navigation or...
I wonder if it's because everyone is constantly trying to relay directions to me based on landmarks and where people used to live...
What difference I see is:  Alpha role in work = leading to solve the problem  Alpha role in social situations = leading to make everyone happy and having fun  ...possibly.  For me, at least...
1. The speaking to a large amount of people (30 vs 300) is also very difficult for me.  2. I am super impatient and this isn't good for parenting...or anything else.   3. Weakness 2 leads me to...
I try to be a more green person but tend to agree with a some of the folks on here that a lot of the hoopla is just hype (global warming, melting icebergs, etc).  You just can't believe anything...
Do any other ENTJs have a hard time navigating without a map?  I can get there find if I have a map an know I have to be the navigator, but otherwise, I am terrible about finding my way around a...
I have to confess that I really have a deep love of lists...check lists, to-do lists, shopping lists.  I feel like writing these things down frees up space in my mind...usually to think up another...
When there is a crisis at hand or I have a very long list of things to do.  If it get very bored, I can't concentrate and usually end up going in circles.
Oooo, if you only knew!  Right now I have pinned up on my board:  1. What are our standards? 2. Who is holding staff accountable to them? 3. Make the people fit the process, not vice versa  ...
Maybe...maybe not...I purposely didn't go with the whole lion eating a gazelle thing because I wanted to do something different.    I have noticed a little bit of some of the kitty/brain/free...
Fieldmarshall would be what I would pick for my ENTJ-ness.  I am always trying to move things along (come on people, pick up the pace, can I get a sense of urgency around here)  Oddly enough, when...
I want this on a plaque or a t-shirt or lil pillow or something...this is my new favorite quote.:crazy:
What are your areas of interest?   Making things more efficient...my dream job would be a professional organizer or life coach.  That is why I loved being an Admin Asst because basically you organize...
Well I had tried to get her in person, but she has been avoiding me like the plague ever since she stole our lawn mower (I know, really, but whatever).  And I can't get her to answer the phone...so I...
And this is entirely possible...I have constant foot in mouth...but I usually know when I've done it.  I just can't place it.  I'm guessing she's either 1) irritated at my husband and projecting that...
Oh, Bowden don't be a d*ck! :crazy: Sorry, the door was open, I had to...  Otherwise, I have to say that I was trying to honor DH's wishes and not worry about...BUT, I caved and sent her an email...
Hmmm, maybe when I'm excited about something?  Not in writing though, never in writing, I'm so dry that no one can tell if I am joking or serious.
I need someone to tell me how lovely I am on a regular basis :unsure: I do not enjoy public speaking, I get huge stage fright and get so nervous I generally can't remember what I said. I hate...
This is sooo bizaare for me!  I have always had a very functional relationship with my step children's mother.  In fact, she has thanked me for helping her raise her kids as recently as January. ...
I can tend to babble and make zero sense if I am nervous...especially if I am trying to talk about something that I don't want to approach...I will absolutely come at it from the wrong end and end up...
Jinx...are we the same person?!:cool:   I have had a recurring nightmare that people were trying to get me while I was sleeping, but they couldn't get into the house, so they cut holes in my...
When Bad Decisions Happen to Good People   but it would be mostly about my 20's...the next installment would be  Happiness Isn't Something Made up for TV  ...that's what I'm learnin' now.
I took all three of her books on vacation with me...oh, it was a good choice, so funny!  Right now, I'm reading The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo by Stieg Larsson and Wives Behaving Badly, I don't...
I haven't but I really would like to.  I have a group of girlfriends that have all been friends since grade school (the newest member of the clan joined us in 6th grade!) and then there is one...
Yes and also when I am very frustrated.  The more mad I am, the more ridiculous it becomes.  I have no control over it and that just makes me more angry til I become a slimy mess :blushed:
Considering I am geographically very close to the Rockies, I support the colony theory!  I am over run with IxFxs...I just sat through yet another meeting where no one said anything until they were...
I am done, done, done!  It actually took me sitting down last night while Mr. ESFP unpacked the wall decor (instead of the dishes still sitting in a box in the kitchen).  I hammered them out rather...
Right now, it's full of boxes since we moved on Sunday. Grrr, I'm getting a headache from all the chaos! I don't like a lot of knicknacks because I hate to dust! However my ESFP husband hung up a...
I strive for cute...makes me feel less bad when I'm bitchy.
It's Wednesday, breakfast burrito day!  And I was late for work...so when I got here...fresh chorizo, potato & cheese burrito on my desk.  Yes...some days it rocks being the boss.
I got a promise for a massage tonight...even better it was a text so I have it in writing!
You know, I never really thought about it, but...my favorite things in the world are hiking, camping and going to the lake.  I am not really an outdoorsy girl, it messes up my nails you know:tongue:...
Hehe...I like routines because they are like little lists I can check off in my head :tongue: and checking things off lists is my favorite!
That is exactly what happened with my letter folding job. Hard to believe that it could be done wrong, but I was so bored, I found a way!     BINGO! We have been evaluating the clinics so we...
Oooo, that is too funny! I shop in patterns, too...when I set out I have a definite start and finish with all of the in between mapped out.  Even if I am only browsing.    I also  *do laundry...
I live in Western Nebraska currently...do I like it...it's okay.  It's very flat and not a lot of trees.  However, it is 3 hours from the Denver area which is good and the healthcare industry pays...
Too funny, I hire someone to clean my house, my car, mow my yard, etc.  I don't do that myself either, when I can afford it of course.  I find that I spend so much time trying to de-clutter that I...
I have been working on a very engaging project for the last month, reviewing the efficiency of the process flow in our clinical locations. Love it!  However, there is no real deadline for our...
I love the idea of a list of activities for people to choose from!  I make up menu plans and put them on the fridge and let the kids pick from that list, so they don't feel like the are on a...
[quote=TurranMC;425906]Fight fight fight fight!  The ENTJ forum is so amusing. Everyone here hates on each other so much it's hilarious. quote]   It's not fighting, it's active debate!  ...
Not really...other than I can remember while everyone else wanted to be rich and famous, I just wanted a normal (aka organized and tidy) life!  My mom is an INFP.
I agree.  I like a man who will come over and fix things.  Don't have soft girlie hands.  Smell good always.  But that's just me!  Otherwise, have varied interests, don't make fun of her planning...
The Pekingese dog was originally bred to keep Chinese emperors warm...they were carried around in the large sleeves of thier robes like little heaters.  Most Native American cultures are...'"


48: 'No. If you neglect them, your finances will always be burning on the back of every decision you make, will start to influence your friendships and warp your perceptions of other people and their...
Comment: I gotta say Mr penguin, I don't really identify with anything you say or how you express it at all.  Specifically:  - Fixation on how you're perceived vs How You Really Are This is...
Aaahhmahghash  sweetmay73 here's the thing: I understand shyness and insecurity and the need for attention or whatever, but I can infer from the fact that you write in wholly formed sentences (and...
Nahhhhhhh don't do that, I love busting my gut and making a fuss over a woman. The fact that it's not necessary is kinda the point -- in the same way music and colour and dress are also not strictly...
That humans will seek patterns, even if all evidence points to nothing, and will attach faults and misfortunes to blatantly ridiculous belief frameworks (see for example, religion) is nothing unique...
It's not dishonest because women are not retarded and understand the limitations and trawling realities of the internet just as well as you do.  But man, come on-   What you should have wrote,...
Facile - Appearing neat and comprehensive by ignoring the complexities of an issue
Monkey King - Try this as a basis: humans are innately hierarchical (as opposed to say solitary or herd like). There are exceptions of hermits and degrees of isolation, but these are outlying cases...
CCCXXIX - that's a bizzare chain of reasoning. You never actually say what you mean by materialism, but I think it goes almost certainly against what most people mean by the term / what a dictionary...
I knew exactly what you meant, and it's strange because type descriptions are typically written to appeal to their owners (oh it's as though I wrote that myself sort of thing). That she finds it...
Which ESFJ description says she's stupid? Can you post the link?  The way the theory rolls you can't bridge between T/F S/N, it would make for a self-contradicting personality and your brain...
dirk diggler
When... I agree with your sentiment, but it goes even further than that. I think it's legitimate to complain about things you think should be done better, if others are elected or even just given...
LeaT -- no need for apologies, debate is how we just talk 'round here - appreciate your responding.    I don't think so -- you made direct reference to how the decision process works inside the...
I think you're spot-on   Monkey King, specifically with regards to which aspects of Te/ENTJ's are materialistic, and what is just resentful projection. I want to spell things out a bit to back up the...
pneumoceptor - woah! props for carrying this so well and so far. Your persona carries the discussions really effectively. I also like how you've started referring to the sessions as doing the other...
Lady Lullaby - I just happened to pop in and skim the last few pages and listened to about 2 minutes of you discussing your parenting. You've obviously given a lot of thought to the decision to give...
I completely disagree with this. I find charm has everything to do with how in control I feel of my situation. Just these last two weeks in fact, I was teetering on the verge of a $65,000 fuckup, and...
One day little girl comes home from school, Mum, today some boy showed me his penis. Mother exclaims What?! Little girl says Yea, and it sort of reminded me of a peanut. Trying not to laugh,...
NaughyChimp Aww look at you charming me up with your gratitude! I feel so special and insightful - just wait until you hear about all about my amazing political brilliance ;)  As for educatin',...
Thing is, I identify with the idea of making my wife's and daugter's (when they come to exist) eyes roll by telling or doing dad stuff -- sounds like fun. I'd talk deliberately during a movie if it...
Sounds like you need to get out more. I understand how computers work inside and out, yet the workings of the world and history and other people blow my mind whenever I really start to think about...
MuChApArAdOx -- I gather what's being said here, but that's because I've read it in type descriptions. I put mock exasperation in my previous post to try and demonstrate why other people aren't going...
Nope, I hate people that talk during movies.  If we were getting together to enjoy each others conversation and hilarious wit, then we go to a goddam restaurant or get coffee or go have a drink. ...
But hang on, you can't blame other people for this treatment.   If I understand correctly, you present a friendly and authentic image, that neither represents your true self nor true intentions...
Not really, at least not in the sense that I think people usually mean when they say miss.  I get lonely if I haven't been interacting with people very much, but I don't typically have any...
The most important part of masculinity is not giving a toss about what others think of you, and just getting on with your life.
I'm 99% percent sure my housemate is an ISFP. When I mentioned the notion of typing a person, he replied, thanks for pigeon-holing me.  To him, attempting to peg people with certain...
ApolloNoUta Oops sorry! Not trying to attack you, that's just how I speak. Remember, I'm just a whale on the Internet, I don't actually know the first thing about you. My advice is more general...
Scientists in the beginning Apollo program knew that, strictly speaking, the classical/Newtonian model of physics is wrong (see: relativity) yet they still used it and successfully landed a spaceship...
I agree 100% Unfortunately, it also means that one has many more opportunities for exploitation, and the barrier to entry is also lower. As the MPAA is well aware, millions of honest folks...
Forgive, I've only read back a few pages but I'm going to add a different perspective.    Nope. Precisely because ENFJs command such a strong influence over so many around them, they are...
You have to break from the habits you already have which distract and lead to slacking off.  Habits go hand in hand with triggers: the area you probably use to write is also likely where you waste...
One (ha!) minor correction, though it might be an issue of language more than meaning:    I don't have any concept of a deep-seated kernel to a person, good or bad. Actions are a complex mix of...
Acknowledging that I'm bringing criticism into the ENFP, but I think this is a hopeless selfish way of thinking:     and dare I say that if you maintain these sorts of ideas unquestioningly...
Immna push this one step further.  ApolloNoUta re-read your post, and notice how you've painted your mother as basically unstable, spiteful and vindictive? She gets angry over nothing! She singles...
If you're going to go down the dictionary route, let's look for example, at the first result I get on google for 'character':    Interesting how many words it takes to try and pin down the...
Falling back on your tertiary (Te -> Se for ENTJ) when under stress is completely in line with MBTI theory. See how I worded the idea previously here.   Also see what I wrote here, applying the...
Blatantly rejecting an idea because it has some complexity and controversy is as shallow as accepting it without question.  If we take a simple definition of leadership: binding others to work...
You mean like this guy (or have I uncovered your secret identity?):   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3iOROuTuMA
There's some good advice so far, let me be a bit more specific   You've managed to hit the gritty, tough-guy-space-marine tone correctly (like the landing scene in Avatar, for example) but heres...
I think it's crap -- in the sense that it's so abstract vague that it has no actual meaning.
Fair enough.  Having a presence and being able to confront is an asset, but you have to back it up with being the best at your job first.
Try going outside more, where the event aren't scripted to proven money-spinning tropes.  Alternatively, stop watching trash and get into history. The real world is far weirder and more interesting...
And there's more too that than perhaps you think -- the more frequently your get angry, the less effective it becomes. I know a guy who's been yelling at his kids since they were 3, and now he...
I can identify with your boss and military supervisors trying to get rid of you.  Based on your attitude coming through this thread, I would never hire you.   I don't believe you're really so...
The trick to taking MBTI up a level, if you're not afraid of a bit of theory, is to stop categorising types in terms of capabilities and super-powers. These are symptoms, not the root causes, and...
LeelaWho -- I sympathise with your frustration here. That genuine compassion can be reciprocated with contempts is a fundamental flaw in the xNTJ world view.  See if you can't make more sense of...
Female and male types, it seems -- there's some in this very thread.
A lot of ENTJs have SEXY in their avatars, obviously to colour their posts with you better watch what I say cuz I'm hot stuff!!!  Those black-on-white Bond girls bending over are basically...'"


85: 'Bump
Escobar and Co.  Escobar- ENTJ Gustavo- ISTx Tata- ISFP  Valleria Velez(sp?) - ExTx Fernando Duque- ESTP   Law Enforcement  Murphy- ISTx Javier Pena- ESTP
Charles Foster Kane- ESTP Jed Leland- ISTP  Bernstein- XNTP  Susan Alexander- ISFP  Mr. Thatcher- xSFx
I always thought he was an ESTP with well developed Fe, but I could see ENxJ as well.
I always thought he was  Te dom, but upon trying to find a thread for him, I found that he's usually typed as an ENFP. However, I could not find any threads explaining it. What are your thoughts?
This. The snide remarks reminded me of xntjs and xstps, more of the former.
Matthew goode's character seemed like an ENTJ.  Dennison : ESTJ.  Joan: ENxP?
Eggsy : XSFP Harry Hart : INFJ? I could see him being an intj with well developed Fi, but infj seems to fit better.  Merlin: INTJ.  Roxy: ISxJ? Unsure about this one. Valentine : ENFP! Arthur :...
I read a few posts online about unhealthy enfjs and enfps, and I think the former fits better, except that he doesn't have emotional outbursts. This description, in particular....
Convinced him to take the test!
Persuading him to take it at the moment. 😂 Are enfjs tactful? Because he can pretty blunt, and he doesn't sugar coat things. I only know one enfj so I can't base things around him because I don't...
What's interesting is, I have an istp friend who said he judges others based on how they treat the people around them too, not just him. I wonder if it could be individual differences or fe vs fi,...
I'd get him to take that, but he doesn't like taking long tests x_x
Oh, he said he doesn't judge people based on how they treat others, but he judges them based on how they treat him alone. Is this more typical of an enfj or enfp?
Holy shit, that does sound like my friend  😂😂. One of the reasons why I doubted enfj at first is because I know a male enfj and he's very matured, and a very wise person. This friend whom this post...
He doesn't have emotional outbursts, he just does embarrassing  things in public like like talking too loudly in the train, attempting to converse with people who look like they want to be left...
One of my friends whom I  think is an enfp has a very dominant personality. The other enfps I know are actually pretty chilled out but he can be pretty controlling. Functionally, enfp seems to fit...
One of my friends whom I  think is an enfp has a very dominant personality. The other enfps I know are actually pretty chilled out but he can be pretty controlling. Functionally, enfp seems to fit...
ExTJ?  Leaning more towards estj.
And the rest of the trilogy.    Danny Ocean- ENTJ  Rusty- ESTP Linus- xNTP Touloure- ESTP  Reuben -  ESFJ
Cooper : xSTP Murph : INTx Brand : INFJ  Michael Caine : INTJ  Romilly : INTP
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6__bb1q95w&list=UUljooPShSGoS99UPDtKrxCw  Sorry for the shitty quality.
I plan to run for student council president, and right now my biggest competitor is an ESTJ. The worst part is, whoever loses the election becomes vice president, and honestly, I just don't see how...
Yea, they weren't really a top priority, I guess that's why I lacked the motivation.
hoffman : Don't derail this thread.
Ne vs Ni - I'm not too sure about this one, though I do relate to Ni more when I read descriptions. I wondered if I could be an Ne user when I said on a separate thread that I love making up...
Since I'm still a student, lecturers who excel in their field and are intellectuals. This may seem arrogant but even as a kid, I was rather dismissive of teachers who were not good at their...
Just because it is described as a feeler type at the beginning, that doesn't mean everyone who's a 3 is an Fe dom too. I rarely seek the approval of others, but I do feel pleased when my efforts are...
Yes I do. I went to the website and this part describes me very well :  4 Wing – “The Professional” (Seeking Image & Identity) May be slightly less image-conscious or project an image that is more...
I'm definitely an ENTx and I know that they don't share any functions in common, but I find that I am able to relate to bits and pieces of each function, confusing myself in the process. One of the...
Well, I may be new to this and I try to learn more about it every day, but since I am definitely NOT an Fe dom, and I definitely am a 3w4, I think it's a load of tosh.
I think I might post a different video, because I found that my speech pattern/facial expressions here didn't really match my usual ones. I was super jittery when I made this video, could this have...
I'm guessing you're yeghor from typology central? (since grehoy is an anagram of yeghor) I'm not an Fe dom, and that has been discussed numerous times on the post on typology central, and the other...
.
I posted two short videos recently, do my facial expressions/mannerisms seem more ENTP or ENTJ?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OLi0CdYsCg  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CF9ALKou9fs
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OLi0CdYsCg&feature=youtu.be   http://youtu.be/CF9ALKou9fs   So, this is my video. I'm sorry but you will need headphones for this one, as the sound quality on my...
I'm quite new to this so I'm just going to take a stab at the typings. Jesse Eisenberg's character : ENTJ Woody Harrelson's character(the mentalist): ESTP Isla Fisher's character : ISFP?  Dave...
You know your Fe is weak when you read this and wonder, Well, what's wrong with that?
Any thoughts on Dr.Chilton?
I thought I was an ENTP all along, and now I'm quite sure I'm an ENTJ. The thing is, I don't identify with certain things like being bossy as I hate to boss people around. I only take charge when I'm...
I see. I think I could be an ENTJ though, I'll read more about the cognitive functions before coming to a conclusion. Do Te doms tend to 'classify' things in their head. For example, I have some sort...
I find that I relate a bit more to Te/Fi than Ti/Fe, although I do relate to some aspects of Ti. I was watching a few videos on Youtube by a user called EJ Arendee and he was talking about how Ti...
Fuck Yeah Hannibal, Hugh âx80x9cWee Manâx80x9d Dancy [x] LOLOL
He strikes me as an SP too, my guess is ESTP, not 100% sure though.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBOM7ehvNz8   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-SCNGsUZIM   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sr-2t4mQlmE  He said he takes roles he likes without thinking about...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ReVQGLairI  He seems quite animated here.
After reading more about the functions, I think I could be an ENTJ. I tend to use Ni a lot(I'm constantly envisioning how things could be, how I could improve myself, and I tend to think of various...
An idiot I was arguing with said that there were more deaths in WW1 than WW2, and when I told him that it is untrue, and even provided links to reliable historical websites, he said that he still...
Is it true that ENTPs argue just for the heck of it? Because when I argue, I take it very seriously and I'm hellbent on proving that I am right. I also get quite angry and irritated if the person...
By the way, how accurate are the cognitive functions tests? I always get either ENTP,INTP or INTJ on those. My three most developed functions are always Ne,Ni and Ti and the three least developed...'"


132: 'We only just met. I don't know what the future has in store for me or her.  All I know is that I value and respect her, and would love to be part of her life.  I feel like she needs to be in the...
Hi!  I haven't been on here for a while.  I recently met an older ENFJ female at a bar -- I've been alternatively typed INTJ and ENTJ.  We started talking, and I found that we have quite a bit in...
I can be a jerk, but I only do so when it is absolutely necessary...
I love Depeche Mode!  David Gahan's voice is quite amazing.  I despise dubstep because it has too much mainstream appeal.  To my mind, electronic music should always be associated with the...
Yeah, that's one aspect of trance music that I really like.  Sometimes, it can sound both futuristic and pre-historic...
Thank you for your response, Samhain!  I like Bjork, even though I should familiarize myself with more of her stuff.  Trentemoller is German, right?  Lady Gaga first appeared on my radar 5 or 6...
I am curious as to how many PC members are electronic music fans.  I'm a certified junkie.  I especially like trance.  Progressive house, breakbeats, and drum n bass are other favorites.  I suspect...
You said what I wanted to hear:)
I think working as a recruiting executive for nearly six years did the trick...
Gandalf_, I like to think that I'm pretty in tune with other people's emotions.  Over the last few years, I have worked very hard at becoming more empathetic, and as a result, my dealings with people...
According to my research, ENTJ's are most compatible with ENFP's, INFP's, ENTJ's and INTJ's.  More than anything, I want a woman who is emotionally balanced, intelligent, hard working, honest,...
Guten Tag!  Which city do you live in?  I have a friend who lives in Ghent...
Dear female ENFJ's,  What is your favorite MBTI type(s) to date and why?  From a flabbergasted ENTJ...
Was it good?
My situation is the exact opposite of yours.  I'm an ENTJ male who is romantically interested in an ENFJ female friend.  I've known her for a little over a year.  We talk on the phone a lot, text,...
Something by Gym Class Heroes on the radio...
Are ENFJ's known to be indecisive?
Good stuff, man!  Are you a poet?
I was in the same room as Mr. Tyson once five years ago at the New York Academy of Sciences in lower Manhattan.  I didn't get to introduce myself to him because he was mobbed by a number of...
As a kid, I made three major moves with my family.  I anticipate making my fourth major move within the next twelve months, and this time it will be for work...
Can ENFJ's be contradictory also?
For me, routine serves the purpose of giving my life a degree of predictability.  As far as changing places and friends is concerned, I've done that three times over the course of my life, and I...
Bonjour, Alain et bienvenue!  Je m'appelle Samuel.  Enchante de faire votre connaissance!  Je fais partie de ce forum depuis presqu'un mois.  J'habite aux Etats-Unis, et malheureusement, les casiers...
What does executating mean?
Fashion has never really been a problem for me.  I grew up with an older sister who loved to spoil me with nice clothes.  In my early 20's, I was advised at a clothing store that form-fitting attire...
I can totally relate.  If there is one thing I hate, it is when unhappy people seem to just want to dwell on their misfortune and get stuck in a rut.  I'm all about rising above and conquering...
I am an ENTJ male, and I can definitely relate to your Dad.  I have a lady friend who is an ENFJ female.  We have a bit in common...
Great spirits have often encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. Albert Einstein
Iloveporno
Welcome, Archip!  I've been a member here for exactly three weeks, so feelings of what it's like to be a newbie are still very fresh in my mind.  So far, I've really enjoyed my time here!  Come to...
You know that you are an intuitive when, even in the face of extreme stress over an extended period of time, you have yet to succumb to a nervous breakdown...  You know that you are intuitive when...
You think that the God of Christianity either suffers from multiple personality disorder or is a seven-headed monster...
I try to stay away from the touristy areas.  I'm not one for paying $4 for a soda while on Disney property...
Part of the reason I prefer Tampa/St.Pete over Orlando is that you get true feeling of community out there.  Also, unlike Orlando, a lot of businesses are locally-owned.  And most importantly, the...
Thanks!  St. Petersburg/Clearwater is cool.  Orlando sucks.  I'm getting the hell out as soon as possible...
Hello, everyone!  I really should have done this about three weeks ago when I first became a member.  My real name is Samuel; my friends call me Sam.  I'm a 30 year-old ENTJ residing in the Greater...
Based on my research, it appears that a male ENTJ/female ENFJ combination works best because it is consistent with the societal norm of a man being dominant and the woman being more submissive.  I am...
Thanks, MelanieM!!  I have a lady friend who is an ENFJ.  She's very smart, beautiful, and loyal.  At this point, I'd like to take upgrade the friendship.  What are your thoughts?
Vanitas  I have been talking to a female ENFJ for the past year or so.  She's an attorney with a very busy work and conference schedule.  She comes across as somewhat needy emotionally, but I like...
When I first took the Myers-Briggs personality assessment 8 or 9 years ago while in college, I was labeled an INTJ.  I took the assessment again recently, and it seems that now I am an ENTJ.  For a...
Does any one out there know what personality type is the best match for an ENTJ male, generally speaking?
Hi, everyone!  I'm new to Personality Cafe, and I think I'm going to like it here!  I am an ENTJ male, and I have the same issues with clingy/needy women.  I'm extremely career-focused.  For the last...'"


242: 'I'm very focused on morals also, and I dislike conflict, but I'm most definitely an ENTJ. She might just not be so stereotypical!
I'm scared of failure, but also throwing up...take that for what you will.
I'm an ENTJ, and I've always been torn between slytherin and gryffindor-although they are 2 sides of the same coin. I would say I'm slytherin though-cunning, straight-forward, and annoyingly...
I'm terrible at remembering people's names! Like, really terrible!
I would say Chris Colfer. He was severely bullied in high school, and stayed strong because he knew he was better than those who made fun of him. He went on to get a part written for him on a hit TV...
Something that always makes me admire a person and feel the need to know them better is complete honesty. Like, if someone walked up to me and told me everything they loved, for example, and every...
Personally, I could quite happily spend an evening on my own; just chilling out and watching TV, etc.  Boredom is never that big of a problem. However, if I ever have to spend the day on my own,...
I rarely cry through sadness anyway; it's very rare that will happen. I mostly cry when I'm angry. If that is the case I'll exclude myself from other people; it makes other people uncomfortable, so...
I'm much better at talking to a crowd that to a smaller group of people. I actually love talking to large groups; I feel empowered!
This is absolutely fantastic and so useful-thankyou so much!
I agree! Some of us (especially me! :S) also like to be the center of attention! (I think a pineapple is very attention-grabbing...in the fruit-world at least!)
This may have been done before; if so, we can try it again! I was wondering if certain personality types are more likely to be religious than others; are you religious? I am an ENTJ and I am...
I'm not sure about my functions, but generally; At my best... I'm happy, optimistic, confident (that's a big one for me!) At my worst... I'm closed off, grumpy, pessimistic and snappy
I see someone on another planet looking at the earth from close up...difficult one though!
When you get infuriated in group projects because nobody is taking charge as well as you could...
I just find it really interesting...I don't believe in it, but I just find it intriguing-I honestly couldn't explain why!
Haahaa, I didn't actually write shellfish, I wrote selfish, but you're right, we are not shellfish
We are not as selfish and stubborn as we are portrayed to be!
I talk about my plans to other people as I'm always organising and trying to get everything as efficient as possible, and telling someone my plans out loud help me to do that!
ENTJs normally-same as me!
I'm an ENTJ and I'm not small small, like you wouldn't look at me and think you're so small! But I have always been one of the smallest in my year at school, etc. It's an interesting theory that I'm...
I'm the same! Most of my friends (I'm mostly friends with introverts) love to collect things and won't throw anything away, whilst I'm really not sentimental about things and like as little clutter...
Klaine honestly save the show for me-Ryan Murphy just doesn't seem to care about what the fans want anymore!
I'm a female ENTJ, and I am so obsessed with the paranormal; I go on ghost tours and the whole shabang!
I see love as personal gain, but I would choose lover over PG!
Arrested Development and Curb your Enthusiasm are HILARIOUS!
I'll try not to sound like a creep too much here! Generally, I just follow all their works, watch every interview, talk about them endlessly to people who do not care, stuff like that!
When I like something I become obsessed very easily. It can range from a person (especially celebrities!) to food to a TV programme! I think it ties in with an ENTJ personality type because...
For books, I really like action and dystopia; sort of futuristic worlds and survival. For films I'm quite strange. I love horror and psychological thrillers-I love being scared-but I also like chick...
It's basically the first found footage horror film. It's about these people who film a documentary in the woods about the blair witch myth. Anyway they got lost and stuff and the witch, although we...
So I watched the Blair Witch Project for the first time today.  It's a really great film and it definitely deserves the recognition it gets. However, it's nowhere near as scary (in my opinion) as...
Winnie the Pooh's Hefelump movie and Happy Feet. Yep. I'm weird. The Hunger Games too, but that was because I was a huge fan of the books and I had been waiting for the movie for years!
Under the Sea-The Little Mermaid is my favourite without a doubt. It made me want to be a mermaid so bad! Others I like- Hakuna Matata-The Lion King He's A Pirate-Pirates of the Caribbean Honour...
I'm currently watching Nanny McPhee on TV, but I have just watched The Blair Witch Project for the first time; an incredible film, but it seems to have impacted me psychologically! :S They're both...
1. The Hunger Games-my absolute favourite movie of all time. It provides an extremely insightful commentary into humanity's obsession with reality TV and war, and our love of other people's pain. 2....
Unfortunately mine is neither clever, nor interesting. My username is a combination of two of my names, thus it is easy to remember. My signature is a result of needing a signature and not having a...
I have never felt the need to do drugs-I'm even teetotal, and I've never smoked a cigarette. I feel I am strong enough to cope without any of these mechanisms.
Sometimes I just power through it and ignore it; better to just sweat it out! Otherwise I'll watch something funny to take my mind off of it and binge! I also like to be in a dark room and sleep a...
Hi there! I'm really into Glee. Like, a lot. And I was wondering if there were any Gleeks out there who wanted to discuss the show. My OTP is Klaine if anyone wants to talk about that too! :happy:
The Hunger Games. Without a doubt. I'm going to be cheeky and say that my second favourite is Cabin in the Woods and my third is The Shining. They're not exactly cheery....
This is really interesting-not a single Hufflepuff so far! I always thought it would be mostly Gryffindor and Slytherin (because they are so alike), as having natural leadership abilities could be...
This is definitely me! Especially the bit about society telling ENTJ females to be more feminine; I'm pretty girly, but I always took charge over the boys at school and many of the girls thought this...
Thankyou very much! Yes, I think clashing of powers can be common-I'd love to friend you though! :)
I'm an ENTJ and I'm an athiest. I have absolutely nothing against any religion, but I just believe that science did everything, not a higher power. I really like buddhist's ideas though, not in a...
Deal fully with something before moving on to the next so you don't have to go back to it again-if that makes sense!
ENTJs are pretty ruthless-we'd probably have no qualms with killing some zombies!
Thanks! :proud: Why not! Gosh, y'all are spoiling me :blushed:
Count me in-love the phrase internet generation...
Well, I've always wanted a twin!
No, thankYOU! I was a little surprised when I read some of the stereotypical qualities of an ENTJ, as, although I relate very strongly to it, I knew I wasn't a monster!!'"


286: 'Hi ! There is some material in your answer to speculate about your cognitive functions, so, great, I'm going to stop here !    Definitely sounds like an introverted attitude to me; especially Fi....
I maintain my opinion of TJ, but, really, you're free to believe anything you like. I think you would benefit greatly from studying the functions over the profiles and typical behaviour associated...
Hi,   I'm really not understanding why people here have pointed you towards TP preferences. To me, you sound more like a ESTJ. (Which places on the Te - Fi axis); I would like to make a case for...
It sounds like Te dominant to me ; you do seem to be needing (Te's cognitive needs) some logical external structure to apply systematically so as to make your decisions in the most effective way....
I think the alternatives are too telling of which functions one may be using, and this is because the test is mostly based on stereotyped, typical, regular behaviour, assuming people use their two...
Just a few thoughts : Both Ne and Se are extraverted functions that look to interact with the many possibilities of the world. They both are focussed on the multiplicity of choices that are at hand....
CrownClown  Let go of typing yourself by behaviour, and focus more on what the cognitive function needs, and push you, personally, to do. A lot of the stereotyping and traits are aimed at figuring...
Prada I do not agree on the purpose of MBTI, or at least, I see it has a bigger application potential rather than just putting people behind behaviour, stereotypes and classifying; I do agree on the...
My intuition was ISTJ, so I concurr. Here's what I'll add : you seem to have a better handle at the Te-Fi dynamics, and handling the tertiary is easier. I'm thinking you're more or less in touch...
Yes. (Not so tricky, that was an onpoint analysis of the matter 8D)  And it takes some work to pick up all the pieces and articulate them in a precise, clear order so as to convey this famous gut...
(1) The duality you express in your personality reveals the main conflict in your two four functions (judging ones). It shows evidence of a Ti-Fe dynamic, a desire to keep yourself detached from the...
This thread puts the accent on controlling behaviours which isn't telling us much about why you need to control things, exactly. This could be an unhealthy behaviour of Fi being in the grip. Needing...
INFP, too. I can elaborate if you need :)
ESTP too;  You display a quick reaction to your environment(Se) and envision possibilities and probabilities (Ti's realm) of what you need to do right now with what's going on in the car (during...
Hello hello :) Welcome to PerC :D I also did a lot of lurking before actually plunging into this forum :) Hope you find some info that satisfied your curiositiy here :)  Judging functions : First...
I'm picking up some Si-Ne in your thread (it reflects in your narration, more than in the content, and to me, that's more showing when it comes to cognitive functions) so I wouldn't personally go...
compulsiverambler  Interesting how you correlate being reserved with intellect , or rather giving off the impression of being more intellectual. (I understand you're not stating it as a fact, but...
gambino    Having a higher Thinking function does not mean you're not ready to share your feelings and you're suddenly being a machine. You haven't understood the difference between cognitives...
gambino I realy wonder why nobody has yet answered this post, it's been here for a few days already :/ I'll give you my opinion, and maybe it'll start from there :)  You're displaying here,...
purpleviolet   You do give me food for thought as the post go by, I really enjoy this. My Ne's all gone doubting now (and sent me back to a more careful reading of your posts.) I will admit that I...
So, this is what happened in your last thread. I told you ISTJ, which somehow got interpreted along the way in your head and reminded you of an ISTJ, upon which you have place a Good/Bad...
You've given yourself your own piece of advice. Perhaps if she complains that you're not paying attention to all the things she does means that she actually needs to be validated. Put yourself in her...
Ti-Fe / Fe - Ti dynamics perceives others that put their preferences in the forefront (usualy, Te-Fi/FI-Te) as selfish, whereas they're not as focussed as them on keeping overall harmony (this is how...
There is here absolutely zero information about your cognitive reasoning, and how you come to make decisions (Judging functions - T and F), neither how you collect the data to make those decisions...
1) Fi and Te at work, more likely in that cognitive order. This is where I find the clues.  - 10 : Fi is internal, likes to keep its own quirks private to oneself.  - 6 : Taking an action that you...
Focus on the reasons of your judgements in all these situations.    How can you tell you like them or not ? To like a person may happen based on many reasons. According to MBTI, they're rooted in...
Don't focus too much on your behaviour ; MBTI isn't about behaviour, it's more about how you reasoning and how you come to make decisions. What you're basically doing here, is presenting... the...
Without a well thoughtout list and idea of exactly what I need, I'll just end up buying things that strike my fancy (like, oh , I like that and I could want this or perhaps I could do this and, oh,...
You're making sense when exposing your use of Fi/Te, but I'm still not entirely convinced. You don't seem to look at how functions work together (Perceiving-Judging), and you don't seem to really...
The question isn't really about whether your shouldor shouldn't type people, but more like is it necessary to do so, or what purpose is this serving ?. Honestly, it can range from seeing this as...
1. Ti > Fe 2. Ti > Fe (Lower Fe wants to be reaffirmed and to be looked at, validated ; it craves being part of the group, while your supposedly higher Ti cognitive function needs detachment and...
Many things can annoy an INTP. These are my trouble spots.  Oversimplification of problems at hand, after you've explained something in a very intricate, refined way.  Being pressured to make a...
MBTI, ways to improve my understanding of the world ; several languages ; improving skills of all sorts such as being more creative.
I would love them to be free, but I can't help but think about the people who actually wrote those books, took time, earned a right to make a living by writing while others were also working and...
When you're simultaneously annoyed by behaviour aimed at fitting in, while you can't help it but unconsciously seek to fit in yourself.
You're confusing behaviour and motives. MBTI theory isn't about your behaviour, but the how you come to such and such behaviour. People can be dreamy for several reasons, people may like many...
To be short, you're making it a lot more about your behaviour than about your cognitive needs, cognitive process decision-making process that leads to a given perception of the world. You're not...
- I hate tradition. But like, education passed-on kind of tradition. I've disliked it for a while - always kind of rebelled against it. - I don't really want a family to nurture, I'm rather personal...
Although there was this other ISFJ alternative that kept nagging me, which I enquired a little more on funkymbtifiction again (And there's a lot of information on that, on loops and hyperactive...
I took the test on a sticky note, up this section (The Scenario thing). It did help. I've also pondered a lot upon what Te is actually doing, and done some more reading on what it is doing in...
A very insightful and creative way of putting it like it is. This truly resonated with me. Thank your for sharing your insights.
Much food for thoughts, again! (And there goes another Sunday afternoon spent on researching.) I went back into the Enneagramm theory as well, as a complementary way to explain the complexity of it...
Mmhmh.  I still don't know, I have a hard time knowing for sure by comparing examples with people. I've already profusely read on CelebrityType, but I can't seem to get much satisfaction from it. I...
Hello :)  I've  alternatively typed myself as an ENTP, then ENFP. I've come to believe that I am an Ne-Dom, without a doubt. What I am still questionning, is whether I am an Fi, or Ti user, which...
Okay, thank you :)  I will dig a little more about the FeSe Loop, and how to better access Ni :)  Thank you very much :)
Hi :) Sorry I was abroad and did not have access to the Internet :)  @Xyra : You last post seemed unfinished, that was troubling, you seem to know a lot about typing people; why did you just stop...
@masamune1 : Yes, that's it, it's the intention. If I was to describe it, I'd say it is a foundation for my future. I wouldn't say I vizualize compulsively who I am going to be, but I navigate...
Eggsies : Alright, well, maybe perhaps you could describe how you feel the functions work together so I'd understand better ? I've read profusely about the functions and how they're supposed to work...
Radu: I actually took the test several times, but I didn't find the results to be consistent so I decided to use the functions to be more precise, and actually deepen my perception of the system :) ...
Hi :)   So, I've been trying to type myself for a while now. I wondered if you could give me a hand? I know now I use Fe as a dominant function, and I know I use Ti as my minor function, this for...'"


290: 'Thank God i'm Muslim , and i'm not in anyway thinking of denying the presence of The One and Only god   I saw miracles that happened to me and around me , and I hope my belief will increase in the...
Can someone master all the letters? i.e. become IENSTFPJ , were he/she is able to use all the functions wherever it's fit ?   Becoming aware of his least working functions and work consciously to...
Trust me on this .. They will destroy the world   Thank god they are rare .. it's so wise
Your score is 8, out of 40. Higher scores indicate greater levels of narcissism  It took me less than 10 years to decrease my score :tongue:   It might be in accurate since i'm stressed out...
I will tell my story since today i had received a text from my mentor about an international achievement that i have made   I have studied medicine in Trinity College Dublin and qualified. It...
I know an ENTJ/ENFP couple, trust me on this, it's gonna be WILD af   You'll drive each other crazy, ENTJ are demanding and take the relationship a bit serious, ENFP are playful and full of joy...
jealousy
I would say ENTJ are good at whatever interest them, specially if it involves improvisation
I can partially conclude - since the sample is not big enough - that the assumptions were wrong;   NT women aren't more seductive and charming than other types
Thanks for sharing   I played that game around 1 year ago   The cube was massive and on the ground, However transparent, clear and shinny, you can almost see through it: this is me high ego and...
I haven't dealt with women a lot in real life except for relationship (short/long) or superficial work. It's extremely hard for me to try and figure out women's type, even the simplest traits (...
simply, don't give a shit.   The more they disrespect u the more you should disrespect them and show them that they mean nothing.   If they said something right it's excellent for you to give u...
I remember scoring high in that test. However, i think i only developed this intelligence when i was under extreme stress for a good while ( around 2 years ) which made me more introverted, observant...
Wow, I can see your emotions in the thread. It must have been very hard.  Trust me on this, it will not happen in few days or even few weeks, you will need TIME, and it depends on how serious it...
As an ENTJs one of the things that keeps us going and focused is a Long range goals.  This makes us motivated, busy, occupied by something fruitful and proud. Feed your ambitions even if it's a...
http://personalitycafe.com/esfj-forum-caregivers/59992-why-do-people-dislike-esfjs.html  This answered my question
When Ni complicatedly explained it becomes very hard to understand since it's by its own right is  complicated    I think most of us understand it well, but we have different explanation.
Ni needs to be fed by information before it formulates its conclusion, don't expect it to work correctly if it doesn't have enough information, this is why it needs Fe or Te to work in a more...
I guess Ni is hidden for someone who doesn't use it as primary or auxiliary function , I can clearly see it in INTJ, INFJ , ENFJ and ENTJ. When they are scanning, analyzing, formulating conclusion...
My god we always look like we're fighting for fellow Feelers when we are only having a normal conversation. This dilemma will go forever, is it us too insensitive or they are very sensitive !  ...
Te is not only meant to translate your perceptions, It's meant to keep it in check as well. your perception might be wrong and Ni might also take so much time and effort of you to get and organize...
You love pressing buttons, just beware of the red ones, people know yours but not interested in them, if you press theirs be ready to have yours activated ( i.e. Hated )   A healthy ENFP is really...
A well developed or seeking development ENTJ & INFP will be perfect for each other. INFP are just fabulous females for an ENTJ. They do admire our ambition and organized behavior. also they are...
Nothing is clingy to me, i can draw myself in a very good way without the person noticing that he's really clingy, because i believe everyone could be clingy at a time but once you have this feeling...
I have a co-worker who is an ESFJ , we didn't get a long from the start and some vague situations happened that frustrated both of us due to our actions. However i admired some of his talents and...
I travel a lot, and by saying a lot .. it is '' A LOT '' , it's one of my hobbies and i actually enjoy every aspect; relaxing on a beach, tours, attractions, shopping ; local, brands and souvenirs,...
Narcissistic Trait Strength of Trait   Authority: 7.00 http://g.psychcentral.com/redblock.gif   Self-Sufficiency: 3.00 http://g.psychcentral.com/blueblock.gif
Exactly , This is why we are efficient, we are open-minded we don't believe we are gods, we need people to help us, we can't know or do everything alone, we believe every type has something to teach...
Hi There INTJs , I'm an ENTJ and our primary function is Te and the secondary one is Introverted Intuition which is your primary. I have a question , How can we use the introverted function ?   Is...
Indeed , I used to think the same , everyone is unique and has something to learn and something to teach . people shouldn't be extremely interesting in order for you to connect with them , and...
Hi there Dreamers , I'm kinda between ENTJ & ESTJ personality , In  any case in both of them the introverted Feeling's function SUCKS , and i  know for sure that it sucks in me too .   I was...
Hi there Artists , I'm kinda between ENTJ & ESTJ personality , In any case in both of them the introverted Feeling's function SUCKS , and i know for sure that it sucks in me too .   I was wondering...
ENTJ are very nice and they'll make a good boyfriend if u understand them . so go for it if you are interested in him . you won't be the loser .
My Fi doesn't suck at all , i always feel that the feelings of other people is important because i'm a doctors
i did enjoy it , but now i'm more focused on more important aspects
Thank u very much toshiro , it became clear now
could u give us few examples from real life , please ?
I was reading about how to develop ENTJ personality and i came across this thing  Introverted Intuition '' , I didn't really understand it fully .  could someone please explain it and give us few...
I was reading about how to develop ENTJ personality and i came across this thing  Introverted Intuition '' , I didn't really understand it fully .  could someone please explain it and give us few...
one thing u shd know about us .. when we break up , we don't look back
The highlighted sentence is great :happy:  I was reading a bit about the ENTJ , They say what makes us lovable is our logic , not being so nice and pleasing , I think it's true !
I don't think i need to express my love to everybody i like , It might be used against me , besides i only show -those who are really dear to me- my love by many ways other than saying the word  I...
Many of the ENTJ has a wide circle of friends , As an ENTJ i can hardly express my love for others , but i'm a professional in expressing appreciation , specially for those who deserve it . ENTJ has...
serious jokes make me laugh :proud:
I broke up with my first true love 2 months ago , we got married for around 2 years, I thought about it this way to get over it quickly :  1- Life is to short to keep worrying about the past and...
I'll cut to the chase   I'm SO bad at emotions , can't express them correctly   I feel them deeply , but i really don't know how to express them :confused:   I feel like : I'll be judged , get...
you know what , I didn't bully much , you might say it was just childish play , but to be honest ; when i stopped this childish play i started to be bullied against !!  sometimes i think i must...
Thanks guys for sharing  Lesson : Try not to be control freak and be completely  OK  about it :happy:
How can someone control his anger ? I know it's a reaction that's more destructive than helpful   When we get angry or frustrated , we lose !   But it's a reaction , If we hide it , it might be...
How does the ENTJ usually react when he's not in control of his surrounding in social situations ?   Usually i get frustrated , angry , low mood , wish i'm not here ! Tend to leave if i lost more...'"


389: 'Thank you, that wasn't what I was confused about but I got it all worked out anyways  Oddly enough I'd had a total random confusion with 6 and 7 (odd because they are so vastly different and I...
Last part of your question. This is why I like you. I do believe I was before but not anymore now that I'm back in a good place (BTW If I post you my @ will it be available to everyone until I edit...
Lol, Okay- I major in law (early admit yes at 17 - smirks and winks- n.b this was before my crisis rn I'm getting the lowest marks possible to get a B and tbh it is fucking shitting me but I digress...
I agree with everything minus debates seriously because tbh if I don't have a strong opinion on it I will not care for a debate at all- I'll tease and playfully mock how invested the other person is...
Lol, that last one made me laugh tbh Do people actually say that to you? I'm giggling rn lol- I would just burst out laughing if someone called me out for using big words - do you go to a public...
Hey. Thanks  (I genuinely mean it without sarcasm) That was nice of you to be courteous and mediate but I won't modify the posts because I don't really intend to be a super active (or active at all...
Okay, thanks anyways! I had typed out my response before refreshing the page
lmao, but I also love a lot as well mate
MsBossyPants Allow me to not waste your time and try to make a concrete case with my semi scattered thoughts hence why I list) for this purpose of accuracy I will attempt to disguard all sterotypes...
Could you help me with something?  I'm confused as to the difference between some of the enneagram types in a non offensive way.  Like I've always scored so lowly on the type 6 in virtually every...
Type 1    Orderliness 




| 66% Type 2 Helpfulness 


| 34% Type 3 Image Focus
I love this test and I agree that it is quite interesting, I think it is one of the more accurate types
1. Before you came to this 'ere site - Were you happy with your life? Did you think you were happy, but on reflection, probably weren't? Where would you be now if you hadn't discovered MBTI?  I was...
lol, I LOVE THIS
OO aha, these are intense- I feel like I would laugh at these but I usually only say snarky comments when I'm annoyed or if they slip out without me paying attention -I usually try to care about...
This is true
Lol, I relate to the talking a lot of shit part when annoyed lol-idek what I say when I'm pissed off just that people are usually shocked  You and your friends sound interesting though! If you...
That's quite interesting, honestly the rebellious part- I personally seem to find that, lots of threads describe ENTJs as a bit reckless but I don't really see it- my mom and I are both the same...
I personally hate:  Wasting time, or if someone is wasting my time Pettiness (waste someone else's time with your small mindedness) When I realise I start critising too much Stress (there is...
I wouldn't think highly of you; if I could be bothered to think of you at all . Whatever you feel/think I really don't give a shit so let it go because I have no time, or desire to waste MY time...
I even broke it down for you so you could try to read it all in one go hun xx ;)   All of this, was a waste of MY time but it spells out clearly that you can piss yourself for all I care love. Now,...
Look, it's obvious you have no life, but I'm done. I dismissed you and I'm not /cannot read your posts so why bother? I wouldn't think highly of you; if I could be bothered to think of you at all...
Seriously, it's pathetic at least save face after being dismissed and ignored. I do not know and I do not care about you or what you had to say. I've written you off as incompetent amongst other...
Chesire Tower You are pathetic and the messages won't show from you since you got blocked and dismissed. You look retarded replying when blocked. Be gone.
Yes, it is longer but the questions also are worded better and the listings aren't so sterotypical, I just honestly found it rubbish but different folks have different strokes so there's always that...
aha, did you win? A good fight is decent sometimes to clear the air and let people know not to mess with you
aha, did you win? A good fight is decent sometimes to clear the air and let people know not to mess with you
xx

actually decent ones I can link
lol cute �� ( I also can see how original and articulate you are by copying my line of dismissal as an insult)  Bye and good riddance love, you're not worth replying to after this but thanks for the...
[QUOTE=Chesire Tower;36918562].[/QUO lol cute �� ( I also can see how original and articulate you are by copying my line of dismissal as an insult) Bye and good riddance love, you're not worth...
um this is legitmately the sweetest and cutest thing ever like> you> are so precious
I actually really like this description tbh, it looks like (from the limited replies lol) in general we are friendly to an extent in a superficial manner, a courteous and civil sort of friendly...
IF THIS ISNT ME IDEK WHAT IS lol  Also though, sex and food lol and yess I've been told I'm friendly but I would say to myself friendly in a superficial sort of way, I mean I'm friendly enough but...
Um, excuse me but I did not devalue anyone else's opinion by stating mine (why should someone's opinion be so unrooted that it is swayed by the contrary approach of others?) and as for so did a lot...
To be frank, this was by far the most basic and painfully inaccurate and obvious test ever created. I do not understand and am quite frankly bemused at some of the responses of positive feedback, and...
I'm pretty sure this would freak me out and I would end up not enjoying it all, or end up compulsively making a list on the way to the airport, plus where I live isn't large enough to travel like...
Hey, I'm new here and I was wondering Do you think that ENTJs in general are more open or reserved, I feel like I fluctuate and even some of my closest friends can't ever fully read what I'm...
Hi, lol I'm new as well and I have a clue why I joined and now I'm floating around viewing things
BTW my actualy tritype is 8-3-7 but I also get 3-8-7 quite a lot but despite the 7 aspect being the last it is always pretty much one of the first things people notice and one of the first ones I...
I honestly think this said it best, I thought this test was rubbish tbh
I honestly think that the best way to find your tritype and the most sensible way is to take several at least ten enneagram tests and then look at the scores below and average the mean of each triad...
To be frank, this was by far the most basic and painfully inaccurate and obvious test ever created. I do not understand and am quite frankly bemused at some of the responses of positive feedback, and...
Thank you! That's really helpful and sweet of you  and it's slowly trickling back. I mean I've gotten back my ego (oh dear...lol that's what started a lot of my mess) and I've slowly started to get...
Hey everyone   This post actually motivated me to sign up here as well, I too was having an issue with being an unhealthy ENTJ  In fact I think I still am, everything around me seems to be going to...
EIGHTS Triggers to becoming self-aware of your blind spots   Recognize that you are more intense and robust than most other people.  Tone down x91your volumex92 so that you do not intimidate others. ...
Yes lol ENTJ-female-17 fairly popular    From what I've read it seems like the type 8's get into fights quite often when provoked especially since we're confrontational
MBTI for sure, Enneagrams are so limiting and confusing (even with adequate research) I type ENTJ on literally all three personality types RHES/Jung and the Myers and with the enneagram it moves...
ENTJ-Type 8 wing 7 (my replies will be super brief in case anyone cares if not then lol that's cool too)'"


492: INTJs and ENFJs definitely. ENTJs would piss me off ENTPs would make me vomit blood ISFP would frustrate me INFJs are too deep INTPs are annoying The rest don't matter.
ENFJ and INTJ or ENFP and INTJ i'd say.
Relationship question, but I felt it deserved a thread of its own. Pretty straight forward question: Why did you break up with someone? Was it something they said/did? Was it a particular way of...
Hold your horses, that's all.
Pushover?
I've done law, and during my degree, I met my best friends who are INTJ and INFJ. The INTJ is going into litigation like me, while the INFJ is now on his way to becoming a diplomat. In my honest...
Physical traits: I don't generally go for looks. It definitely is not the most important in assessing someone of interest. Just your regular man would be fine, with good hygiene. I can't do with...
Hmm... So how would an ESFJ attract me. My mom is an ESFJ and one of my best friends is an ESFJ[male]. I was never attracted to him, but if I had to be, it would be because: They have a strong...
When going in a relationship with an ISTP, don't think of him. Think of yourself. Will you be able to benefit from this relationship? Because honestly, ISTP are just fine on their own, and they...
Agree with what Ellistra has said, but don't overly praise him, because he will not view it as genuine, more like forced, like something you feel you have to do to cheer him up/motivate him. He will...
I may have an answer to that... It would be easier for extroverts to find ISTPs imo. Here's why: The ISTP is not that uncommon. There is bound to be one of them in one of your many groups of...
ISFP and INFJ wear their heart on the sleeve. ENTP hardest to figure out (They are often in denial anyway)
I guess I don't share the typical ENTJ POV on this one. Maybe it has to do with the fact that I am only 23? When I date, I don't think of the 'end goal' yet, not about him being my life partner,...
Invisibility Time travel Super human endurance
Haha, i don't know. Sometimes the heart has it's reasons which reason knows nothing of.
I can identify with the frustrations. That's what an ENTJ would think. And assume as well. But how can you be 100% sure that it is him who's reading your tumblr? It might be really awkward to find...
YES. Completely agree on that one. Having been a student, and having to sit through a 2-3 hour long lecture listening to someone is boring enough as it is. Then on top of that, if he/she starts...
When there's a huge crowd walking in a quite narrow lane with a couple of hawkers to the sides, and having people literally stop abruptly in front of me to check out whatever is being sold. Making no...
I plan my next trip, or next course of action. It might seem stressful for some types, but I actually find it very calming... Knowing.
Truth be told, I've been trying to get my hands on an INFP for quite a while now (6 years maybe?) and I've never met one. Not in my immediate circle anyway. And that's saying a lot since I always get...
Would never say intimidating. Probably INFPs but not ISTPs. It's quite easy to gloss over/ignore an ISTP who is just sitting quietly and listening. What might be weird is when the ISTP tries to...
Honestly... As a female ENTJ who has befriended 2 other female ENTJs in uni (all rare 'species') I will dare to say that it is not that easy to identify female ENTJs in real life, specially when...
ISFP/ESFJ/ENFP/ISTP (x) talking to ENTJ: x: *Tells about their latest failures* ENTJ: Why did you do/say that, that was stupid. x: *Tries to justify* ENTJ: *Raises eyebrows* x: *mumbles* Yeah...
As you have seen from my various inputs, it seems that I have taken my decision already, even if I haven't told him about that yet. It seems I am leaning more and more towards the 'just give it a try...
Thank you for your reply, I really appreciate it :) I think it's the expectations that worries me, where one side will expect a lot from the other side and it will not work out because of that. At...
So I just started seeing this ISTP 2 weeks ago. We had been acquaintances for 6 years. Turns out that our personalities are a great match, we have the same values, principles and logical way of...
8.5
The 100, but that was well over a year or two ago. I don't watch TV or series much
Oh right! Let me clarify it then, your partner is going away for 3-5 (5 months most probably) and then coming back for 3 months, and then going back for another 5 months before coming back for good....
What are ISTPs take on LDR? Do you guys think you could possibly go with it? Why?
Thank you for replying!:D How long have you known each other/been dating if I may ask? I'm wondering if maybe, type 6 ISTPs are pro-commitment rather than the opposite?
Ahoy! An ENTJ here :3 Just started seeing this Type 6>4>9 ISTP, I'm taking things slow for now, but he seems to want to go out everyday? I thought you guys liked your alone time more than anything...
More than a year later, I'm still trying to figure our my enneagram! LOL Just now tested as a 1... Going to be taking couple more tests I guess... I haven't seen many Type 1 ENTJs around :/
Your score was 12 out of a possible 50. ENTJ
He asks way too many questions to be an ENTJ. An ENTJ would make a statement and back it up with fact. An ENTP would shoot questions at you to mess you up.
ISFP TMLT have the best relationship with his/her parents?
Melancholy Choleric 7 Sanguine, 50 Melancholy, 50 Choleric, 29 Phlegmatic
The real question is, which ENTJ would want to be good at absolutely everything? It would be a waste of time, and we really value our time.
The type who makes me feel
Istj - enfj
Give up on the T. ENFJs are cool too
367066 The Action Components (32%) Gamers with high Action scores are aggressive and like to jump in the fray and be surrounded by dramatic visuals and effects. Gamers with low Action scores prefer...
My friends are mostly INTJs and my family is INTJ/INTP, so you can guess where it comes from. I also have a very slight preference for extroversion over introversion so could pretty much qualift as...
Nopes I don't like that... I don't like it when people touch me so why would I touch others lol
Playful with words yes, but only face to face.
How to become more organised, driven, focused, better at completing goals. I think you should start by looking at the differences between ENTP and ENTJ and see for yourself what needs to be done to...
If I feel that the relationship is not going anywhere, I'll let the person know directly. I would be very straightforward about it and matter of factly. I would still be tactful and be careful to...
Nopes, never fallen in love.  But I know who I don't want to fall in love with and I don't, so I made this theory that says the inverse is true?  Dont worry, I know the theory is flawed.
Depends who i'm with. With fellow INTJ, ENTJ, INTP, ESTJ not much... It's a lot more fun with ESFJ, ESFP, ENFP and ENTP let me tell you.
That's just coincidence. Perhaps you posted something on social media and that person - who is in your friend list - saw it and decided to get back in touch with you? I think the weirdest is having..."


515: 'Classical music is a more recent addition to my life, but I find it quite soothing.  I would have to say right now my three favorites are: Bach (even if he can be argued baroque), Tchaikovsky, and...
Last Dance. It's a nice song.
It really bothers me. Especially when it is such a simple concept or idea and they have no idea what they're talking about. It feels like I'm wasting my breath some days. But I've learned to get over...
I've have pretty developed people skills. Although I'm finding more and more that I have to watch what I say. Many of the people I associate with are F dominate, and find a need to explain things to...
I make others cry, by pointing out their very prominent flaws that in some way affect my life. But personally, I rarely cry.
My resolution would be to improve my math work ethic.
Hey Guys,  I know I haven't been on for what feels like forever. Grade 11 is truly killing my spare time. Especially since I am almost failing math, which used to be one of my better subjects. I...
Plain and simple. Prove every point you make with an enormous amount of evidence so that any argument he COULD make is crushed in your wake.
-Compulsively organized and reorganized everything in your room... and other's... From a young age I thought that life would be better organized if it was sorted by category, sub category, and then...
Be honest. Don't disrespect me and lie. That's my main thing.
Make an everlasting impact on society and end up in the history books. I want to be unforgettable.
Right now I'm strongly doubting my personality type.
Merry Christmas Y'all!!! Now that I'm on break ill be posting like everyday! :D love you all <3
I FOUND A PEN! I FOUND A PEN! SUCCESS!  Writers block?!? DAMNIT.
Sleeping Beauty So fair she lies upon the sheets Endless thoughts of hopes to be Waiting there for heaves kiss Sending her to perfect bliss. Years and times go passing by As slowly rolling...
Dear Classmates,  Sometimes I only feel like myself when I'm online. Why? Because here I am not afraid to admit all of who I am. Out there though, you judge so harshly. It makes me stay in my...
Cause I suck at adding pictures to these threads, I'll just give you the name and description.   Personality wise, I would honestly have to say Rachel Berry from Glee.  I know that she isn't...
That use to happen to me all the time. It happens to a lot of people really. Something I find helps is thinking of who I am. How I am a great person, and that even if things don't go well at least I...
As an ENFJ I guess what I would say hurts me the most is others pain.  Seeing anothers suffer completely kills, especially when you know is there is nothing you can do to relieve it. This is most...
Those people who when asked how good they are, scream they're fantastic when the whole room is quite.
When you can justify anything, and your friends hate you for it.
I'm feeling great! Nothing planned today, which means I can use the entire day to catch up and realax.   However I can't find a pen >:(
Woot :) Go Jaws go!
Razvan Maybe for halloween lol
I must say there are already a lot of threads discussing ENFJ's and manipulation.   So to cover it all up, I'd have to say we are but most of the time it's unintentional.
I feel pretty, oh so pretty. I feel pretty and witty and gay! And I pity, any girl who isn't me today.
Your idea of being friendly is another persons idea of being a tease.
Niccolo Machiavelli  WELL MAYBE IF YOU ACTUALLY SHOWED YOU CARE SOMETIMES I'D WANT TO MARRY YOU! BUT NO! ITS NEVER WARM FUZZY FEELINGS! ITS ALWAYS KILL THE WARM FUZZIES! KILL THEM ALL WITH YOU!...
What happens when an ENFJ gets attached to something?
KC Tan  YOUR AMAZING!   *HUG*
I am actually in a great mood. That sad depressing spell from forever ago has vanished, and I am slowly coming alive again. YAY! :D
So.... I have my newest one.  However due to where it is currently located being otherwise occupied you will have to wait for it. But I'll give you the title: Puppets.
I find that people often mistake my comments for rude when in reality they were meant as a joke.
HEY!   What if we all posted a picture of ourselves following a theme or idea?
I feel like dancing in the rain, but I don't have any rain :(
Home off of Phantom
Thank you, it means a lot you saying so.
My penpal is amazing :D
What signs do you give off when you like someone? (Romantically) Smiling, Flirting, Complimenting, Asking to Hang Out A Lot, Personal Conversations, and Making Them Feel Important.  How do you...
24863  This is when I feel the happiest.
Why is it people always fall in love with me?
My mood changes often. I just figured some things out.  However this morning my mood is dismal.
Song: Hallelujah by Rufus Wainwright.
I feel great! :D
Awe I love it.
I see your face. So bright, so perfect. The hair cascades. Long, dark, and perfect.  You walk my way. Thin waist, so perfect. The smile you save For them, truly perfect.
The song: Somewhere Off of West Side Story.
How I talk. I overcomplicate every sentence, just for the hell of it.
Ahh I understand
I too have a huge passion for music.  There's one song I've gotten pretty good at. I think I might share it eventually. It's off of Wicked.'"


521: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8N3FF_3KvU  Prepare your genes! [Gene set activation sector 72 protocol initiated] Prepare your heads for anarcho-capitalism now with self-defense.(can only dream...
Never became one, I had a philosophical lead which led to narcissism. Simply ask: If you can save the world at the cost of a small personal sacrifice but no one will know you did, it is useless....
I think ENTJs are prone to bias because they most certainly run on what I consider my 3rd buffer. The matter in which a consistent complete hypothesis of the world is created. It takes a position...
People who won't practice impartiality or wide skepticism. Both of which have no strong guarantee one way or the other in regards to critical thinking.  You can find political junkies who will run...
Maybe Stefan Molyneux. He's alive to.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFl9GsE5Mfg
Would you be by chance into atlas shrugged type master-plan scenario? Hide everything, hide yourselves, big terrorist gov incoming. Because I happen to plan on doing just that. Except I came a...
Understanding not sufficient enough for efficient (probability) action. Acquiring more understanding preferable. Staring at aquarium. re-initializing Ni from unknown disturbance  -snip- what am...
How do I disable email notifications? I don't wan tot be notified by email on replies quotes and answers on threads.
That they are, right here, right now, composites of a ginormous pile of shit that is everything they directly hated.  I've got nothing to hide or hide from with myself. I believe most people are...
Green and Pink. Purple. Orange... who cares.   Red White Blue and a tank.  Red white green and a sniper.
I will tell you (almost) straight.  1. Give up the bullshit 2. Seek truth 3. Seek reason 4. Act  Somehow we live on the same dimension it seems. And somehow pink elephants teleport just like...
Holy shit, I once let an INFP run a project. I told the 4 member team, that if they let me it would be best for everyone. I told the INFP, look you run the show, your not letting it run like it...
3 words: fix your trauma
I hypothesize that ADHD is more psychological than phisological. If that first premis is true then I proceed to hypothesize that some mindfulness and mastery of the mind can cure it. Being addicted...
I wouldn't go ritalin or any bullshit. I have a too high estimate of physiological genetics to even consider bloating myself with uncertain craps.  ON THE POINT!  If you want to be more action...
Answer: I don' feel unintelligent, I know I lack intelligence. And that is true of more uncertain things outside mathematics, everything is logical, so does the empirical experience tell me. THERE IS...
Euthanasia, don't let any absurd absolutist fear-mongering stop you. It's your choice.
When(why) do you share information and ideas with others?  I share it to see if I can learn from their response (and learn them too, hehe). I basically have no reason to. If someone wanted to...
It's just the best ( from a productivity perspective), plus it has almsot all the links with esoteric speculations. I think Se also does. At-least I speculate it has to do with cessation and...
What is it to externalize? putting it out in the exterior world?
I do not know of such chart. Answered. Perhaps a chakra chart (google chakras in images) There have been speculations (by not very scientific people, mind you). The other thing I have is...
Lacking self-knowledge. If you understood some part you could part things and not be confused by the others. I can also identify Fi users, I have a general core principle understanding, never...
1. How happy/content you are with your life at the moment 1 (unhapiness X, hapiness X +1, X is a grand value) 2. Your self-esteem as a teenager /8 I had some imperfections. 3. Your physical...
Ha, it's a piece of cake! I can give some relevant cues.  Try working from the premis that you are a soul and that your mind is a just like your body. And just like a muscle you can instantly stop...
Especially philosophy who are as dedicated to their thought system as irrational religious zealots. They'll go nuts when they find out that their scientist actually speculates. LOL
Fi-Te: Hello, I would like to exchange ideas and information with you. Do you agree to participate? INTJ calculates utility. INTJ accepts. if INTJ does not accept. You may insert a Fi or Ni...
We could get into esoterism. Perhaps you have a higher level of consciousness, atleast lvl 2 or 3. The third-eye and the vision chakra are related to Ni. You are can tap into higher frequencies....
Well all perceiving functions have some subconscious Only that Ne,Ni and Se functions are bigger and so they have a wider proportion in the subconscious. Ne reacts to creative demands and only good...
IT's too vague to lock onto one semantic.  ''think feelings '' Does that mean: A. The action of thinking with feelings B. The action of discarding whatever is there as mere invalid feelings....
At its best, I believe it's the best. The most productive (valuable) Just to clarify. The concise thinking parts of the mind seem more trustworthy but they lack brain-power and processing capacity....
The thinking user could share his rational to the oblivious and have them convince themselves assuming they are open. When it comes to understanding things in Ni, I believe in throwing the...
(My) The T philosophy is you should have a defined moral code and self-knowledge organized in thinking. To avoid inconsistencies with your values (non-maximized decisions/mistakes) My first thought...
Never Settle Anything Permanently.
Found this. Was going to make a thread, but I'l just post it here since this thread already exists: https://youtu.be/mVCKoAyqC1w?t=6m52s 6m52 to 7m10s It is an amazing ability to have. It does...
Yes obviously, but sometimes it's not interesting. More importantly, I don't want to miss the gems.
They seemed as useless (efficiency) as the other from my then position.
Ah, I was thinking of intuition as a mental process. Unfortunately, I can't help you with your gut's neurons. hahaha. That intuition is something I use, but not my focus or mastery.
I see I'm being devil's advocate, I'm not being as clear as I wish I would be. Mainly because there are many reasons he could be like that. Most of them are negative and involve insanity, but I will...
It's very easy, you should actually know what it's for and engage it. Not as an auxiliary. There are massive things where Ni is the leader and does 99% of the work. Here's my take: Don't try to use...
Say you want to talk with someone or consider to bring up a subject with a knowledgeable friend. Which subjects are favorable or unfavorable to discuss with each type as an ENTJ.  Starting with...
I don't have problems not being angry. But I carry my angry baggage, like to have it as a comfortable option. In case I want to kick some evil ass head-on, a celebration of know thyself, then express...
So  Fe-Ti and P values correlate with openess to polymarous relationships. To take it further, to promiscuity :) And to take it further from another direction. Ne and Se high stacks also correlate...
Perceivers with Fe-Ti. Both = higher chance.  I'm astounded by the mutual two-way correlation between function-stack, MBTI and r/K epigenetical theory. and politics.
Or you could check out the r/K epigenetical theory and turn yourself into a K. It's rather malleable by my observation. After-all you have both gene sets in your genetical database.
An inner circle of 1 great lover is equal to an external circle of a good civilization as opposed to this insane delusional evil mess. introspective feeling estimation*  Why do you want to have...
To be a researcher you would not learn all the past discoveries. Only get on a database and see new frontiers then make theories with the participation of feelings. People who use the discoveries do...
I wish history followed a principle of science. That is if a theory is better at explaining reality then it should replace the previous. there are entire things of history who are shoved on the...
The media and females are complete assholes to patriarchs. Then they wonder why less men marry.
I associated INTJs with my least met ideals. I don't have any high expectations, but I think it will be worthwhile to meet one who ahs some link with me or my life. Perhaps Business, or secret...
Haven't met any:sad: Seeing Nikola Tesla and Elon Musk. That's as close as I got to meeting one enough to have an idea of his type. I rather think INTJs are the best. I am actually subtly yearning...'"


536: 'I'd very much like to believe this were true, but politics, at least here in the US, are based completely on lies, pretense, and disingenuity, and I only see it getting worse. Money is already the...
I prefer to be as direct as possible, but I learned early on that most people can't handle that. Now I feel people out to see how honest I can be with them.
Existing in the 21st century works rather well.
Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal  This comic, of course, doesn't apply to me. I actually am special.    You can brew your own.
In order of (rapidly) decreasing likelihood:  The Likely  Achieve a net worth of over 20 million US Dollars (adjusted for inflation)  The Possible  Become CEO of a Fortune 500 company
Here's an excellent lecture by Dr. Michael Shermer on things like agency bias, self-deception, and the origin of beliefs regarding supernatural entities:  ...
The knowledge that I'm an ENTJ has helped me immensely in terms of identifying and addressing my own weaknesses. I'm now much more critical of my own ideas, much more open to having my mind changed,...
Yes.
Ideally an exchange of money is a mutually beneficial interaction; I can pay a person for their goods or services because what we each get is more valuable to us than what we gave up for it. Of...
I believed that the universe was made with humanity in mind, that there was a good reason for the suffering I saw in charity pamphlets, that America was the greatest country in the world, and that...
Funny, I never thought of INTP's as humble. They're certainly not self-aggrandizing, but they seem to have an air of intellectual superiority, and a mild disdain for the simpler folk.
I always knew exactly what I wanted.
Bane seemed far too selfless and ideological to be an ENTJ. His plan involved his own death.
HideousHeart
You could give the OP veto power over the edits to make sure they approve.
MindSlinger  The last time I genuinely got angry over an online conversation was over three months ago. I disagreed with a minor point on a blog post and was assaulted with flagrant...
http://youtu.be/F-S0T4xTdLY
I didn't mean to imply that your explanation was impossible, that would be an indefensible position to hold. I merely wished to advance a more simple, evidence-based alternative.  Unfortunately,...
Oh I don't think you could handle me.
Problem?
I guess I should have explained my point. Your post was ironic because the very existence of the internet is a testament to the ability of science to determine truth.   And saying it goes both...
ENTJ's are typified by a desire to enforce their will upon their environment; money is the most obvious way to do that, but it's not the only way.
You sound way too confident in your new found enlightenment. I strongly advise you to temper your intuition with a healthy dose of skepticism. The ideas popping into your head are educated guesses...
Need I point out the irony of using the internet to tell people that science is poorly adapted for determining truth?
You may want to try proofreading your posts for coherence. I'm sure the section I colored blue makes perfect sense to you, but to me it reads like an excerpt from Time Cube.    Yes, an actual...
Care to elaborate?
I can tell you that memory is extremely unreliable, and that dreams can easily be confused with actual experiences.
Interesting. Back in college I took a world literature class that stressed me out so badly I developed chronic heartburn. The professor was a very nice person, but he was also very flighty and...
adverseaffects  I waxed a little poetic there; I don't really think life has any overarching purpose, because that would require a sentient creator. But if I were to assume such a creator existed,...
That depends on the attributes of said God.    Is it not dishonest to believe something merely because it's practical to do so?
What is the meaning of life?  Pointless suffering. The agony endured on our world alone is beyond our comprehension, and it is but one of trillions.
I first encountered MBTI in a business writing class.
I'd more than likely derive no satisfaction from it. Besides, a predator often targets the weakest of the herd; all it's interested in is eating.
You asked how to not get bored in a long term relationship, the professor in the comic describes being married to the same woman for 50 years.
The default response of many authority figures when a subordinate makes demands is I provide you with X, Y, and Z, how dare you demand more?!.
Just make sure you use an emotional appeal, not a logical argument. The simplest amounts to I'm in charge, do as I say, though that may backfire if you aren't actually in charge.
Scantron is obsolete?!
Just make sure you have a good defense against any accusation of hypocrisy or selfishness.
No one does that to me in person, at least not more than once.....
Interesting.... Is resolve preferable to reason? Is holding to your beliefs in the face of opposing evidence a virtue?
This certainly isn't unique to INFP's. My ideals were brutalized so badly that I abandoned them altogether. I would be an abomination in the eyes of myself just 5 years ago.
http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?db=comics&id=2545#comic
Need someone to make you feel inadequate? You'll have to pay.
Just so you know, this thread is almost a year old, and bubbamamma hasn't posted anything since last April.
I love anything that's existentially depressing; it's one of the few things that can make me feel. Unfortunately, I haven't read any more than you.
The quote assumes the person is wishing on an actual star, and it's supposed to say years, not lightyears.    I used to do this constantly, now I use the less offensive if I remember...
How much will you pay me to argue your side?
It's difficult to see that when you're raking in millions every year.
A lot of that fear is likely justified; imperfect as it is, many profit greatly from society's current configuration. Because of this the powerful are almost always defenders of the status quo.
The System is everywhere. It is all around us. Even now, in this very  room. You can see it when you look out your window or when you turn on  your television. You can feel it when you go to work......'"


555: 'SkyRacerX    Actually, I quoted and agreed with the premise of your position, with two reasons to support why - even explicitly stating regardless of gender twice. My position regarding this list...
@dulcinea Good idea! Yes to all of the suggestions above  #asdforchatboxmod
what did you eat today
Mr. Castelo I think you're actually Sp/So. My impression is that in general you are neutral and dispassionate. You emphasize that you have a fear of intimacy in that it causes you anxiety. For me, So...
ugh
i kind of like the idea of power    and oh yeah, i want to serve this great community n stuff
I don't have this problem. Usually I need to shut up because I'm too direct. Sounds like you struggle with assertiveness. I think this is more common for the type 9, actually. My advice is to put...
#asdforchatboxmod2017
can i be mod of chatbox? pls pls pls pls pls psl pls
Undead Warhead I think 6w5 is right, stacking is either Sp/Sx or Sx/Sp, probably Sp/Sx. I'm 6w5 Sx/Sp myself so I'll briefly elaborate to differentiate. I also think you left out a lot of things as...
:laughing::laughing:
I agree. Regardless of gender, our first function is Te. Te, obviously, is blunt, direct, and transparent - our communication style is masculine in that it's straight to the point. Regardless of...
:redface: :redface-new: :very_drunk: ty ty. sometimes i try
uncle ben* lol
that's a great question. the possibilities are endless...  spiderman once said, with great power comes great responsibility. well, fuck that.  1. infraction spree. i get excited just thinking...
when are you going to make me mod (for one day)? pls pls ls
TheSonderer decisions, decisions.............  Dulcinea asking the ni future vision jedi mind reading questions. enough is enough
beard braids or no.. that's a tough one alright. wouldn't want to be in your shoes right now
^:smilewoot::winetime::kirby::kirby::kirby:
that was rude.
Fumetsu Just caught up on this exchange. Judging from the context alone and not by any assumptions or personal experiences inserted, sounds like you're simply trying to think out loud and assess a...
oh wait i thought the potatoes were eggs lol
^my meal for friday :sun-smiley:  make a french foodie thread please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ahhhhhh post recipe now!!!!!!
what is your favorite french dish
we seek answers!
https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2017-03/3/15/asset/buzzfeed-prod-fastlane-02/sub-buzz-29344-1488573403-7.png?downsize=715:*&output-format=auto&output-quality=auto
I think the entire NT squad is overrated (thanks for that, David Keirsey). Sensors get a lot of crap, honestly. It is a bit unfair - an ISTJ is just as logical compared to an INTJ, etc. and so on.
My sister is a type 1 Sp/So. She doesn't prioritize close friends and her friends are sort of like social groups, social friends, etc. A reoccurring theme, however, is around her birthday she comes...
i dunno but sign me up
wut?
Ni subtype is a valid possibility; also, if you find out your stacking (enneagram), I find that it helps as well. For instance, I'm ENTJ-Ni subtype and my stacking is Sx/Sp. Usually, there's a...
#confused
dulcinea to be honest, in terms of tritype, I don't really see any validity. Wing, you're probably 4w5. I figured Sp/Sx; are you familiar with the Sp 4 subtype (from Naranjo and Chestnut)? I think...
dulcinea essentially, I think you're type 4 to the max. Your 4ness is overwhelming me. Do you know your stacking? I think perhaps Sp/Sx. A lot of your answers are image-focused. That said, you have...
autism spectrum disorder...............
LOL :tan::emmersed::rolling::surprise:
Krayfish Are you familiar with Socionics? If you are, I won't link you to sources; if not, let me know. :proud: Also, I find that a lot of people have trouble deciding the E/I because of Socionics...
Turi Lol @ the ignorance and misinformed data (you do realize the Loyal Skeptic is the literal title given to the type 6, right? :laughing:). Admittedly, you have 0 knowledge regarding core types and...
If you get into the enneagram you learn about your hidden motivations, fixations, patterns of defense mechanisms, etc. - it presents room for growth and change.     This is pretty common for the...
People usually assume I'm unemotional because of my demeanor and are often surprised by my sensitivity and the amount of investment I have to help others once they get to know me.
Animal exactly, the continued deflection and personal attacks are childish and off-putting as it's an overreaction or moral crusade or whatever bullshit to anyone disagreeing - I can't be...
JennyJukes sorry, I was honestly referencing an ENTP, ENFP, and ENTJ. I'm sure there's a variation there. :proud:
Hermetica Can you read? Did they claim innocence? No, you did.     So much for reading comprehension.
Paradigm I thought that was an unfair post as well laced with a lot of biased self-affirming bullshit all equating to nonsense. I have some choice words but I'll refrain given the recent events and...
I agree with Krayfish, I think you're a 9; you have a softer disposition. Actually, a lot of times I see a type 9 mistype as 5; especially if they're INTP. Both are withdrawn types (5 and 9).    ...
It took reading Chestnut and Naranjo before realizing I was a 6. This is common for the counter-types.    Why do you think so for subtype? I agree, tritype is irrelevant.   Subtype is the...
^lol
This is a good question. I wonder which is more dominant as well. As a 6 in the head triad, I have fear. With my Sx subtype, I have more anger, and aggression. In fact, I am more conscious of my...
Database error    rating: ********************** :laughing:'"


568: 'Emotional intimacy, yes avoiding it at all costs at the moment. Being intimate, and failing seems to have triggered me.  I'm currently in 'the grip'. Having quite a bad depressive episode which has...
In other notes, one of my closest friend's is the voice actor behind Johnny Bravo, he's an ENTJ type 3.
A couple of years ago I ready books by John C. Maxwell. I fond 5 Levels of Leadership and The 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership at my local library. I read them constantly nodding my head and...
I have been a member of a few associations and institutions in the past. I was paying £1,200 a year to be a registered engineer with the Institute of Engineer and Technology and Engineering Council...
Yes.  Assembly for which platform however? You need to be specific here.  Also number 5 is really JQueery.
Please help. Today I was eating a triple sandwich, question is: Where was my second half of one of my sandwiches and was someone eating it today? Or, does the second half not really exist? Some...
I do ashtanga yoga. Yogi bear is just too common.
Hate suits. People use suits to hide behind, to me this isn't showing the authentic person. People are individuals, not identical robots. Ties and other useless garments are certainly banned in my...
He's nothing like an ENTJ. Full of Se and Ti. He is an ESTP, an unhealthy one.  His extreme narcissism makes him somewhat dysfunctional at times. I'm not going to make an argument for him being ESTP,...
Tested people on Facebook yesterday. Two known ESTJs got VDE-C.
Love, just something made up in movies.
ENTJ thread on this: http://personalitycafe.com/entj-forum-executives/1045050-mindtrackers-personality-test.html
ENTJ thread on this: http://personalitycafe.com/entj-forum-executives/1045050-mindtrackers-personality-test.html
So, where was your towel?
What type of spice?  http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/toriko/images/9/90/Komatsu_escaping_with_hot_spice.gif ...
INTJ’s and INFP’s have been making a list: http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/1041386-new-neat-personality-test.html  ...
https://mindtrackers.com/personality-test   My results:  https://simonhowes.files.wordpress.com/2017/04/screenshot-2017-04-15-17-06-12.png?w=485
https://simonhowes.files.wordpress.com/2017/04/screenshot-2017-04-15-17-06-12.png?w=485   Leader (VDE-M)  Nature 54% Tactics 77% Energy 71%   Identity Motivating
Interesting you guys like this. MrCreepyPasta is an acquaintance of mine. I also know CreepsMcPasta very well - his brother is a friend of mine, records the videos with his brother, and is also a...
Mystery Science Theatre 3000 on Netflix, give it a watch. Commentary of the movies is just like myself with my ENTJ type 3 friend. We do not watch films quietly.
Failed at an attempt with someone I like. Life and relationships not progressing at all, need to stay well clear thinking about every being in a relationship. Just wasting my time, need to work...
Anyone know any/are an ENTJ that supports Trump?
Wow, fartface has lost here.
1. Could you explain your situation? (e.g., I'm a full-time student or I work full-time, et cetera).  I work full-time. New career in IT, from the bottom in that career ladder, working 45 hours...
I know. I get weeks on end feeling just fine, then have a bad few days, then I'm fine again. Just empty feeling.
Met someone, she's still not over her ex. Another failure, which is making me sad as I beat myself up over it, followed by utter confusion.  I know a lot of people, more know me which and I don't...
I've had a tough couple of weeks feeling sad. The forever single thoughts are sinking in.
Trump slowed down does it for me. He is drunk!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHSiL25SsKw
Feeling alienated is why I started reading in to personalties. I wanted a need to understand others, and then myself.   I have a lot of acquaintances, I mean a lot! I'm known by people for knowing...
Yes.
I've been diagnosed and treated for GAD, it was more of a side effect of chronic severe depression that I suffered. The article doesn't cover anxiety at all.  I over thought to a point where I...
Anyone ENTJs here like to help the shy or introverted?  Examples: When business networking. I get a buzz out of these situations with large groups or meeting new people, however I know many find it...
26.
As long as it doesn't interferer with my plans and with people I like, then I'm fine with it. I can manage some spontaneity. Just enjoy the party. Seems some of my friends are obsessed with surprise...
Loyalty, dependability, trustworthiness, justice. Whatever the opposite of projection is (EDIT, introjection or empathy?).
I have a job interview next week for the government. I have 4 sections I need to cover, there is a framework supplied. One is this. The other three I have done on work related situations, so I...
Decided to dip in to a few MBTI facebook groups. Let's just say, why did I bother!  Decided to call their shit on just always being about sterotypes. Replies: Typology = stereotyping. There's no...
I wonder, leadership is synonymous with ENTJs. :D  I'm going to this event, sounds interesting.  Café Scientifique is delighted to welcome Dr Dawn Eubanks, Associate Professor Behavioural...
Bringing back street cleaning, filling in potholes in the road, giving someone an actual job.  I wouldn't say our welfare system is robust. Most of it is now outsource to for profit companies, the...
There seems to be an obsession with building new war memorials in my city. Three have been made in the last 6 months or so.  We already has some large ones that are used to cover not just wars from...
People tell me I can be funny, energetic, lively. Then in other situations I switch to serious mode, especially when momentum kicks in while working.
Woosh!   Prada Treat it as a technical exercise: who bothers to question it, and then to click the source and read it in context.
I misread this thread as:  The Benefit of Donald Trump in Our Lives, there isn't one.
Quotes:   Perhaps the most obvious giveaway is an NTx92s tendency to make x93small talkx94 or to want to x93chatx94 with you. While small talk appears to be nonfunctional, for NTs it serves a very specific...
You lost me on the first line. MBTI as an instrument has nothing to do with romance.
INTP stereotype:  https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xft1/v/t1.0-9/12800326_10208453818765850_2366159301410697882_n.jpg?oh=109d9592a46c93b75e44011f0f7c5a98&oe=5754A7FD   #ohdear
One is annoying with Fe at times, the other can be freaking scary! :D  I'm stereotyping.  :P
I have made a big message on my door: Beware of the dinosaur! Due to health and safety regulations I have to make you aware of his occupancy. Roar!, with a lovely drawing of a dinosaur.
How to piss off this ENTJ, be passive aggressive!  Story is, I had an inflatable dinosaur for my birthday. So, this afternoon I sat him on my balcony, on a chair at the table with a cup of tea....
I don't think I have ever experienced emotion attached to a memory. I can think of situations, I think of what as happening, but emotion is totally detached.   The only emotion I can bring up is...'"


684: 'ENTPs have a lot of energy, yet the energy is short lived. I think ENTPs would be well suited for handling short projects. Any project works would normally require creativity, don't worry about that.
Its true, though finding a job matching our personality gives us unlimited energy at work
Great story.  I've always thought programming was more of an INTP domain.  How strong is the T in you i.e. are you mildly F?
Not to sound rude or anything, I just can't comprehend myself how an ISFJ can like programming. Maybe it's the Fe side of programming? like designing GUI, delivering client's expectation and etc......
When you feel belittled by ESFPs?
Hi, I think career selection is very important to ensure you are satisfied with your job. I have an ISFJ friend. She works in Human Resources and is very pasionate about it.  I would say ISFJ need...
Actually, I'm left handed too.  But I think handedness have no correlation with MBTI. A lot of ISTPs are left handed.I have seen left handedness in almost all MBTI types, even ISTJs (which we...
Hmm, this was a genuine observation. In fact have a look at this link, it kinda prove whos on top of each other. It's socionics though  Complete relationship chart between psychological...
ENTJs,  Do you often get 0wned by ISTPs (in a social context)???? I don't know why... they seem to own us easily... Probably due to their cool jock style and we see them somewhat more superior...
:sad:  Yeah, I think ENTJ too. Cause we have Se as our third function.
What do you mean by realistic?
When you are studying for an Exam, you can't concentrate when there are small background noises!
LOL!, that just cracked me up ... !!
If you're hanging around in forums like these, I think you're not much of mainstream anymore :)
I read somewhere that when a person is stressed out he will resort to his third and forth function; the function he normally ignores. So an ENTJ will become ISFP, and INFP will become ESTJ....etc......
Hmm... I've alway thought it's an E vs I thing  E when stressed go into seclusion I when stressed find people  Seems not true....
Your MBTI Type?
Hi All!  Whenever you're stessed out, do you either 1) Find people? :- ask people to go out with you and start talking about your  problem 2) OR Go into seclusion? :- lock yourself in a room and...
Ok I got it... I finally got it!  You need to have all functions to see things at different angles  Te, Ti, Ne, Ni, Se, Si, Fe, Fi  All of them!  That's why old people are wise
My fellow ENTJ colleagues!  Extraverted Sensing (Se) is supposed to be the 3rd function of us ENTJs... Te-Ni-Se-Fi But what is Se to you? Do you use it often? If you do, how?
As an ENTJ, I agree with that 100%. The problem is, that's our weakness. We ignore people's feelings. However, once we've developed the feeling functions, we become more mature. An ENTJ with a highly...
First of all thanks for starting this thread. I'm a Muslim and I've just red this thread from the beginning. The way I see it is that burning the Quran is an act to ignite muslim anger. We respect...
I think to be a successful ENTJ or leader, one needs to develop all functions....  including Fi and Fe.
That's a simplification. We need to see things from other people's point of views. ENTJs make tonnes of mistakes. We always think it makes sense to us but it actually doesn't to the vast majority
After traversing this forum for months, I've learned that ESFJs are the kind of people which ENTJs think are too concerned over the small things on other people.   Imagine if you are both going to...
I totally agree. ENTJs need a lot of shutting off to do.. which is probably why no super heroes are inspired by ENTJ attitudes.  Interestingly there's a lot of ENTJ badass super villains though.......
Come on man.. I'm an ENTJ... and I don't think ENTJ's are badass  Name me ONE, just ONE, cartoon or movie heroes which is an ENTJ...
ENTJs are knowledge appliers...  So we are book smart but probably spend less time reading. We rather apply what we've learnt more
OKay I'm rephrasing  Se users = Street Smart  Does this make sense?
Haha, just trying
Sensors = Street Smart  Intuitives = Book Smart
I had 2 ENTP friends who never studied at all, but always get straight A's. They don't get near perfect score but usually it's good enough to get all As....  I've come up with this theory that they...
This is the meaning of book smart..... http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTvFQhsFseWBfvGoB692ibwYvETiF6HvDy8DGR3B_hqghcgIWE&t=1&usg=__aJd21dD9Ds7Xie022Hy3f5WVAu4=
Why do we complain about people generalizing?  Isn't MBTI all about generalizing?  Generalizing = Simplifying
Book smart = No people skills
I am ENTJ... and my fav was physics cause it's applied theory. I guess this has something to do with Te (Applying) and Ni (Theory).
Which is better, Book Smart or Street Smart?  Which Type tends to be more street smart?  Which Type tends to be more book smart?
Yeah, I agree TJ are the most formal.  I would rank   1) ISTJ 2) ESTJ 3) INTJ 4) ENTJ
Well Said!  I can see your style of leadership is more towards inspiring people. You try to bring out the best in people  J's like myself, we like to manage. We like making plans and seeing them...
Since none of you guys think that Muslims are behind 9/11,  Why is it that you guys hate muslims so much?? + labelling muslims are terrorist??
May I know what you do for a living and do you enjoy managing?  Most Ps I know hate doing management. They prefer to blend in and just  be a good bloke
But common, you guys love hands on work and hate doing paperwork rightg??. You guys prefer to get your hands dirty, whether it be software programming or physical work, you prefer action.
So Ti loves to solve problems. Yeah it does makes sense. ISTPs just love fixing up mechanical stuff... INTPs probably love more complicated stuff
Yeah, possibly. But still, even if the towers did not collapse they would've attacked Afghanistan anyway.  Engineering facts and simulation do prove the controlled demolition theory. There was even...
What I don't understand is that if it was a controlled demolition.... why do they want the tower to collapse? They can just leave the plane dangling there..... No need to collapse the entire tower to...
Nice Post,  I think Intuitives tend to generalize things more, so that's probably why you suspect they tend to be more racist. These are negative intuitors. However, positive intuitors can also see...
I have this nice analogy on Ne vs Ni  Imagine you are at a lunch buffet . There's lots of food!   With Ni, you hold on to your plate and take the best food from each serving. You be picky.  With...
So how do you stimulate your Ti?
I just read another thread. This guy says that a way to motivate P's is to stimulate their main functions,  Ne = Change their tasks often Se = Give hands on work Fi = Give appreciation Ti = .......
Good ideas. So basically it's about motivating and stimulating Ne and Se.  From what i've read,  To motivate Ne = give them new tasks What about motivating Se ?'"


739: 'Philosophy is the basic of knowledge. Science is the result of philosophy.  Philosophy approach the universe fundamentally and generally. Science approach the universe methodically and...
TeNiSeTiNeFiFeSi  Tennis In Fire. Whatever.
Let me try.   First of all, your description about yourself describe nothing about you(except for the no.1)since those are traits that can be find in a lot of everyone else which means it's neither...
Oh come on, personality types are neither species or race. It has no actual relation with physical quality.
Gender: male Age: 26-36 Intelligence: gifted Openness: conservative MBTI personality profile: INTJ Closest alternative we found: ENTJ   I really can't think of myself to be a conservative.
Out of curiousity, what do you think about ENTJs? Do we appear like your alter ego?
Well, if i being an ENTJ is a ticket to be perfect i would make it become my professional job and make sure i get paid at least $6000 for every second in my life.
That actually depends on the person herself. But regarding to types and based on my personal experience and taste, i'd prefer an ESTJ or INTJ woman. I prefer my spouse to be tough, logical,...
Well, first of all, if you're trying to look for more validation by finding out how similar you are with another individual whose type is similar with you, you're not gonna get anywhere. You're not...
Hell, i'm in my 20s and i do feel exactly the same thing. In my specific case, i think it's due to too much testosterone. Well, as i don't know you personally, all i can say to you is just to face it...
Well that's probably because his Ni is inferior since Ni is a powerful and strong function. That's just a possibility though as i don't know your husband well enough to mention the functions he use...
Degree : Professional Hell-raising MBTI : ENTJ  I certainly love it.
That's right.  I rely on my memory about this one. It's been long since the last time i watch/read Batman. Well, i think he's a Se-dom since he seem to be very cautious with his surrounding that he...
Simply because there are too much of them so their kind of intelligence is considered average, common, or ordinary unlike the more rare ones such as NTs. I don't believe there's such thing as...
I think Batman is an ISTP. He's a man of action after all and works very well in emergency situations. I don't think an ISTJ could stand such thrills on a daily basis, they would at least get grumpy....
IRL Overrated : All ESFs and ESTs  Underrated : ISFx and ISTx as their works often under-appreciated.  Hated : all NTs  I live in a crazy country where independent but assertive and rational...
I'm an ENTJ. Most people in my life thought i'm an ESTP. Mostly because i'm a rebellious heavy-hitting hedonistic rockstar with high testosterone and outrageous sexual activities. Plus the fact that...
No, i do not. I prefer an organized style in my approach to life rather than an adaptable one. I don't want to be a product of my environment. I want my environment to be a product of me.
That's a good prove regarding his sensitivity. He seem to feel offended by Jeb.  Talks about your point that it makes more sense that he's an ESFP playing an ENTJ, it's a good point. But he's a...
ESFP  Type most likely to date with me. I don't know why. For all my life most girls i've date and have a long-term relationship with are ESFPs.
I used to think he's an ESFP. But i don't think an ESFP could stand to be as much ridiculed as he is. As far as i know, an ESFP tend to try to get rid of the bad image he received. Trump does not...
The problem is not specifically in ESFJ's stereotype but in the biased stereotype of intelligence and stupidity rather than in the varieties of human abilities themselves. Many people still even...
I shall try.  1.He's very popular and highly admired among the ladies. 2.Women describe him as a very sexy man since he's both hot and cold. 3.The guy is very clever, but he's known more for his...
I am ENTJ.  My religious view is simple : even if God does exist, i would rather stand against him than submit to him.  In general, i have nothing against any religion. I mean, any religion and...
-Doubled-
I am ENTJ.  1.ESFP 2.ESTP Only when it comes to lifestyle. I don't know why. But i'm sure i used to act very SP-ish before 20 which is strangely enough because i was already a Te-Ni user rather...
1.ENTJ 2.Fast. 3.Visual. But sometimes i calmly pronounce the words to stay focus when there's distractions. 4.Distracted. 5.A detailed skimmer. 6.I don't mind to skip back and re-read again to...
No, just because your point of view is subjective doesn't mean my point is nothing but uninterpreted facts. You haven't even explain to me giving a proof in which part i'd most definitely insult...
That's how you think about it but that's not how it's been truly said. I've said earlier that it was an example of both an ISFJ and INFP based with two people of the type and not an entire...
Just a suggestion, try to consider ESTP. By the way you describe yourself you don't fit with neither ENTP or ENTJ because of how simplistic and concrete your explanation is.  I think that my...
Lol. I didn't mean that. Really.
This is funny, now you sound like an INFP. Lol. However, keep in mind that two people with the same exact type would not be 100% similar with each other as it would still vary to each individual. ...
Easy.  Your mom : ISFJ Your dad : ESTP Your sister : ESFP  Do note that this might not be very accurate since the typology itself is more about one's mental and thinking process which happen...
If you described yourself accurately you clearly are an ISFJ.  I'll explain from my experience with both type. One of my exes whose family i was close enough with is an INFP. Her sister is an ISFJ....
Let me continue,  Robert Fripp is an INTP. He once say that he was struggle to learn how to play guitar, thought that he was tone deaf and it took 7 years for him to finally master his chosen...
I don't think this is an intuitive or xNTPs problem but human's nature which is also the reason why we have choice, decision, will, desire, goals, and interest. No one is able to fully concentrate...
Well, you actually haven't provide enough information to get a clear exact answer; you said characters, what kind of writing you are trying to describe your characters with? A literal description,...
I got it. You make it very clear that i'm just a non-traditionally intellectual ENTJ(fyi, i never attended university)which probably makes me look like an ESTP(or non-stereotypical ENTJ). The main...
(Sorry for the double post. Can't delete it through my cellphone. I'll handle it later when i can get to my laptop)
1.)Yes i do. Absolutely. My plan is simple : to do whatever the hell i want to do. 2.)Always. I'm good with budgeting. I don't really like making money. So i prefer to manage my income than working...
1.)Yes i do. Absolutely. My plan is simple : to do
Lol. Thanks for your answer.  I've read a lot about the cognitive functions and i can say i'm not ENTP for their S is introverted and inferior. Mine is pretty strong and very extroverted that i...
I'd never get fired. But i'm constantly changing my jobs because i have not found a company that can really benefit me and really worth my talent, time, and skills. Often times they're satisfied with...
ESTPs,   How do you guys differ yourself from ENTJ? I've been typed as ENTJ. But the more i think about my type, the more i realize even though my thinking process is kind of similar to that of...
ESTP(12-18) ENTJ(20 until today)  Well, i'm still somewhere between both anyway.
Agentic & Thinking extrovert.  I don't have to get lost in thoughts to think. In fact, conversation helps me think better. I'm an out loud thinker. I'm not quiet or reserved when i'm thinking.
ENTJ 1.Pink Floyd 2.The Doors 3.Iron Maiden 4.Motorhead 5.The Rolling Stones 6.Yes 7.Emerson, Lake and Palmer 8.Weather Report 9.Mahavishnu Orchestra
Keep in mind that MBTI typing is about personality and not character. Your character may change but your personality will always remain the same. It's an internal process anyway so you shouldn't type...
I don't think it's possible. It's more likely that one is just misunderstood him/herself or not knowing him/herself well enough. I can relate to that friend of yours, i was very ESTP-ish before 20....
1st result : ESTP Well, this describe me well enough. What is this cognitive functions thing? From it's descriptions here, it doesn't seem like how my brain is working at all. But the rest of the...'"


762: '6w7  http://youtu.be/jSWIUEV5sPQ
sx/sp 5w4 in my eyes.
looks like sx 9w8
grin.... i have to go now. by tomorrow.
and i guess, every 4fixed type has in a way a kind of an issue with being authentic. even gut types.
yeah, that does not sound sixish. at least i've never heard a 6 saying that all her life, she knew exactly what she wanted and what she felt all times.  not that 8s always know what they want or...
my 6w7 mother was 40 years on stage as a singer. school-leaving qualification? intellectual? zero. and the 8w9 son has at least a law exam.
yeah, there is something ninish in you. if you're a core 8w9. if you have a 8w9 or 9w8 gutfix. anyway.
well, normally i rather get female 6s from behind than vice versa. but that's not what you mean. i know.
yeah, maby it has also more to do with my perpective to see the positive sides in people or to underestimate them...  anyway what counts for me is what i see.   yeah, reactive in the 8 or 6 sense...
yeah, one gut type bear ( not your ex though) even typed you as 9..
nearly all my gfs were 9s. my range of options seems to be within the 9w1 to 9w8 frame. and when i would die tomorrow i can tell you i had the most wonderful gfs on this planet.
yeah, he is sx first or middle , right?  i mean, i am prolly sx -last. double gut and sp/so is a bit too much (simple, blunt, direct, pure, dry, crude, natural , homebaked, fanciless and honest)...
what a pity...some image type women are damn attractive.. i mean, not you.  i do not see you as an image type, i mean...grin
yeah, overscenarioizing is normal and essentiel for the head triad. take it easy.:wink:
:laughing:
the only thing i can say, i know a lot of people. and in my world i nearly only see sp/so and sp/sx. i nearly only see gut types , 6s and 7s... in my world there are nearly no sx-firsts and no...
no, the question has to be which type you personally see as the most evil as measured by your personal experiences.  and also this question would be kind of wrong as the evilness you may percieve...
sx/so 3w4.
show a vid of yourself.
yeah, in my understanding he is sx/so with strong social second as a so/sp wing or shift is strenghtening social second. he looks cold and hot at the same time. hot-blooded/ unapproachable. his...
yep, sx/so 8w9 in my book.
yep, malcolm x is so/sp 6w5 in my book.
evidence... needing evidence or proof is a good criterion for the pattern of 6 or cp 6 rooted in the doubting mind (obidience/ counterobidience) because of overestimation of authority ( leading...
literature suggests? make own thoughts i suggest. threats...?! where? the next one who sees attacks and threats. i mean , ok, it's normal with entropic.  but now also his nanny feels...
well, dynamic fits more 6 and 8w7. 8w9 is more steady , if you want. yeah, it's a pendulum between phobic and counterphobic swings. nevertheless you can find a rather audacious tendency with sx 6s...
you can easily drive yourself through physical pain. pffft. what a big mouth.  yeah, i can easily give you physical pain so that you go on your knees and scream :  please, stop!  welcome back...
http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/PersonalityCafe/misc/quote_icon.png Originally Posted by Noir http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/PersonalityCafe/buttons/viewpost-right.png  ...
http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/PersonalityCafe/misc/quote_icon.png Originally Posted by Entropic http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/PersonalityCafe/buttons/viewpost-right.png     6s...
yeah, i have been reported again by the cafe legend, right? again an infriction for insulting him...  yeah, it's strange that you see it as an insult when you type someone's enneagram type...
arguments...i don't need arguments..  it's obvious.  i mean, look at you.
attacking your character...grin...makes me intellectually disingenuous.. poor little thing...it almost breaks my heart.  you feel attacked, so much the better, maby you wake up this time...
yeah, you can vote on my phototyping poll if   http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-enneagram-type/773570-so-sx-sp-so.html
yeah, you go about things differently as you seem gutish to me.
i show you a good example in my understanding for becoming arrogant and competitive when stressed or going to unhealthy 3 :
especially sx 6s (or second sx 6s partially) can rather ignore security or comfort and serenity. all the more when they have an 8 gut fix. there you can find their tendency for audacity instead. in...
thanks
can you elaborate on these different reasons?
well, what do you believe shows that statement about you in terms of the difference between cp6 and 8...grin?
yeah... i have a dejavu...grin... see above... same skewed copy stuff again... as i said on the eidb before. learn independently.make own thoughts. have own ideas.
that's inaccurate in my opinion like the stuff you have written on your short trip on don richard riso's former enneagram institute discussion board, to put it mildly.  on the eidb ( and other...
change Berlin into Bärlin . if you don't have ä then change Berlin into Bearlin.  thanks
aha...    youve just stated that 468 seems to fit just fine from what you've seen.  ive asked you  how.  and now youre saying:  A lot of eight here. Or counter phobic six. .... A lot of...
aha. well then...
aha. well then...
you dunno?  but youve just stated that 468 seems to fit just fine from what you've seen:    and that's why ive asked you  how.
there are no assumptions with distortions.  again youre twisting things... in truth you have presented the test results saying case closed at the end of the post as if the test would prove...
as ive been reported and ive never reported her until now watch this:  countless insults by karmachameleon...some examples:  1....
Im not taking a test as fucking proof which you would know if you had read through this thread and not just popped up here with assumptions. :)  He's been going to old posts ive made and quoted me...
how?'"


801: ok so i have an ego. i will not try to hide it. but the POINT of this forum to to DISCUSSE what pisses OTHER people off about INTPs. if you want to talk trash about me or any other ENTJ then you can...
Good policy. i feel the same way.
1. quite a few ENTJs will admit that they are wrong so long as you have a logical agrument that will convince them to change there position. to a point i dont mind people bring up the fact that i was...
that seems to be a big problem for me on here. what i think is clear is not clear to others. i appoliges for any miss understanding.
i can understand where your coming from. i dont get along very well with some ESFJs either but on the other side of the coin some of my best friends are ESFJs.i guess it depends on the personality of...
well money is a last resort. i would much rather have cash then a check and i would perfer both over a gift i did not ask for.  anyone else have the problem were you have to many friends and family...
one thing i have yet to see is anyone define stupiedity are we talking about anyone with a lower IQ then you or someone retarded. there is a big difference. i know some retarded people with a higher...
RL means Real Life.
how poetic it really rings true
i dont have to win. i just dont like be tricked and made to think i looked like a fool. INTPs are normaly the ones who do that do me. And then they (the INTPs i know in RL) just can't stop bring up...
point and case about what pisses me off. people who try and do this shit to me are normaly the ones i beat the shit out of in RL. It is just hard to tell when they do it over the internet. and lucky...
i stand by what i said and the values i up hold. Stupiedity can be overcome and/or be overshadowed by other qualitys a person might have just how you Girls would never merry a guy just because he...
Your not the first to tell me to learn how to spell however that is an order i shall take into consideration. weight the pros and cons. and ulitmently throw out due to the fact that i beleave that...
hey we have a thread for religion   BS is easy to preform all you have to do is to play on the stupiedity of others and just sound like you know what your talking about.
... wow...just wow...:confused:....you wouldnt happen to work in a scintific field would you. Cause you sound like a frecken textbook. Come on man is this really how you talk around your friends....
Well this from was only ment to find out about What you guys thought about the streotype we ENTJs have as power mad jerks. clearly that is not the case however i feel that some of you took the...
Welcome then and i loved the intro hope you have fun
Well its not that i am shy personaly the persents i want other people feel are crappy gifts. The best gifts for me are ones that i can use. So one time around christmas i wanted to crave some...
Watch yourself girl. that is pure attack on your part with no logic or reason behind it other then the urge to piss us NTs off. those are my own personal choices and ii beleave that if you shall not...
That is a load of BS i am 18 and i have a ton of power and influnce on alot of important local people. i have impressed them and they intrun have voed to help me along in my career. but power can...
i have a to-do-list  items 1. over throw boss 2. fire that guy by the watercooler that is always making fun of me 3. try to get a date with the hot co-worker 4. ruin iinsureance company's...
hey i dont mean to be off topic but has anyone ever noticed how few of us there are? there are very few ENTJs compaired to the rest of the other personailtys. i was watching a documentery on...
Not true, Not true at all There are several pathways to authority with out haveing to take orders the main way is to free yourself from the control of others. people have a very extrem mind set....
well do you have power and if so how did you get it and why do you still hold on to it?
i see you point about the dangers that could stem from a faulty hypothetical worldview. a wonderful expamle of this we can find in artilery.guessing the flight path of the fired shell can mean the...
interesting points i would have to say i wouldnt mind dating someone stupied if they were hot. it might not last but i wouldnt mind it. the revsiers is exactly the same. smart but not hot is...
We have all heard the styerotype-ENTJs are always looking for a way to gain more power. That they want to control others. That they want to rule the world!  Well i am asking you guys do you want...
1.i have tried grammer school and this is the end result. no they will not refund my money. however, i think it is a great improvement over what my grammer used to be.   2.i dont care if u seem...
1. get over yourself. your only sad cause you feel that what i have said applies to you. If this is true and i feel like you have a Huge Ego then your well on your way to deflating it. 2.Go look at...
is there a difference between bullshiting and making what u beleave to be a logical guess
I find INTPs so annoying. they are like that kid back in school who had very few friends and considered thenself better then anyone esle. they could always find fuilts with others works but never...
More like when confronted at all not just with emotions.
I guess it depends on the person if  and also the topic i will BS them.When i do BS i do it based off logic and experinces i have had. one time i had to do some public speaking for a class and i had...
i know what a type 8 is what i want to know is he telling me i am one or that i should fine one by the way i already know i am a type 8.  Again bowl of fun??
forcing someone like what your mom did  is only ever going to get the person to hate something. i am looking more for they can do it and will consider it an option in there arisnal.  well no i...
i dont know who they are all i know is that they wake me up at 5:00 Am and the go on to try to force a load of BS on me. Surely its not just mormons who do this kind of crap
Again important feed back being an ENTJ type i normaly dont consider feelings to be all that important, so i dont normaly consider others feelings. however most of the ISFJ i have....Helped(might be...
And those we ENTJs have logicaly discovered how the magic of romaince works
i dont mean to push them past what they can endore. maybe i used a bad choice of words there. maybe start off by getting them to make decisions in a small group (1 or 2 other people at most) setting...
-Rowan  Good for you man. its good to see a ISFJ stand up for themselves, but how you think yelling and screaming is the dark side side for you i dont get. i do understand compassion. you sir are...
i think you should be more scared of an ENTJ like myself. we manipulate people and we have a perpose for doing so. i would think that an ENTJ women if she ever took it into her mind to do so would...
the point of this thread? not sure if there is one just thought it might be fun.:laughing: you do know what fun is troisi right?
Ok here is a big question. Who else hates those christains that come around every sunday morning at 5 am and try to convert you to christainity and they will not go away until you are converted? Has...
I hope you do know that at some point your going to have to talk about the elephant sitting next to you.
its funny. i like to put ISFJ people in the spotlight just to see how they will react.they will sirpress you when force them to be confrontatione. I have found that most of them tend to very good at...
I have gotten into a fist fight before with 6 big guys to defined my honor/reputation and more importantly my friends ended up with a broken arm and nose but i think i came off the better in that...
i see myself as a bear. lumbering awquered, gentel until pissed off then a mighty swing of the paw sends my foe crashing to the ground, and then i return to my normal life as if nothing had happend.
Boy can i relate to this. i had this chick friend who was just like this. worst of all she decided to make me the person she went to for all her problems. so i had to put up with all her shit and it...
i find its a fun topic to talk about, but not one to be leacutered on or be preached to about.
Love it man :laughing:"


821: 'I usually cry out of self pity, or fantasizing about sad tragic possibilities. Deep down I'm an emotional masochist, I guess?  I don't cry at any songs or movies, never a my faith in humanity is...
xNFJ.
Twilight: ISTJ, no doubt in my mind. Fluttershy: IxFx. Fluttershy seems to be more of a concept of a personality than an actual character, in all honesty. They haven't developed or revealed enough...
There are flaws and slight contradictions in MBTI as there are in all theories.
29 Sanguine, 14 Melancholy, 64 Choleric, 29 Phlegmatic.
Chocolate cake. IT made my teeth hurt and gave me bad breath.
It doesn't matter what your type is, more if you fit into the conventional ideals of beauty and are involved in some activity in your school that creates popularity among the general student body...
It depends on the culture and their feminine ideal. I've seen in anime (suggesting that it is relevant to Japan,) that INFP girls are the feminine ideal. In America the perfectly flawed female is an...
I'm pretty ambiverted but identify with the ENTJ cognitive functions. I prefer the night, and no I don't like parties. I've naturally gravitated to a dusk to dawn schedule (being awake when the sun...
Any feeler is potentially frightening to me.
I personally think a world revolving around the MBTI would be terrible. Inaccurate assumptions on a person based on their MBTI. Coaching children for careers based on how efficient an authority might...
I can't stop watching the GIF in your signature.   I don't actually know if I'm an ENTJ, by the way, the functions seem to make enough sense for now though. Hahah.
My mother and father are INFJs and I would agree that they (especially my mom,) were selfish and conditional with their emotional support.  Not to mention they would critique me the way OP says...
Thank you for the welcome, everyone.
I've never had an STJ friend who was a peer, so I wouldn't know about that. Sounds like I should get one drunk sometime and observe what happens.
Mom, dad - INFJ Half-sister is only 13 but she's probably an IxFJ, maybe a thinker but she's extremely sensitive. Brother.. I want to say INTP but he's also extremely sensitive.   Now that I...
To be fair, STJs are often the party poopers in real life too. The ones calling the cops when some kids are loitering around on the sidewalk.
On this forum there seems to be a distinct prejudice against sensors. I've noticed a lot of Ns acting as if Ss have the inability to grasp anything, as if they are as deep as a puddle. It's...
I might have a slight problem with dating an Se Dom, or an extremely disorganized P (not in the material sense, but one who is always flaking on me, forgetting my orders, enabling me to be lazy, who...
I would say INTP, actually. The longing to join the other children but the inability to find them amusing could easily represent inferior Fe. I think when we speak of our inner thoughts and...
I'm an ENTx and my interest in architecture is similar to your interest in engineering. I was thinking of minoring in engineering. It's the drive to create and design.. I'm an artist and designer,...
His ex doesn't have to be in your life, yours doesn't have to be in his. Neither of you are obligated to talk to each others exs, but YOU can talk to whoever you want to as can he. He might just be...
I like cats. From what I've seen, I think that means I'll fit in here.  To tell a bit about myself, I fit in the Generation Z age group, 8 or 1 enneagram type (not sure,) xNTx MBTI. If you'd like to...
Hahah, I admit that was a bad choice of words. I meant to suggest that they would prefer socializing with people outside of MBTI context, preferring to make their own judgments and come to their own...
It comes down more to personal interests, and maybe even things like spirituality and interest in personal growth. I think ESFJ, ESTJ and maybe ESFP/ESTP would be the least likely to venture in...
I think you're relying on a lot of stereotypes. These adjectives could be according to anyone. For example, I'm an NT and I'm a creative idealist loner who is attracted to sad things, and identify to...
What made you uncertain of your type?  Do your MBTI results and your Cognitive Function results differ greatly and/or seem to contradict? Summarize your personality as a child. How did you interact...
I can understand that. But I think it's a good starting point and gives some insight outside of MBTI and Cognitive function tests which can be altered by self perception. That's where I've been...
I haven't watched Adventure Time adamantly, I've seen probably 30-40 episodes. Finn seems to be ESFP, Princess Bubblegum ENTJ. Dunno about Jake and Marceline.
I'm beginning to think more and more that I am an ENTJ. Definitely can see myself fitting into OCPD at times.
Honestly, I got 100 on the first. I didn't notice it until I switched the page, I just noticed that my tab was way higher than the average.  38 on the second. It was really easy for me, I would see...
I definitely see Se and Fi. I agree that you're ISFP. You probably have developed intuition or your self perception influences the way you answer cognitive function questions.
This was extremely helpful for me, personally. I scored very high on the first test and WAY below average on the second. My result: Based on your performance on this test, you are better at...
Hello. I've take multiple tests (MBTI, Cognitive Function, Socionics) and the results are always unclear. I generally test as INTP on MBTI tests, ENTJ or INTJ on cognitive function, and INTj on...'"


830: 'Sorry I still can't determine the order, right now I have you as xNFP leaning INFP.  Maybe you can tell us about your childhood.  What were you like as a child?  Were you always looking for new...
Looks like we made a hasty call.  I'll do my own analysis when I have time.  Thank you Fried Eggz
Ok, I have your functions down, now to determine the order. I'm pretty sure I have the order down as well, but the answer to these questions will confirm it.   Your confusion is probably coming...
ShinyPsyduck ok some more questions. Pick an object nearby, tell us what it is.  Now take 5 minutes to think about it, tell us everything that came to your mind.
Okay, I was just goofing off, but now I suppose I have to try and type VelociRational now.  VelociRational can you fill out the following? 0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer...
You're right what you wrote was very dry and boring.
:) It was meant to be baseless. Because you are clearly not an INTP, I thought it was a joke and if it wasn't it should be. hahah j/k,  If it counts for anything, I think you're cool
Because :)
From your earlier posts it was easy to quickly find that you are an extrovert and that it is your Intuition which is extroverted and dominant.  However it was unclear what your auxiliary was because...
arkigos How organized do you to think of yourself as? Hahaha good one  I meant short within the context, although I might have misread this one as it seem she reached a funny conclusion about the...
It comes from mastery of your world, until you figure out people you won't extrovert with them, rather outwardly controlling ideas and objects instead.  You will try to control or interact with...
Te is extroversion on things, a strong Te can even view people as just another thing to move, corral, control, etc.
Conclusion INTJ - I didn't feel like I needed to respond since  Vive has already presented my view.
You are an ENTJ.  An impatiant an immature one.  Not in a bad way, you just need to mature.  An INTJ spends more time in thier inner world (Ni), they peice it together beter and have a better...
Oh I did miss the point.  Thanks
arkigos very convincing. So you see Aux Se vs Tert Se which isn't much of a difference really.  But we disagree on Te and Ti... Interesting
OK this confirms Fe and Ti.  You are an ENTP.  I'll give you a full analysis tomorrow.
All types would have a blind spot, let's see for INFP it might be a disdain for outward organization.  And thus making navigating their world more difficult than it need be.  But then again the...
ok it's late so this is going to be stream of conscious.  Ni - I don't think it's like a spark, it seems to be always on for me.  My wife picked up a children's book and about two pages in she...
The way I experience Ni is in visions, which I then communicate as metaphors. For instance we needed to create a process which spawns off child processes which come back to the parent.  But the...
I type you as an ENTJ  and possible INTJ I will follow up with analysis later.
Within the framework of mbti I have come up with a hypothesis on how personality develops in an individual.  This may not be new, and certainly has no bearing on any real studies.  It is a model just...
No
I have to say that the opposite of INTP in cognitive functions is not INTJ it's ISFP.  And by behavior it's probably ESFJ  Opposing attitudes might be hard to grasp but can lead to the same...
I disagree I am seeing INFJ In fact you seem to be a very strong Ni, maybe too strong, if you see a better idea but don't want to change it's probably because you don't want to go through the mental...
Fill this out  0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information...
Can you answer the following questions to help in the typing process?  A chart is shown to you with no key.  There are three colors being used red green and yellow, but they don't seem to be...
lol  It wasn't until you said this And yes it's not that easy typing young people. Sorry. :(   That I was sure about seeing Fi in you.  By the way you seem like a really cool person. What's...
I am pretty sure you did mistype yourself, and you are indeed ENFP.
You're either an INFP or an ENFP. I am leaning INFP but I really have no idea.  You said you mull over things more often, but what would you prefer to be doing?   how I feel...Fi  Yes Te ...
If I have to decide now, I would say ENFP!  But I can't be certain.  lol, sorry maybe someone else can give this a shot.  Here's a question, how do you feel when someone tells you in an emotional...
ok, another question.  What are some of your favorite ideas and describe to us why you like it. I'm starting to see that it's not easy to type young people.
I have no influence on your impression of ENTJ's.
I presume the funding for free access to well funded public schools must come from taxes.  Do you believe in progressive tax, and how does this not impinge on economic freedom?  In other words what...
I can safely say that you are an INFP.  And you sound pretty balanced.  Or you are a stressed/strange xSTJ. Don't look at the profiles to type yourself, they are averages at best, and probably...
Because there is nothing which tells me that you are blatantly Ti or Te, and Fe or Fi.  It's not clear how you are making your judgments.  It seems that your Ne dwarfs everything else, and it...
In most cases useful definitions are all that you need.
OK I am going with ENTP for now, although you sound like me when I was younger, there is just something about the way you like to expound on an issue continually, and the self confirmation bit that...
When you joke around do you ever find yourself making personal attacks on people just for the fun of it?  Sort of like a kind ribbing?  Are you religious?  And if so why?  If not why?  When you...
I am going with ENTP for now, but I need more information, this could take awhile.  The only thing I can say at this point for sure is Ne Dominant.  And everything seems to be pointing to ENTP. ...
Ok let's try this look out your window and tell us your impressions of it.
Sorry a few more questions.  When you hear a new idea how do you react internally, and externally?  Do you like planning?  If so give an example.  While driving to work or school you encounter...
Everyone get's angry, don't beat yourself over it.  And many people don't show it and keep their anger and sadness hidden from the world.  I have some more questions if you have the patience for...
I agree with Promethea, using the profiles to type yourself leads to all kinds of problems, including like Promethia said trying to fit the mold.  But there is value to understanding the cognitive...
I have a good idea already but fill this out just to make sure. 0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications,...
Sorry I still have no idea... lol I have some follow up questions.  find out how to fix it  How would you go about finding out how to fix the car? Find a picture on the inter-webs, paste the...
I have a good idea but I would like you to answer these questions.  I probably repress my sensitivity due to the fact I am quite sensitive to criticism  What specifically about criticism are you...
Fill this out 0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information...
Fill this out 0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information...
When you have a conversation with someone, you may tend to think to yourself that they would not reach the same conclusions if only they were set straight, or had the same knowledge as you.  You are...'"


832: 'One of my best friends is an INTJ.  He approached me in college. I adore his brain juices.
Perhaps you should consult a doctor?
Malaysia... o.O why? is it relevant?
If you look pretty, you look pretty no matter what hairstyle you have and what shitty clothes you wear(most of the times).  If you look ugly, you're gonna look ugly no matter what hairstyle you have...
You can ask your friends if they want to give a gift to the professor as well, if they want to you can share the price of the gift with them.  Then you can give it as a gift from a group of students...
ooopsss... sorry i didn't get it
I have a sensor friend, he's deeper than me.  *true story*
The Road Not Taken by Robert Frost - Most Misinterpeted Poem in America - Yahoo! Voices - voices.yahoo.com  Not to offend but just to let you know. I read somewhere that this poem is widely...
Barry: Vincent Van Gogh. Everyone said to him, You can't be a great painter, you only have one ear. And you know what he said? I can't hear you.  - Dinner for Schmucks  You laugh at me...
I set long term goals.  I use my short term goals to help achieve my long term goals.  If I were to just focus on a long term goal, i'll probably be very very bored.  So i have short term goals and...
thanks... that's very helpful ....
Hi all.. since i'm quite new here.. am i? here's a picture of me looking bored and a bit tired   61590
I sing! and i play the piano and guitar too.. haha...
If you really like movies that makes you cry a lot, i have a recommendation.  It's not a movie but a Japanese series: 1 Litre of Tears/ Ichi Rittoru no Namida.   ...
I have an close ENFJ friend.  He gets mad at me for no reasons and we fight quite often but the frequency reduces as we learn.  I guess we ENTJs have to be very careful to not to hurt ENFJs...
I find it hard to cry at Titanic.. haha.. i don't know why.. it amuses me when both my sister and aunty cried watching Titanic.
drugs + other kinds of assistance
What about an optimistic ENTJ who can see past people's flaws and see the potential that most people can't see?  Isn't this weird?  I'll still good at analytical things though.
yup... when i'm depressed i try to do that too. Being productive gives me satisfaction. But clinical depression is due to chemical imbalance in the brain.  Therefore, it requires medical assistance. ...
Ahhhh... I see now. Thanks a lot.. sorry for troubling though . I really couldn't understand. Now i understand
What? no.... He sent a text message one night some time before the fight and told me that I'm a very good friend of his and how he appreciates me being his friend.  I was surprised and confused at...
i see... that's interesting.  nope, it's not a rhetorical question...
ok. i understand
it's strange but transformers 2 made me cry, when bumblebee sacrificed itself... LOL...
Is 'Lemony Snicket's a series of unfortunate events' dark enough?
Grimm, if you like fantasy and mystery.
That's for you to find out and for me to know.  because someone who was very dear to me liked to use it when he still liked me
DOn't ask me, i don't understand too.. i only look for the translated lyrics   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7_lSP8Vc3o
ENTJ .. i like korean pop... some of american pop, pop-rock, band, club hits, electronic, dance songs, a little techno is fine, ballads are nice too.. but usually upbeat, powerful/sophisticated songs
When I was still in high school, I had clinical depression.  I couldn't handle taking exams, couldn't sleep, couldn't go to school for some time couldn't do anything in my daily life.  I feel obliged...
There was a guy who liked me terribly a lot during my high school days.  He was also one year younger than me.  One day while he was singing on the mic with the band, I thought it sounded terrible. ...
It's ok. Thanks for answering my question.  But if i do not like him, do i still ask him whether there are feelings involved?
Hi all *waves hand and smiles*  I have a question about a friend, but i think it's still under relationships right?  So I have this ISTJ friend.  I value him a lot because he's always there to help,...
I really don't want to ask so many questions here.. However, I've read your post several times and I couldn't understand this sentence.  Do you mind to explain it for me? I'm pretty confused here @.@...
when you spend hours cracking your brain trying to figure out a maths question and feels excited by torturing yourself like this.  *true story*
if this is correct, all of them are either SF or NF no wonder they are much more united compared to other groups
=) glad that you enjoyed sharing.  I'm doing much better compared to when I was in my lowest moments but sometimes I still feel the effects of all these experiences and they're terribly painful, but...
I might be wrong about ENTP's... but... ENTJ's at war? that's weird...
i see.. haha.. i gave him a good scolding when i finally could not take it... now he seems fine, but i don't know if he'll do this again
hmmm... thanks for the insight, but I don't that he likes/liked me.  doesn't seem like it... now i'm confused @.@ but thanks though, i'll keep this in mind.  Not to offend anyone, but... is it common...
Sometimes, I wish I'm a guy... It seems to be loads of fun and excitement! I can get drunk too. Has anyone ever wondered why did our ancient ancestors decided that children should have the surname of...
Current: Engineering student Future: CEO Ideal: Singer/Perfomer LOL
Wedding.  I dreamt of a wedding.. Oh... and wedding night... but it's blur... haha... But i rmb kiss in the next day... Shit.. what's wrong with me?
I look younger, but I behave more maturely than my peers.  It's GOOOD! I guess ... Oh, one of the benefits of a girl looking younger is that you get lots of affection and protection. Haha... People...
stuff poop in your mouth! muahahaha!
Find your strengths, recognize your strengths, use them, develop them.  Look for your weaknesses, try to strengthen yourself.  This one sounds lame and old, but recognize that you are one in...
Wow... I have to say that I'm baffled to read this post.  Thanks for sharing with me.  I feel very much encouraged.  I never had the chance to meet many ENTJs in real life and an ENTJ with a problem...
Hey, you guys, I'm reading you know? Can't you give me a bit of respect? No, @bionic, I'm not trolling.      For Christians, God cares about you even if it's a small thing.  I don't think you...
It tickles when people say that they are scared of us. Haha... But no, I am conscious of how I feel. but I do think my feelings often get into the way of me dealing with things and makes me...
you seem to have had terrible experiences with ENTJ.'"


836: 'I'll make an example of your post.   Too much word.  I read the first few paragraphs then realized there is too much of a time commitment and too many details involved in your post. ...
Gameday. However me and the girl on my right acted as news reporters for the student tv station that morning.
Haha I plead the fifth. I didn't realize it looked quite like that.  I've been working in general lately on more teeth for pics. I show teeth in day to day life but pics are staged and make it hard...
Not much. Turn naps into social time.   I go to bed at 11 on a really good night. Hw plus social commitments keep me out pretty late sometimes. Bed has been between 1 and 3 am a lot lately but I...
It's many individual commitments so there is no one thing I think about more than a few hours out of the day. But I always find myself going from one action item to the next. Today being an away game...
It's rare for there to almost ever be a photo of me with an actual smile and teeth. Considering that, this one is worth a share! ...
Bolderousness  The ask a question at times to stay focused helps. And I will say they've done economic research about computer note taking and it being worse. My intermediate macro professor showed...
I'm a little less structured then others have responded but straight As in college is my current main stretch goal and so far I'm doing a good job with 65 hours already under my belt.   1. Be a...
How do you guys know you're overcommitted? I'm in student faculty research. A leader in two clubs both of which being some of the largest and highest budget on campus, one basically a fully...
Sauce?
I'm a lot less of a hard ass on others then I used to be. People that had very different types then me used to be judged. Now I feel myself spending more time judging those similar to me that are not...
Try me. The best thing ever is attempting to be casual but being unable to resist you.
Honesty. It's a virtue.
*in the long run*  I have my own lack of sanity at times and I wouldn't mind an assistant to explore some of my dark sides. I'm afraid you are not her only option.
Rain puts me in a kinky mood.  A storm or hurricane gives me a nice overwhelming sense of power. It really does sound like a great combination.
When the cane hits and the power goes out there are only so many ways to entertain ones self and their guests...
Lol. I'll draw up a graph for you sometime, my white board is occupied right now.
No, please. Anything but coding speak.
The interesting thing is that the class is hosted by our privately funded institute for the study of capitalism. It has bank and Koch brother money all over it. Which would make you expect...
You're crazy if you don't pop a lady boner to graphing GDP and calculating growth rates for nations and applying the  Solowx96Swan Growth model! And that's just the first 3 lectures *Dreamy Eyes*.
For some reason my memory served that you arnt even white lol.  I'm all for history classes being a chance to speak of moral philosophy and deeper greater meanings. But it shouldn't be a buzzword...
Did you really not expect that?  Majority or regular history classes spend less time talking about history and more time making you feel sorry for every wrong your nation did much less one...
There is a hurricane brewing out at sea. Should be raining most of next weekend here...
Sure sure.  I'll pack a hammock. Ill have you know though that I'm not sold yet. Therefore I plan to take you to the biltmore estate of the Vanderbilt industrialist. I hope to gather my opinion on...
It is too loud here. Too many words. I would rather take you someplace quiet. Go for a mountain drive. Spend most of the way up discussing elaborate theories or simply quiet providing time for our...
Psst. You there. Yes, you.
I got in trouble tonight for checking perc one too many times on a date lol.
Engage with them. Sell us on the fact that at least YOU care about the material. Prove to me why you are qualified to be teaching and not someone else and make me feel that your comparative advantage...
Uhhh huh...
I mean she wasn't flawed but far too innocent for any male over 16 to feel comfortable flirting with.  My thought process and I shared with with my date, was more along the lines of she has good...
Gave my first big tip last night.  The server was sweet, kind, and timid. A young maybe 16 barely 17 year old infp. Quiet calm and caring she drew pretty pictures on the receipt.  ...
https://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170831/ace18c608d363f9becec8541f9c1625a.jpg  Rainy days put me in a certain mood.
maust  I am so pleased that when I have pmed you with relationship advice you didn't shit on my situation as hard as you just did haha!
Close.  But I know you like me is a turn off.  Yes. You should know I like you and should show you know you deserve my attention and confidence. But stating it sounds like a coverup for...
Lol bpd and substance abuse self medication. Literally my most recent ex. I put up with the bpd for a long time but damn who she became over the past summer was god awful. Who first came to mind for...
Sane. It's just about all I've ever asked for.
It usually means you internalized and didn't communicate factual and tactile issues along the way and now basic emotions are billowing out with the root causes still hidden.   Essentially we see it...
John Adams and the spirit of liberty!
^^^^
https://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170828/0002e71f56b2fa9832bd555cdfc9efa5.jpg  Shitty info graphic works
Let Virtue address me: x93Which, dear youth, will you prefer, a life of effeminacy, indolence and obscurity, or a life of industry, temperance and honor? Take my advice; rise and mount your horse by...
My quick litmus test is usually are they a boss or a leader
Same as him I don't drink coffee.  I've had alcohol for light social occasions in intimate settings and may be open to other things in similar areas. However I am very respectful of my body and...
Legality is of least concern to myself and other entjs to my knowledge.   The legality of a substance is on the bottom of the list for my decision making process in weather or not I would like to...
All actions of today are made to ensure that the mistakes of yesterday do not repeat themselves tomorrow.   The future is a direct function to the past with the variable being today.
^^^^
I'd want to witness some of the biggest moments of m own life from the outside.  Is that cheating?
I wouldn't because like... don't mess with time lol.   However if I did and it happened in a vacuum without negative consequences. I'd love to go back to the late 1800 early 1900s with some form of...
I'd wake up tomorrow with a mind control ability and use it very very very sparingly.  Knowing my death is within one year I'd live a life so reckless I'd likely die well before then. Ideas of...
Dear intj,  You seem kinda gross and unhealthy. Distance is good for me.  Dear enfj,  Thank you. Your embrace makes everything better and every minute and hour with you is always fantastic. ...'"


848: 'LOL. Don't be jelly, you're invited to the table. :D  (I actually eat very healthy and have to because I have celiac disease.)
Pollock fish battered in gluten-free bread crumbs wrapped in apple smoked bacon on a bed of spinach with red peppers, onions, broccoli, sunflower seeds, and honey mustard dressing.
I wasn't talking about the historical reasons for marriage. Just the reasons I've currently observed.  I think the historical reasons of marriage would be another thread topic to explore.
https://remediated.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/scientists-meme.png
http://assets.diylol.com/hfs/b78/4d9/bbf/resized/science-major-mouse-meme-generator-drink-budweiser-forever-see-logo-as-cyclohexane-chair-conformer-6e59ab.jpg
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/914/708/a42.png
You're the ones who couldn't be upfront and honest.  Science has found a new cure for your epidemic.:  http://images.sodahead.com/profiles/0/0/3/3/4/0/0/7/9/butthurt-93882601337.jpeg#butthurt
I think the frustrations should be directed at Mr. Whitebread up above talking about some weirdo creationist talk. ^^  Anyway, TO SAVE THE BUTTHURT: ...
So why don't you just say Hey Bio, cut the typing of people to me directly.... instead of making passive-aggressive comments that are obviously directed toward me?  I'm not gonna stop either way....
I'm pointing out the inconsistencies. I never implied not to like or appreciate them.
ENTJ Scientific/Mathematician Notables:   Nassim Taleb Paul Ehrenfest Srinivasa Ramanujan Paul Erdős Murray Rothbard Thomas Sowell R. Buckminster Fuller Rabinarth Tagore
No scientist mentioned in this thread is an ENTJ.   Bill Nye = ENTP Michio Kaku = ENTP (I actually know him IRL. He was my professor for astronomy. His teaching style is very ENTP. Even talking to...
75F & UP in a humid climate is too much for me. I can bear 90F in a non-humid climate though. I prefer non-humid climates tbh.
Yeah probably... which ones did you take?  Maybe this will explain it better: Enneagram Tritype
I don't think this is a type kind of thing. Your bro is just lazy and unmotivated... and all dat glorious MaryJane is cooking his brain cells.  Look, you can't control people and what they do. You...
Going by the info, you cannot have two instinctual types in your triad. The instinctual types are: 8,9,1... The head types are: 7,6,5...and the heart types are: 3,4,2. So it looks like you'd have to...
Ya. It sucks though cause no one speaks it at home so I've lost a lot of it. Re-learning a language truly is like training your muscles again. I warn you, the app is SUPER addicting but at least it's...
ISTJs and ISFJs... sometimes ESFPs but they're too flippant for my taste.
Now I'm unemployed. :( :( :( I have no sheep to drunkenly herd.     This is more like it. Bow chicka wow wow o/
Nah. I'm Puerto Rican. Spanish was one of my first languages. Have you tried the Memrise app? It's reallyyyy good for beginners. They have all sorts of languages you can learn and you learn how to...
But you has no sheep!!!
My mom and I are relearning Spanish together. But she keeps texting me the weirdest comments during the day. Like... somehow... she learned how to write: The cabbage is rotten and it needs some...
Porque no los dos?  I have testosterone and estrogen, like every other woman.
More like too busy with your left hands.
This just continues to prove my opinion of Seattleans being wayyyyyy too friendly. Ya'll really take it to a new level with the friendliness. It was hard for me to get used to as a NYer.
http://numeroteca.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/this-is-not-america.jpg
So why aren't the ENTJ guys posting pics? Hmmmmmm???
Oh yeah, for sure. I also think that sometimes people just settle when it comes to their partner. Like they feel that they don't deserve anything better, can't find anything better, or don't want...
Oh yeah. SO much gets lost through translation and I think that is how I get into a lot of arguments on the forum. People mistake my sarcasm for seriousness. They don't get my humor. And it ends up...
A lot of people on this forum or on other forums think I'm this outspoken, rude, and aggressive IRL. I'm not. So it's funny to me when I skype with people and they're surprised by my laidback...
http://fc09.deviantart.net/fs70/i/2011/260/8/0/009___blastoise_by_tails19950-d4a53t5.png  I would call myself BLASTOISA!
I see people's auras.... no matter what they're feeling. I feel like that is empathetic enough for me.
Dude. Chill out. Have a drink. Enjoy the moment. Smoke some dro'. Find a nice honey.
I got my last wisdom tooth out. I can eat soft foods at this point but omg. I wanna eat everything I see. I'm also hopped up on painkillers and it feels great.  BTW, Mr Canis  That hello kitty...
I personally think people go into marriage for the wrong reasons.  Like... they'll do it for financial reasons, to have stability, to have children, to be a stay-at-home mom/dad, to get away from...
I'm proud of my natural botox lips too. Feeeelinnggg mahselfff~  http://i1168.photobucket.com/albums/r499/evilasting/GREYBLUOCT14x1_zpsipjhn3ix.jpg
If they're disorganized.
http://i1168.photobucket.com/albums/r499/evilasting/20140918_183547_zpsqhtljhyg.jpg
A Clockwork Orange
I need to get my ass back to working out after finals are done. Too stressed out right now.  But my aim with be to do 150-200 jump ropes a day and some kettlebell workouts once I start.
I always try to know as much shit to get by. If I wanna achieve something, I make sure I know all my shits. If I still know alot of shit and my shits aren't serving me as I like, then I turn it into...
Free thinker
Kay, I'll join you fine ladies. I do notice a trend.... voluptuous lips, deep set eyes, and either round or squares-ish faces. ...
This thread is so wanky. You people never disappoint.   Are relationships hard? No, I don't find them hard. It's all about how you look at the relationship, tbh. Like, I never looked at my...
I've met more awesome INTPs than I have non-awesome INTPs.
Usually when people have concentration issues it could be due to external factors like a poor diet, poor sleep, and all that. Heck, could even be gluten or some other type of food allergy.
I'm indecisive when it comes to ordering my meals or a small decision like that. It truly depends on my mood that day though. If I'm in a bad mood, I'm less likely to make a decision or I'll take...
So to answer your questions:  1. I suck at details so I've really trained myself over the years to be more observant of people and my surroundings. So I've worked on that and just being more...
YAS. If I was Optimus Prime, I would be more perfect than god.
SO...  I had learned that you cannot put too much wheatgrass in a juice shake or you will shit hard poop bricks for days. It has been traumatizing, to say that least, but at least I got the detox I...'"


869: 'According to your questionnaire responses, your attachment-related anxiety score is 3.56, on a scale ranging from 1 (low anxiety) to 7 (high anxiety). Yourattachment-related avoidance score is...
Ah, I see. Well I’ll let him sort it out on his own. I can’t have someone being emotionally dependent.  Thank you so much for all your help(: I really, really appreciate it!!
probably an INFP? not too sure though. I definitely need someone who will help me have a healthy, emotional connection, and that's because I lack in the sentimental area. I actually wouldn't be able...
Haha, you're not alone. I also dislike being around people who I'm not fond of. I become awfully quiet and people have mistaken me (many times) as an introvert. I can also become quiet at times, when...
I think he is conflicted, but it puts the other person (me) in a very conflicting situation. I don’t have that kind of time (going back and forth with someone). It’s mentally and emotionally draining...
Thatx92s very interesting because I do sense that hex92s confused but doesnx92t exactly want to let go. I donx92t exactly think he doesnx92t trust me though. I feel that he does because recently when we spoke,...
If my assumptions about this guy are correct, then can you explain to me as to why an INFP would lie about their feelings?    And I completely agree with you. It’s scary how compatible two people...
ENTJ who has questions for all you INFP’s reading this. I’m stuck in a situation with an INFP (for quite some time) and I’m hoping you guys can help me clear some things up!    I’ve known this INFP...
Transcendence I find your posts on this matter totally spot on!
Completely agree with everything that youx92ve said! Speaking from experience.
I'm 5'2 which is pretty short but I'm totally fine with it, because it suits my personality:)
To the ladies: Would you guys date someone younger than you?
They copied the android format and completely failed in doing so.
Jimmy Kimmel's Mean Tweets actually killsss me! Here's one of them:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTix7FDHZcA
Haha, I was just pondering upon this the other day. I'm in the same boat as you are and I find myself to be awfully critical of others. I believe that's why I cannot spend time with them?
We love it when people challenge us, so that's a must.
You should just apologize and if you don't want to seem vulnerable (something I feel at times when apologizing) make it really casual or formal. Starting off with My apologies... instead of...
I've been told countless of times that I don't look approachable, rather, reserved and distant from people. But when people get to know, I turn out to be the complete opposite from their initital...
If I get tired of waiting, I'll start it!
I love ENTJ's for their honesty. Absolutely LOVE it.
My question to you is would you really want to worship a human? What is exactly so funny about praising a Higher being who is not flawed? Is it not better to praise and thank a Higher being who is...
I'll try to answer as many of your questions! They definitely interest me(: First off I would like to say that I am not a Christian but I'm going to answer your first question from a logical...
I agree with the first part of what you wrote but I don't understand what you are trying to say with the second half. Correct me if I'm wrong but are you trying to say, religion is a significant...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxMWc3fWrso  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHoy86RYe7Y
I'm not quite sure if you misinterpreted my connection with religion and culture because I wasn't trying to state that culture is the culprit. However, I do stand by my point that when comparing...
Pretty opposite to mine, hah. I'm currently an undergraduate student but after I completely university I would love to attend teacher's college and become a teacher for kids in highschool(:
Name: BlackisPerfection. My favourite colour/shade. This quote goes really well with why I chose my name, Black is modest and arrogant at the same time. Black is lazy and easy-but mysterious. But...
1. Thomas Aquinas (100%) 2. Baruch (later known as Benedictus) Spinoza (83%) 3. St. Augustine (78%) 4. Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche (69%) 5. Stoics (69%) 6. Aristotle (65%) 7. William of Ockham...
The Untethered Soul-Michael A. Singer Haven't gotten too deep into the book, but it's absolutely amazing!
Dry, sarcastic and blunt. Never fails to crack me up!
Hm, I believe that it depends on the situation. For example, some people will test their lovers so they will put them on the edge to see if they are worthwhile. In that case, I would say the person...
To be honest with you, I don't trust often so when I do it takes a lot for me to have trusted the person. If they break my trust, I won't ever trust their words again. I find that having your trust...
Yes, exactly! It's such a natural response. It's like something inside turns off and I just simply don't care for the person. But for me nothing will make me feel the same about the person, even...
To me emotions are a really weak thing. So if someone hurts me, I won't show that their words or actions have effected me. Rather, I'll distance myself from them and become extremely cold. But I will...
I would have to say that the clothes I wear define my personality in a sense. My dressing style is usually sleek from what people have told me. I like to look, neat, well kept, clean and have a...
I don't even know how to explain this...Is this a common ENTJ thing? Has anyone ever felt this way and how do you guys deal with it? Do you guys have people constantly chasing after you? I...
Ah, that's interesting. Okay well from my personal experience, I don't just blindly follow. I can see where the problem falls when individuals blindly follow religion. I find that quite weak to be...
Your Life Colors are: Yellow, Violet, Blue This will be interesting to read!  Okay, blue was just not accurate at all, haha. Shoulder to cry on would probably be the most awkwardest situation...
Thank you for the insight! I really appreciate it(: But something I'd like to ask is don't you feel that your rules can change, even though you do anything to hold onto them. Okay so what I'm trying...
I definitely don't cherish the memories. Too many emotions can get you stuck in the past and I absolutely hate having to deal with emotions, it just gets too messy. I try to see it as a lesson...
I study various religions in university and I find it a really interesting thing:) I also follow a certain faith and believe in a Higher being. But why is it that many people feel that religion is...
Your score: 40 0 - 32 = low (most people with Asperger Syndrome or high-functioning autism score about 20) 33 - 52 = average (most women score about 47 and most men score about 42) 53 - 63 is...
I agree with you Benja! I can't exactly explain why I find it strange but why do we carry out this holiday or tradition if it's a lie? If I had children, I would buy them gifts and tell them...
Major in Cultural Anthropology and double minor in Religions and English Literature!
I suggest you start anew, a fresh new start. Do plan out what you want to do with your life though. Maybe writing out what you want to achieve and gain in life may help. It usually does. A lot of...
1 is The Number for me! haha Personally, I don't think we have a lot of partners just because of our high expectations in people. Yeah sure we may be interested in someone but if they can't keep up...
I love the interpretation, I'd have to say that you're spot on!(:
Home, university, coffee shops. And I'm usually alone, enjoying my own company and space, hah!
This world of Ours: This world can easily bring serenity to one’s mind when looked at from outer space. But let’s dive into this world and go beyond blue, green and white. Let’s dive in to notice...
I'd rather keep my inner self to myself. But if I do get the urge, it usually comes out through writing, writing my thoughts away.'"


957: 'At first, it was pure envy. Brother graduates high school in top 10 percent, and I'm barely getting A's in middle school regular classes. Also pure spite. A girl who left me in the dust was in AP...
Look, I respect enthusiasm and personal weight,  but there comes that point where lectures become her excuse to vent about injustice and politics. We get you don't like Trump and racism, now can you...
I'm liking this post purely because someone needs to tell this to my Mexican American history teacher. Sorry, carry on.
Thanks for the resource. I wanna have confidence that something drastic wont happen, but her emotional ventings never sound comforting so this is good to have just in case.
Passive aggression.
If it gets to that level, I wont stand for that shit. If she threatens suicide, I'm just going to walk away after expressing my disapproval. Her life is in her hands after that. I'm fully aware of...
She did CBT. She doesn't go much anymore, though, from what I found out.
Who is saying things are equal?
Fair point.
Yeah. I'm being very careful about telling her what to do and am fine with doing emotional support. I also do occasionally let her know that I'm always there to listen.
Never heard of that specifically. For now, I think general counseling can help alleviate any anxieties about herself and the future. She already has therapy.
She attends therapy for her depression, but that's the most she can do. Counseling sounds like a good recommendation, though.     Ultimately, I think her moving away from her family will do her...
So I have this one INFJ friend who's in her senior year in high school. She has depression, attempted suicide at least once in her life time, and has unhealthy religious parents who either neglect,...
So I have this one INFJ friend who's in her senior year in high school. She has depression, attempted suicide at least once in her life time, and has unhealthy religious parents who either neglect,...
Well to clarify, I was just joking and wasn't making a point by saying what I said. Just trying to bounce off of Ikusagami for shits and giggles. You do you, though. You probably made the better...
I think we're all trolls in our own punch first ask later way.  https://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/lotr/images/6/6b/Hobbler-trolls.jpg  This is the part where I add the :tongue: right?
Yeah. That's one of the ways I thought about when it came to tackling the concept.
It kind of is about sides if that's your mentality. One side that's right, and one side that's wrong. But that's semantics.  Look, we get it. Gender roles are dumb. Now there are many ways to how...
Ah. Honestly, I get where the females here are coming from. I remember being made fun of and ignored because my positive masculine traits weren't well developed growing up. Wasn't athletic, wasn't...
What's the end goal of this thread again? I feel it's lost in between the I'm oppressed stuff and the no you're not stuff. I think we all agree that gender roles are kind of dumb. One side sees...
Can't spell essay without ass. Blech. That was an uncomfortable assignment.
Individual circumstances.
Teeth probably do look more confident and outgoing than stoically staring at the camera.  I was also curious about the event. It looks formal. Casual formal at least.
Another college question. How much sleep do/did you people get?
I swear I've seen something similar to this in The Dark Knight.  http://static1.1.sqspcdn.com/static/f/709071/11213112/1300070040127/batmanbrucefab.jpg  What occasion was it that made you smile...
If it works for you, then it works for you. I'm going to see where I go with my method and am willing to adjust within different classes. As long as I sit close to the professor, then I'm good.  ...
I get ya. The issue for me is that I'm planning to transfer after freshman, but I'll write this down so when I do transfer, I have initiative.   ...
I only see overcommitment if you can't make it work.   Will reply later to college advice when given a computer. Mobile PerC sucks in my opinion.
double post
Alright. Thanks for clarifying. *Cautiously unthanks*
I thought you were saying ENTJs finger the asses, and that people under them appreciates it despite the discomfort.
I think that's very sweet.
I mean, sorry you had such negative experiences with those people. Really, the bully doesn't sound good at all.   That being said, you still have to grow out of those five year old habits from what...
Well you're not better for doing it. I recommend just turning back. I don't see this going anywhere good for you.
Now you just jabbed ENTJs in their Appreciation Thread. Congrats. You did what you just denied.
First, I agree with the OP.   Second, I find it possible to be proud of oneself without accomplishing anything that would earn the attention of a country. I'm proud to be myself because I grew up...
In the same post you reference, the user clearly indicates that it's for jokes and is not seriously typist.
Pet peeves? Well, do you know when you play chess and don't see the bishop's line of trajectory until it's too late?
I don't think in terms of morals. To me, there are three people: There are the people I care about, the people that are merely there, and the people that are assholes. One person can switch between...
I seem to appear as the person who takes advantage of others more so than they take advantage of me. No one seems willing to physically want something from me other than my time for simple small...
Thanks y'all. I'm applying what's said to my habits, and I'm more organized and focused because of it.
Do any of you have study tips for dense college courses like biology?
I like to think I'm selfless I'm selfless with service, not goods. If I can give you my time to benefit people, sure. I don't do it with strangers, but with people who I know who are willing to put...
I've had the I never said that/yes you did? on both ends. Usually, I just try to jog memory by recalling situations or with evidence if it's text based. I have this ability to call it off or...
I'm the type who doesn't really give the needy money anymore. Like, charity organizations are one thing for me. Charity itself is another. If I pay the homeless man one dollar here, what's stopping...
I respect the ENTJs I've constantly interacted with or read from on this site. You know those ones.    Stawker   Ikusagami  Fumetsu  Duo  BIGJake111  MsBossyPants  Mr Canis  Handsome Jack @Vader...
Civility is merely a set of guidelines, and it's a rather subjective one at that. Back in the 1700s, you would call out Duo improper for having an opinion, let alone, talking back to a man. What's...
Totally. Getting into an interesting and respectful discussion over a topic, and explaining our opinions and thoughts over what it means? Fun and engaging.  Arguing our opinions like facts until...
I told someone to fuck off when I was 12 because they mooched off my lunch money. Never went back.
Yeah. I edited my post with logic and walking away because I would let the result of my strategy speak for the rest of the thread. I wasn't going to get into a long and spiteful forum debate....'"


1000: 'I start every single phone conversation with Me: hey Them: response  Me: what ya doin Them: response  Me: cuts off the small talk. Gets directly to the point. Ends conversation.
[QUOTE=Mr Canis;4767045]I understand.  I am just saying that there there are those who with every post, solidify the likelihood they are ENTJ.  There are those, who few of us if any, would dispute...
Most likely you are right due to the odds of everyone here labelled as an ENTJ actually being an ENTJ are probably astronomical. On the other side of that it is almost impossible to tell if whoever...
If I'm drinking straight liquor it's typically patron or grey goose.
Fuck politically correct I always say.
I am NEVER late, to work.
http://personalitycafe.com/entj-forum-executives/181405-things-i-wish-other-people-would-stop-saying.html  Lol
Your test looks almost exactly like mine except my Fi wasn't negative and my Se was slightly higher. Lol
Thanks everyone for the suggestions. A lot if them really interested me. I had Kant, Voltaire, and Scipio all approved so I'll be heading the the library Monday to see who I can get a lot of material...
You should make plans to hang out. Sounds like a good minion in the making you got there.
Scipio has made a close 2nd to Voltaire I believe. I think he will be a very interesting read whether I write about him or not. Immanuel Kant also seemed like a fairly interesting choice.
Hitler has been a hot topic during class. He was actually a top choice but chose not to since the project will be part if my portfolio. Ghandi and Lincoln are already taken.
Thanks for all the great suggestions so far! I've basically just been looking every suggestion up on wiki to see who sounds most interesting to research. I'm pretty interested in the Voltaire...
I have to do a 10 page paper on someone I perceive as having morale courage. We are not allowed to do it on anyone that previous students have written about so most of the usuals are off the table. I...
It was the point that the pleasure from smoking became out weighed by the want to be around for my children's future. Also because I can conquer more if I live longer.
People very well can and do quit smoking overnight.   If you are trying to quit smoking all you are doing is smoking.  To actually quit smoking is the simplest and IMO one of the easiest possible...
I don't see it much differently myself. I've been around enough feelers to typically figure out what you are leading up to.
Oh people can see all they want. It's a personal space thing :p
Pretend air hugs from a reasonable distance*
Definitely way too loyal! Haha! I've never really tried to type any GoT characters myself. Just remembered you mentioned something or other about one of them being an ENTJ.   I'm pretty sure my...
Didn't you refer to Eddard Stark as an ENTJ? He was not evil.
I could see us as being the most misanthropic of the E's but not sure as to why you would connect that trait with the E/I. I don't know if it would connect specifically to any but the N/F seems the...
Sheldon - The capybara is the largest member of the rodent family.  Leonard - What does that have to do with women? Sheldon - Nothing, it was a desperate attempt to change the subject.    Was...
It has been a while since I've seen that movie but that is very much the type of scene I was speaking of. I won't remember it over extended periods like that but I'll mentally reference it again that...
I don't typically go out of my way to be nice but I see my self as a nice person for the most part. The problem is my way of being helpful and nice is seen by others as arrogant or demeaning.
Just because my INFJ doesn't isn't saying that about all NF obviously but it's a possibility. I just pay attention to things in the movie that don't seem to have any big part in the movie but are...
Correct, she's INFJ. I've never noticed her try to predict anything when it comes to movies.
This saying is the reason my wife gets mad at me daily. Haha!
Watched the movie ride along at the theaters with my wife last month. I pointed out at least 5 things before they happened. I think it's fun figuring it out before it happens but probably is...
I can definitely see that. In the environment I was in it was used in a much different reference. I'm a little intoxicated but I think the best I could describe it would be like this. Hey it sucks...
Ok I don't get the hate for the it is what it is. Maybe it's because I'm former military and that's a HUGE saying in the army, where I was stationed at least.
I can't. You can't
I'll be finishing up my associate's degree in May and then getting ready to start up my bachelor's in the Summer. The goal there is to take as many credit hours as humanly possible so I won't be that...
I have an amature knowledge on typing people at best but with what I know I would say the ENTP was the closest but the ESTJ may present themselves in a more similar fashion so to speak.
Dalton  Exactly. It's like I don't remember anything about most of the book but if someone would give me a multiple choice test over the material I would probably score at least a 90% and I would...
I have always made my intentions clear. I would say any type could display the mentioned behavior.
I can miss whole pages while I'm reading because I'll start thinking about what I'm reading but my eyes will keep scrolling right along as if I were still reading. I didn't consciously read any of...
register  Depending on what I'm learning I have those moments of clarity on occasion.   I'm more the person to point out the blatant lie. You just called that shirt purple. That shirt is...
Especially when their rules are stupid.
As Manunkind would say, oh your god! I totally agree with the sickness due to relationship crap that should be confined to its sticky where it belongs.   Ni has actually been at the center of...
I accidentally 1up people. By that I mean they tell a story that reminds me of a similar story. I just follow along with the topic. I can't help it if my stories just happen to be better sometimes....
I like Rice Chex and Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Dear Darth Alpha  Tomato=pizza Enough said.
When I use it, it is typically following a statement that others may perceive as rude, when I mean it jokingly. I guess it helps since I typically come off as an asshole.
Had to go to a convention yesterday at the University I'll be attending for my bachelor's degree. The 1st guest speaker said the one thing new students always ask is how difficult are the courses? I...
Still trying to get my INFJ to realize her hypocrisy. All she talks about is this minority, that minority, these people are being treated badly etc etc. Despite this, as soon as she sees someone who...
If I work with you and you are lazy, I don't like you. If you can't do your job properly, I don't like you. If you get in my way while I'm working, I don't like you. If you think that you are gonna...
My dad is an ESTJ. If I could even explain the amount of senseless nitpicking? when doing chores. I swear he could open the door to the house and see any weed that wasn't cut down to just the right...
Lol. In that case I'll stop trolling your troll post and let you be on your silly little way :p
Well your an xNFx type, so I guess that means your oblivious to reason and like to whine A LOT. Most likely trying to interrupt someone trying to think about more important things and in doing so,...'"


1117: 'Her parents are kind of the go to college = good job people, and they want her to have a stable career. She on the other hand, wants to travel, perhaps teach English in foreign lands (especially in...
I have a friend who is going through this crisis.   She is about to graduate high school, and has absolutely know idea what to do with her life. She doesn't have anything she's really passionate...
I recently met a few waitresses at one restaurant in my town who served for a living. I know that on paper, waiters and bartenders make less than minimum wage because they receive tips, but Ix92m...
Yes. I had one relatively close female friend that was an ISTP. I have three main guy friends: who are an INTJ, INTP, and an ES F/T J.
I HAVE done this.
I was very ashamed of my SAT scores:  M: 610 CR: 680 W: 700
How do rationals deal with jobs that require major use of the sensing function? I've met an ENTP hairdresser and an INTJ electrician, and while I don't doubt that they can do their jobs, isn't it...
In my area [NY metro] it does seem like the jobs where a Communications/Journalism/English degree is needed are plentiful.   You have a point about advertising, even though that could fall under...
An inquisitive question. I'm not knocking the major or anything, but looking at colleges, itx92s apparently among the top 10 most popular majors.  If itx92s one of the most popular majors, wouldn't that...
Great.  I read this description and it fits me more than ENTJ. I'm all perplexed now.
You are facing a desert. In this desert there is a cube. What is the size of this cube?  Not very big at all. A little larger than my hands. I'm bad at dimensions, but I'd say about 10 x 10 x...
When things that are clearly evident to you are not as readily evident to the sensors you're with.   I was in Fairway with my sister, and she was complaining about the prices and why everything in...
I could fill out at least 20 of these because I have various dream lives in my head: One scenario though:  Where would you live?  London, England   What would you live in?
One of my good friends is an ISTP, and she can be quite competitive when she wants to be. I find her competitiveness to be a sort of passive-aggressive kind. It's odd, and can be annoying.  I've...
When someone says something or asks you a simple question, you go off on a tangent about the connotations of the words used in said question and how perhaps the connotations do not relate to your...
One of my favorite poems is Ithaka by C.P. Cavafy:  As you set out for Ithakahope the voyage is a long one, full of adventure, full of discovery. Laistrygonians and Cyclops, angry Poseidon—don’t...
Noble - 5 Socratic - 2 Reflective - 1
I live in a family of Sensors, and I'm closest with my ISFJ sister. She can be so infuriating sometimes though! Definitely over-sensitive and irrational. I wonder if it's common for ISFJs to think...
When you are merely explain something (either through text or verbally) and people think you are ranting.
I hate not being in control of my own body. That's what scares me the most about being sedated. That, and the fact that I keep researching deaths related to wisdom teeth extractions.     You mean...
Well it's official. The wisdom teeth are getting pulled on May 31. I am having an uncharacteristic freak-out and I have been researching deaths related to wisdom teeth extractions.  How am I being...
Out of the four Batman has been my favorite, but I think the Lanterns' are slowly luring me away from Bruce with their lights and symbolism.
Antonín Dvořák, who has been inexplicably excluded from this list.
How do you all go about your writing? As in writing assignments, research papers, short stories, etc.  Do you plan it out and have an outline? Do you gather your information and then just jump into...
I want to lose weight, yet I don't think wisdom teeth extractions are the proper way to go about that. But if it helps... Are you having pain? I am having slight pain. When it gets unbearable and...
Ahh coffee. The liquid of spirit.   I am having irrational fears about getting my wisdom teeth extracted. :unsure:
Abstract Tan, Logical Tan, Green
WTF is with teachers not giving constructive criticism if you get an A? I got a 100 on an English paper I wrote, and all the teacher said was Excellent job on the paper. Even if you got a perfect...
Took a 5-hr pre-licensing class last night; realized just how much I didn't know. I hate driving. It's the only area of my life in which I feel completely incompetent. Any tips?
It's hard to type someone who lived so long ago. We can only go by his accomplishments; we don't know much about his personality.  He's one of my heroes though. For a project I designed a memorial...
Also when I'm texting someone I like, I tend to be very witty.
69296
Public transportation is convenient and allows for liberty for adolescents, the elderly, and people who cannot drive for whatever reasons.   Part of an English project. Will be edited of course.
I'm with the others. When someone asks me what I'm doing tomorrow or Saturday, I always ask Why? after the answer. I guess because of that, I never get the barrage of questions the OP gets.
It pretty much gets it right.  I am definitely not outdoorsy, and I get as much fun out of planning the vacation as I do from the actual vacation. I think it has something to do with NT love of...
S/r loei
I'm most witty when I'm with guys and/or I'm relaxed.
Batman is definitely my favorite superhero.  Green Lantern is a close second.   :shocked:
I tend to procrastinate activities that I must do right now because I am too busy (and I prefer) to think about/planning about the future. Then I get so excited about my future that the present seems...
To verbalize affection, I may start giving these cards out: http://cdn.slowrobot.com/38201317561.jpg
When you just know the MBTI enough that you could take the test and get any result you wished.  When I first took it, I did not do that. Promise.
Isn't it crazy how people who have their glasses on freak out about losing their glasses?  If they thought they weren't wearing their glasses, then they need new glasses! :confused:
My sister is going to college seven years after graduating high school. First, her major was Linguistics with a minor in Spanish Studies. I was confident that she would be successful because she's...
When I'm debating or arguing, I think people mistake my passion for the subject as anger. I hate when people don't hear me out, or cut me off (though I may do that to do them); then I get frustrated....
It was exactly as I pictured it, the future vastly in front of me, the present was me, and the past was immediately behind me. I didn't have a long band into the past.  I'm an ENTJ (or an INTJ;...
I took both those test.  For the cognitive function test, my results were: Your Cognitive Functions: Extroverted Thinking (Te) 





|| 9.47 Introverted Intuition (Ni)...
Hello [potentially] fellow ENTJs,  I had posted a thread a while back (not in this sub-forum) about how my Te overpowered my Ni.  I have consistently tested INTJ, and I have no doubts about my...
Ross: INFJ Chandler: INTP Joey: ESFP Monica: ESTJ Phoebe: ENFP Rachel (the hardest to type): ESFJ
The ocean is an enormous expanse of raging waters. It makes up 70% of the planet. It's dark and deep and we know more about the moon, thousands of miles away, than we do about the bottom of the...
I've never met an ESFJ that I didn't want to hurt'"


1163: 'I'm so hesitant to be completely open with how I feel because if he's not ready to connect emotionally, my emotions may just push him away. I sent another text since I started this thread. It was...
Could it be both?   What if you were knew you also hurt the person? (he admitted earlier the situation wasn't fair to me.)
I am over him hurting me. And that's why I had to cut him off. So I could handle it myself. Because he wasn't in a place to do so. But it doesn't exactly feel good now that he's ignoring me. :/
That's exactly what I did! I liked something back later that day. But then nothing else happened. So then I finally texted him 10 days later. Just yesterday. And nothing.
Would you actually like their pictures though if you were still angry? I don't necessarily blame him but I can't seem to gauge where he is.
The reason why I say he's not mad is because after each message I sent, we had some social media interaction. The second time, he even went on the account I removed him from after I said I didn't...
I said I failed to see his side of things.      No, no retraction. Honestly because I didn't know what he wanted.
It was by text. I basically said I wish it hadn't gone the way it did and tried to understand where he was coming from (in how he hurt me). The second time I sent a nice easy going funny text I know...
What if you also hurt that person and you know you did? But you didn't really want that reaction? Would you be able to be understanding and forgiving and try to work through it when the other person...
I told an INFP I didn't want him in my life. It was an emotional reaction, but he did something to really hurt me. But I also handled it poorly.   Things have calmed down, and I have tried to...
I'm not sure what to call what it is he's doing. He's avoiding getting emotionally close to anyone. So he won't stick with one person. I think I was the closest he got to that. And I only have...
I guess it's possible he felt some rejection by it, but why would he? He wasn't ready for something serious, and he knew that's what I wanted, and I couldn't hang around at his convenience while he...
Stare
Darts
Life
I know the easiest thing to do is walk away from this. I guess that's not what I want. I'm fairly sad about it, but I've worked on being steady and consistent and thinking long term.   I would...
Welcome to the I had an INFP withdraw from me club. :)    I don't know that any of this will help you, but I had an INFP withdraw from me. (I'm also ENFP). If you want to peruse through that...
I need to give an update on this.   I'm not sure what I'm looking for here. I'm struggling to reconcile new things I've learned in my head. I guess any thoughts, ideas, relating, etc. may help me...
No you didn't hurt my feelings at all! You're being realistic...and looking out for my well being. I'm okay with that. I'm a hopeful person but also fairly realistic. (Raised by an istj mother). My...
Thank you! I would say the same thing to a friend. It's helpful to make sure I take care of myself while trying so hard to understand him. A friend told me recently that I look for the best in people...
I relate to this! The going back part. That's why I'm very cautious letting my emotions go. I felt them coming on strong with him so I asked him are you ready? Are you sure you're ready? Are you...
Thank you for this! That brings me peace because it gives me a better understanding of what is going on inside of his head. Plus, in all honesty, I don't feel like I did something wrong.   What do...
Thank you for saying this because I grew up hiding my emotions and feeling needy because I had needs. That's a whole other story but my emotions were not fostered growing up. And so I tend to feel...
I know he's drained. And I think I can understand it because I've been drained when my mind is on overdrive, especially if I'm being hard on myself. That is more of a focus to him than I am and so he...
I'm not familiar with this theory. I'm curious. I'll have to check it out. I don't think it's about what I'm giving him. I think it's what I expect from him. Mostly I expect engagement....
I think he's just not capable of it now. I would guess, as an infp, the lack of seeing the future is what is draining to him. I think he's in an Fi-Si loop stuck in the past. He knows where he is...
I also thinks he likes me but he's pulled away and i don't think conversations about the situation will get him any closer. Honestly, if I have the strength and patience to attempt to make him feel...
I know. And it does hurt. I keep thinking I can be logical about it but I need a serious drop in expectations in order to be logical.   I am very good at not letting my emotions go if I think it's...
You're right. I'm not setting any. I've been on both sides of this before. I told him a week or so ago I'm concerned he'll lose respect for me if I'm giving him more than he's giving and he seemed...
We talked.   I'm trying to place all of my anxiety about this situation over here or in discussions with friends so as not to overwhelm him.  He said being in a relationship would be a roadblock...
Maybe you're right. I feel like I may have gotten to the bottom of it and that's that he doesn't want to let go of his past yet. He didn't tell me this, but when I asked some questions, it came out. ...
I get this. And I agree. I'm the same way. But when I back off, he will still initiate with me. When I ask about it, he says he's conflicted. I'm really not trying to wedge my foot in the door though...
I don't feel pressure. I just really have a strong vision for a future with him. I don't get these visions for people often. But I am better at finding them now, as I'm a bit more experienced at...
And this is why I ask other people in my life but this whole thread has me at the conclusion they are wrong. It makes more sense now.      So. My first reaction is to the five years. This scares...
Thank you! This is immensely helpful.   I'm listening to what everyone else in my life is telling me, which is basically that he wants out and he doesn't have the heart to tell me. I was mistreated...
Exactly, he's afraid of another breakup. Things will work means we'd get married. He's afraid of hurting me which will hurt him. I don't know all the details from his last relationship, but he was...
Haha, well that wasn't what I expected.   But I can't disagree with you. Lol. Not much of a choice. :)   I do like trees! I've been all over the redwoods and sequoias over here.
The U.S.
No, no, we did meet. We spent three different days together. Things went really well. According to him, that's why he freaked out. He said he has to KNOW things will work because he can't face...
Thank you, and yes, it makes me wonder if it's a similar situation. I don't think he's like that, but I didn't think the other guy was either.
What is the conflict for you between something good and a deeper feeling? What resolves that for you?
If he's definitely out and that won't change, then I need to immediately work on being done. I don't want to cause myself further pain. He never says it's me though. He says he's conflicted and would...
Yes. I hung around and kept trying when the other person was clearly on his way out while he was staying in the relationship.
No. I just miss him, and I don't want to let him go.   I'm just afraid I'm being foolish by sticking around....that he really doesn't want me. Everyone seems to think that. I have not put myself...
It's not fair to me, no. But I also am torn that we are missing out. We both have things with each other that we've never had. I know he'll eventually be fine (he thinks he may not be, and I know...
I feel like I want us to have a chance, and I would wait for that, if I knew there was one.   I don't want to heal him. I am a firm believer that that is a bad idea.
Then wouldn't he say, let me get things together, and we'll take a crack at this later?   And if that's the case, what is the best thing I can do. I'm afraid by sticking around, I become a comfort...
I'm bad at being succinct. Please bear with me. If anyone has any suggestions, points of view, or if you relate or understand any of the below, I'd appreciate your thoughts.   I began a...
...
I think people define forgiveness differently. Obviously it can affect the one forgiven. One may seek forgiveness to have a place in the forgiver's life. The forgiven may feel badly about his act and...'"


1249: That's very true for me, at least! I get along greatly with Thinking types, but I can't seem to think of them more than friends.  I always get stuck in relationships with Feeling types, but we end up...
Have been too busy with work to log on.  Just to update, after our ridiculous conversation which ended with him telling me it's THE END, he texted me the next day to apologize for talking that way....
Yes, I'm just going to start moving on and actually have already moved on quite a bit.  Manipulating and playing games or over complicating things isn't my thing.
I think it's time to look for NT men.  I just took an empathy quiz from ENTJ forum, and it turns out I'm almost close to having asperger syndrome, and I just don't have enough empathy to deal with an...
Def not interested in an ENTJ.  After ending a relationship with an SF, I'm starting to really appreciate my INTJ male friend!
29... I'm actually ashamed of this score.  I thought I'd score more...
Neither.  I analyze and take it as it is.  Past is past, and I should learn from it!
So had a talk on the phone.  His reason for breaking up was due to my  being too harsh sometimes and mostly my not wanting to settle down.  So,  I apologized for being harsh and told him I'm willing...
Thanks, Gurlygurl!  As an NT, it's really hard to understand ESFJ I guess.  I tried to talk to him after the breakup, but he's being very harsh and was twisting everything I was saying.  It's really...
Been dating an ESFJ for almost a year now.  He started mentioning marriage and wanting to settle down with me about 5 months ago.  Things have been going very well, and a couple of days ago, my ESFJ...
I'm hating myself right now for being an NT.  Right now, I'm feeling that I'm way too worrisome, over analyzing and not enjoying the moment.  I sometimes just want to switch off my thinking and just...
When I have to deal with something with a lot of detail required.  My previous job was very detail oriented, and it made me feel like the most incompetent person on the planet.
In order for this relationship to work out, there should be a lot of communication in order to really understand each other.  It's a fantastic relationship when two aren't involved in a deeper level....
Like talking to a brick wall! It's a bad version of my SJ friend who is one of the most short-sighted person I've ever met.
Did it on Excel, and I got 288...
Why do I get a feeling this will never work out?
I never play hard to get.  I think playing hard to get is the stupidest thing.  Probably she isn't interested? Also, I don't think ENTJ women are necessarily 'scary' or masculine.  I appear to be...
I tend to judge a person briefly after getting to know.  A lot of people think I act judgmental, but what can I say, I've never been wrong.  When I interact with a person, everything catches my...
Haha, can't agree more!  Being an ENTJ, I for one, do not like clingy people.  I also don't like being in a relationship with someone who likes guessing games.  Be communicative verbally.
Usually, NF types can misunderstand me, but we tend to easily talk things through to work out.  So, I guess it's the SF types who I often have troubles with.
Have an ENTJ male friend.  I personally get attracted to intellectual introverts.  I always thought of my ENTJ male friend to be too uppity for my taste.  Also, he is always ready to have a debate,...
I'm definitely an introvert.  I immensely enjoy time alone.  But, I guess I get tested as an extrovert since I can be a life of party and am amazing at speaking infront of a huge group of people such...
I emotionally connect through films and books.  I don't quite grasp the concept of emotionally connecting with a person and what it'd be like to be totally honest.  I can admire someone, like...
The allure of I men.  I love myself some introverts.  There's something very sexy about them.
I think it's fun romantically speaking.  It's passionate, somewhat intellectual, fuss free, and pretty much everything you'd look for.  But, it turns hell pretty quickly.
It must be because I was in the exact same kind of relationship with INFP.  I was the world's biggest bitch to him, yet he couldn't get enough of me.  He found me very offensive but kept telling me...
One year relationship with an INFP man, it was very abusive.  He thought I was the worst person in the world, and he told me so.  He constantly told me I was mean, bitchy, uncaring, cold, not...
Being a pathological liar is for con mans and stupid people.  You are bound to get caught sooner or later lying about petty things.  It's simply not big-picture oriented to be a pathological liar.
Too relaxed and unfocused for my taste.  Good match as in friends tho.
I agree about ESTJs.  They seem to have much easier time getting along with people which I admire.  I'd make a terrible auditor.  I guess I just have to keep a faith in myself that my big picture...
Good to finally hear some insight on this.  I was actually talking about strategy consulting. An ENTJ male friend of mine did not pass the first round of interview with one of the top 3 firms.  I...
Haha, same here.  Can't agree more, and sometimes it hinders me from moving forward as I'm too caught up with the idea that I'm underachieving and be hard on myself.
Yes, I think it kind of fits ENTJ personality.  Apparently no one has any insights on this. :(
Do ENTJs make good strategy consultants? If so, I want to hear about your experiences, or why you think ENTJs are fit for this job.  Please share your experience in consulting industry!  I should...
I used to be the person you described above.  I thought I was being helpful and nothing more by giving solutions.  Unfortunately, not everyone thinks the same or has same goals and outlooks in life. ...
I need to get myself into a different mode since empathy doesn't come naturally for me.  I need to put extra effort on communicating with a person to try to show more empathy.  Honestly speaking, I...
I don't really know anything about ENTPs.  Again, about this girl I know, she seems to be more caught up with social rules and laws much more than me and abides by the rule.  For me, if I see a...
I'm not good with MBTI either, at all.  But, comparing myself to an ENTP girl I know, I think I'm much more verbal, blunt, out to get something and more of a risk-taker.  Overall, I exude more anger...
Although I'm a woman, I send out strong signals that I'm attracted.  I'm not good with being patient figuring out if we are both interested or not.  I'd rather save myself some time and be direct. ...
ENTP calling ENTJ strange. Hmm
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
No wonder I have hard time with women.
Haha, it sounds like me.  Paranoia much?
That sounds like a living hell.  I might only allow myself a day like that maybe once a year. I actually envy the fact that you can lead a kind of lifestyle you described above and not be depressed....
I agree.  If a man hates his job, is not driven, and isn't doing anything about changing the situation for the better even though he holds a great job (I've dated one), I won't find him attractive. ...
Found some articles.  What the length of your index finger says about you | Mail Online  If this is true, it explains my obsession for chess as a child.  Does this mean many NT women are likely...
My left ring finger is about an inch longer where as my right one is half an inch.  I read from some news article weeks ago that it somehow only applies for right hands.
Funny, I'm fantastically good at Monopoly.  I start off slow, and towards the end, everyone else is dirt poor left with no money.
Hmm, I'm a little confused.   My score is:  Your Noble Score is 8  Your Socratic Score is 6  Your Reflective Score is 8
Pretty much everything you said + quitting smoking + not letting SJ view on life and judgment get to me + becoming richer + proving to SJs in my life that I'm not someone with head in the cloud..."


1269: 'It gets 100+ F here in the summer. Only flunkies, lawmen, and people with job interviews would be wearing a suit around here. :laughing:
Pour bourbon in a clean glass. Add ice if you are feeling bland. The only drink you need.
Leader  Visionary - 56% Diligent - 52% Extraverted - 57%  Motivating
So, if you don't know whether or not what you are stating is absolutely true, do you agree that there is a chance there is a time when it could be false?
How well do you relate to INFJ profiles?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhGEGIBGLu8 then  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hajBdDM2qdg
How can you be certain of such a thing? Is it so impossible for us to see red, green and blue?
I really have no comment other than thumbs up for the berserk reference.
I've always thought James Bond was a cool character.
Terrible things make people feel terrible. Go figure.
Hello, can I have my name changed to Black Coffee
I feel like the show should be called My Entire Sexual History. It seems like that is the question he is really answering.
Maybe you are looking for a fufilling romantic relationship and not having we one is making you angry and horny.
Rule 1: Don't lose. Rule 2: If you lose, refuse to admit it and argue wildly defending your invalid position.
That's possible, but he is a natural born leader, recognizes external factors affecting his goals and works to solve them. Seems very TeNi to me, but I do think INTJ would be my 2nd choice for him....
You don't think he is ENTJ? Or just not good?
Light Yagami
Freedom means responsibility.
So you didn't write something that your boss wanted you to write. I still don't understand the dilemma. Like I said, who cares who blames who.
It doesn't make sense. You either missed stuff that needed to be in there or didn't. I send e-mails all the time in my job. If something is missing my boss wanted, i send a revised e-mail. I dont...
If you did something wrong, such as not putting all the info needed in an e-mail, then apologize, take the blame and fix the problem. It doesn't matter who is blamed, it matters who solves the...
Hell is other people.
I mean, of course other people will try to get themselves ahead at your expense in the workplace... That's business. Of course it'd be nice if everyone could get the promotion but realistically only...
The first thing you need to do is put this into perspective. There are 2 reasons people attend college. The first one is obvious, there is a job they want and need a degree to get it. These are...
I feel like I'm only scratching the surface right now, but with no sub fee I'm ok with taking my time getting into it. I also have a hard time handling MMOs: they take a lot of time to become...
I play LoL pretty regularly, recently I've been playing Street Fighter V, Far Cry: Primal and Black Desert Online as well.
Hmm, well as to the question about what do numbers look like, it appears as if you provided me with examples of numerals. Numerals are merely symbols to refer to a number. For example, 13 and XIII...
What does a number look like? What does math look like?
If I understand correctly, you are claiming that the mental grouping of objects ignores differences between the objects grouped to together. This means that the group does not exist. Now further,...
Mostly League of Legends.
Maybe attract him by growing nice plumage and practicing your strut.  http://blog.kateaspen.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/peacock.jpg
http://deeprootsathome.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/484688_494210320639150_563225295_n.jpg
DoubleThink :kitteh:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVqAdIMQZlk
Wait, scared of sex, or of casual sex?
Wouldn't, like, reading how we respond to threads be better than directly asking us what we are like? Just a thought.
So you want to be friends with benefits, without actually being friends?
Banned because I enjoy go karts.
Snowflake Whisperer  Thank you for being someone I can talk to and discuss basically anything with. You have shown me some really cool art and told me about cool stories. I am glad to have met a...
Yes, and that is a cover of Bobby Brown with the same name. Bobby Brown's is the version that inspired my sig.
Bobby Brown you mean?
Buck in Jack London's The Call of the Wild.
While(1<2) - Deadmau5
Too big of an isolated loser to find a real person to insult you?
O_o
I only graduated high school in 2010. We had all those things and a debate club. I was not into that stuff though. I was more likely to be playing a sport, music or being a delinquent.
Join the moot court club? The deep thinking/philosophy club? The acedemic decathlon?  It sounds like those are the type of people you re looking for anyway.
I worked 10 and a half hours yesterday at my job in retail (raw food). The first thing I did after I showered and ate after work was call people to go hang out.  Before I worked a retail position...
In retail or food service, you directly interact with a wide variety of different people and relate to the customers which helps you just get a better for feel for people in general and what their...
Well, try hanging out with the person, let your emotions do what they do and observe them. Think about how you feel when you are in that person's presence, anticipate their presence or just leaving...'"


1341: 'Your score from primary psychopathy has been calculated as 2.5. Primary psychopathy is the affective aspects of psychopathy; a lack of empathy for other people and tolerance for antisocial...
Logic is overrated.
8w9 sx/sp, tritype 846. Creative/Royal/Visionary.  https://assets1.archetypes.com/quiz/results/creative-38/royal-38/visionary-24/donut.png
ENTJ and I usually test as Chaotic Good.
No, I am not going to take charge.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCSgK08Sp38
 please feel free to puke your emotional burden here 
Screw efficiency.  No matter what happens, I will not take charge.
I don't care about efficiency   What does 'efficient' mean?
Yes, I sometimes get drained by people. One of the most draining scenarios would be having to explain the same things over and over - it's really frustrating.   Although I enjoy socializing with...
I feel very relaxed after swimming or taking a long walk with my dog :)
Fours and nines seem the most alien to me because I find it difficult to relate to their core motivations.
 i'm a cry baby .
Lack of common sense. People that do nothing but complain about problems and don't even try to solve them.:frustrating:
Finland.
Expectation: Always organized. Reality: Believe me, you don't want to know what my bedroom looks like.
ENTJ here.:happy:  ENTJ advantages: - Making decisions is very easy - Gets things done - Lots of original, creative ideas - Confidence - Doesn't give up easily - Doesn't get stressed easily...
That annoys me, too. And using gay as an insult is not only a form of homophobia but also a sign of immaturity.  And I find it very offensive if someone questions my intelligence.
3OH3! - Double Vision: very likely sx/so   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sWygtnf3ZY   Three Days Grace - I Hate Everything About You: very intense sx/sp song.  ...
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/24/S5-Bz5W1fUi5PHRRXpAnhA2.jpg
I'm ENTJ and I really like my quirky sense of humor and open mindedness.
Working too hard and doing too many things at the same time - and sometimes it causes burn out. I really have to learn how to relax and get rid of stress.
I need help. I avoid this phrase at all costs.
People entering my bedroom without knocking and then leaving without remembering to shut the door.
For sx/sp:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtLdRHvdMIA
Lisa Simpson from the Simpsons. Why does she have to be an insufferable know-it-all who's always preaching about something?:frustrating:
Bear, Defender and Hostess.  :happy:
It depends. Hugging friends and family members is fine, but I will refuse hugs from strangers and people that I don't usually get along with. I'm more likely to accept hugs in a good mood.
Your Type  ISFP  Introvert(33%)  Sensing(75%)  Feeling(75%)  Perceiving(11)%     You have moderate preference of Introversion over Extraversion (33%)  You have distinctive preference of...
ENTP, gray eyes with some light blue around irises.
1. 8w9. 2. Extremely connected. 3. Barely connected. 4. Moderately connected.
8w9, basically oval shaped face. High cheekbones and quite prominent jaw. Deep set, almond shaped grayish blue eyes and high arched eyebrows. In general, I have quite rough features which complement...
I don't have any new ideas.   Okay, let's do it your way.
Physical boundaries: Don't touch me without my permission. Friendly hugs with friends and family members are okay.  Mental boundaries: I'm an open minded person who likes to meet new people and...
Me: ENTP Mother: ESFJ  Father: INTJ Sister: ENFP Brother: ISTx Grandmother (maternal): ExFJ Grandfather (maternal): ISFx Cousin (female) ESFP
Currently it seems that I'm the only vegetarian type 8 here. For me, vegetarian diet has been a way to rebel against my meat eating family. Yet they accept my choices.
7w8 sx: WASP - Love Machine:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JebHhoIq-rQ  Lyrics:  Lady have you known me The perfect love machine ah Virgo, my Leo's rising
I find it hard to relate to ones and nines. One's perfectionism just drives me crazy. Many of them seem to have an annoying know-it-all attitude. I just can't understand nines' passive aggressiveness...
My relationship with food is quite typical of an eight. I've always had a very good apetite, and I get a lot of pleasure from eating. Sometimes I eat so much until I feel sick. With age, I've become...
One - A puritan. Someone who thinks he/she is alway right and tries to make others think the same way. Two - A nurse.  Three - A celebrity. Pathologically workaholic. Always working, never rests....
Type 8: Bon Jovi - It's My Life     This ain't a song for the broken-hearted  No silent prayer for the faith-departed  I ain't gonna be just a face in the crowd  You're gonna hear my voice ...'"


1343: You're so close, yet so far from the perfect personality type.
http://media.gamerevolution.com/images/misc/sheogorath.jpg
I have a problem. I seem to gather an interest in everything and due to that I can never focus on one interest. Does anyone else have that problem? Does anyone have any tips on over coming it? (Or...
xxFJs if they have emotional problems. If they are relatively normal they are good people.
Science/creativity.
INTP - INTJ  ENTJ - ISTP ENTP- ISTJ - ESTJ ESTP - ESFP ESFJ - ISFP ENFP - INFP ISFJ - INFJ - ENFJ  In order from most logical to most emotional. The clumped ones are tied.
Implying psychic abilities are real.
Too long; didn't read
I have horrible short term memory, but once I understand something I retain it. If I do not understand something it slips past my brain within a few hours or days. I hate memorizing anything having...
I would say that being frugal isn't P vs J, but dominant vs non-dominant thinking. I'm pretty strict with my money usage.
7-9, I just have a filter.
I hated Mello. He was so irrational and emotional.  I know I'm bumping this thread from the grave, but I have one thing to say.  Keeping your balance stimulates your brain, so that might be one...
I got told to think for myself once. I wasn't very happy.
The noise makes me want to run away from it.
One thing I hate about being an INTP... or being me... is that I think without words and I do a lot of sub-conscious thinking. I.e., I do not use language nearly as much as I should to think so it is...
I agree about the idea still being true. I just hear people say Hitler is an atheist all the time but he was interested in the occult and he mentioned God a lot in many of his speeches. He might have...
Hitler was very clearly not an atheist.
The way I work with equations is much like this. My brain is like an imperfect program in that regards. I don't use rote memorization for each rule and I don't have to remember rules in words if I...
It's definitely Ti.
Mental calculation isn't an innate skill. First off you need to learn math right and after so long you should be able to calculate basic math. I can calculate the change I get just about right when I...
I'm not a big fan of philosophy. My problem is that some philosophical questions cannot be proven right or wrong. It isn't like math, there is no right or wrong answer. In regards to religious...
Yes but so do many other things.
Accidental assassinations? Those don't happen often.  Stray bullet to the head? Those don't happen often either.
Many of the greatest men in history have been assassinated. You know you've had an effect on someone when you have a bullet in your head... or you got caught in a drive by shooting.
It would work though. I make SJs mad without even trying, I wonder what I could do if I even put out a little effort?
I should have swapped out where I typed INTP with INTJ and vice versa. Criticize the INTJs with the INTP criticisms...
ENTPs don't filter like INTPs and INTJs when they speak so it gets annoying hearing these random ideas fly out of their mouth. I sit with ideas for weeks to months to understand them. Immature ENTPs...
Most of my thoughts were based on the two in a leadership position or military type action. Is that the type of situation/occasion you are looking for?  I was half asleep when I wrote most of my...
No, that would be a logical fallacy.   The inflexibility goes along with being too sure of yourself. If you are too sure of yourself (i.e. self assured) you will be inflexible. It's a sort of...
INTJs are inflexible... well at least all of the ones I have met. You can't be perfect, accept the criticism. I made sure to criticize the INTPs just as much as the INTJs to be fair (See, I used Fe).
I'm not creepy, I'm just awkward. There's a large difference.
Ti and Ne. Sudoku would have nothing to offer a feeler.
A Vietnam vet with severe radiation poisoning.
Oh, and INTJs are too sure of themselves. INTJs can tend to get narrow minded about an opinion and will not realize that they are wrong. That leads to weak leadership, due to them being to concrete...
INTPs are stronger thinkers than INTJs. INTPs weakest function is Fe, which deals with other people's feelings more than their own. The INTJ's tertiary function is Fi, which deals with their own...
Does he change much in the second half of the series? So far I've only watched the first half. He doesn't seem as concrete as an INTJ on their decision making and he does not seem to use Te. He...
Planning ahead isn't just a J trait though. He also seems very quick to adapt when his plans are cut and more than often he roams.
Neuroscience is a major interest of mine as well but considering that it is a relatively new field it's hard to find good texts on it. Also I hate rote learning so I get lazy on the aspect of...
I'm trying to learn calculus, basic physics, electronics, programming and some various other stuff I intend to pick up on just by reading. Too bad I haven't really started due to this invention...
Really? I though he was an INTP.
Eh, I wouldn't say I dislike their personality, but sometimes I dislike what it causes.
Are you saying that Thinking allows people to realize the rules don't necessarily matter, and that sense of power and freedom is what makes them egotistical?
People who only believe in God, republicanism, liberalism, whatever their belief of choice, because they were raised that way, i.e., they have not developed their own views on the world around them.
I would like to say that Ts can be even more egotistical.   My opinion: The cognitive functions are various ways to cope with and understand a world that is not rational, rationally.
I'm pretty sure there is a socially awkward penguin comic for that.
You know you are an INTP when you hypothesize that you can manipulate your brain and gain wanted qualities, and remove unwanted qualities by selective use and disuse.
Actually the insured option is to bring a pokeball containing your level 100 Dragonite.
Not knowing a website link, or doing research and finding more data. There's more pages than just the first page of a search result.
You would search the same thing twice if you forgot what you searched for.
As am I. I wish I reached the level I am now 3 or 4 years ago, it would have given me more ability to see my opportunity and work on it before I am out of high school."


1366: 'Yeah that's fine.  By the way, are you african american? This came into my gut just now.
Thank you so much staff for banning DavidH!
E - Extroverted  I - Introverted  N - Big Picture  S - Details  T - Thoughts (T's DO NOT HAVE ANY FORM OF ADHD)
Talking about http://www.socionics.com/rel/relcht.htm  717553  Energy = Idn  Social Protection = Dlt  Healing = Act
No.  ESFP.
I'm not inexperienced.  I simply don't care about functions.  Don't worry about me being mad at you as long as I'm able to type what I'm typing right now.  I don't know how people who care...
First off all, I didn't post in this thread to be insulted.  Second, I don't care about functions.  Third, I'm more experienced than most of you probably with typing.  Fourth, I'm DEFINITELY...
As an ENTJ, I notice that we tend to know the wrong way to do things.  Here's an example.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sk0OFJXQq4I   When I'm pegging people, I know another person is an...
I say this with respect, but you're misinterpreting my post.
OP.  I say ENFJ.
Telling people what to do.  Supervision Relationships.  Saying what you don't want to hear.  Both ends.  Even if you're right.
The two men in the photos are Qid to each other in Socionics.  Which means they aren't a danger to each other.
I'm certain you're an ISTJ.  Gut feeling.
I definitely respect this post.
David doesn't understand Socionics, and is making fun of me for understanding it.    Speaking of pegging, he's an ESFJ.   The way he's behaving towards me.   Ego in Socionics!
ENFJ for Robin Williams!
Shocked at the response I got on this thread, even from staff.   I also don't believe David knows how to peg people.   I can respect the rest of the responses.
I don't understand this post.
Years ago, someone else told me I was an ENTJ after I thought I was other types.   He told me why he thought that, and it's obvious he's right.
I don't think it.  I know it.   I actually know what I'm talking about unlike a lot of you.
I really do, and it's because of me being an ENTJ.  I'm not sure what to think about when I drive, or even walk.   I already know better than to eat and move at the same time.   Is this an...
The way I internally react to everything.  Scares me.   I also expect meaner responses than what I get from other people. When I know they're talking about a problem.
Andywarski deefizzy mrfancycar  ENFJ's  Freddie Wong HowieReportingLive Steve Kardynal Scott Kinmartin
I give ENFP's the most credit for writing words.
I give INFP's the most credit with guns.
I give ENTJ's the most credit with Special FX.
I give INTJ's the most credit for categorizing anything.
I give ESFP's the most credit for understanding everything.
I give ISFP's the most credit with Comedy Drama.
I give ESTJ's the most credit with jokes.
I think they have the most to learn from each other. Out of all the Socionics Benefit relations.  As long as they respect each other's boundaries, this can be a very educational relationship for...
Has anyone stopped and thought about this? I think that Donald Trump is a fine president, and the kinda president many people think that Donald Trump is the kinda president that Martin Luther King...
I think this is the right section of the board.  I have a gut feeling that ISFJ's are the best with Nintendo video games.
I apologize for my recent posts here offending everyone.  Family causing me a lot of anger.
:laughing:
ENFP Female  ISTJ Male  Equals  You've Got Mail!
People who struggle with finding happiness.
People who struggle with finding employment.
776 posts.  Unlucky number.709386
Calm down.
I'm merely offering statements about things I don't care about.   I offer statements about everything regardless if I care or not.  It's the way I roll.
I feel like I'm the only regular poster here serious about learning.
thx 4 replying
Out of all the forums I visit, this one takes the longest to load.  The main page.
Do you guys know how to read? Seriously?  I know how to, but I don't enjoy it.  https://collegereadiness.collegeboard.org/sample-questions/reading/1
I thought I was an ENFJ at first, then ESFJ, then I changed my type numerous amount of times before an INTJ informed me that I was an ENTJ.  I had that INTJ watch [redacted] videos.  He told me...
There are more people mistyped than people typed correctly.  Thought I'd let know this entire forum know that.  How do I know I'm an ENTJ? Ask any MBTI Partitioner.  Joseph Noecker is a local...
I pay too much attention to the big picture aka this entire forum.
That other forum.  Toxicity Central.  They think I'm toxic when it's them.
Socionics  Complete relationship chart between psychological (personality) types  Abusive Relationships  Idn = Me With Other ENTJ's Mrr = Me With INTJ's Sdl = Me With INFP's Ill = Me With...'"


1392: 'Some see a sink-or-swim environment.  The fear is that some people aren't strong enough to swim, so it's through no fault of their own if they sink.  I'm just saying, it's possible to do...
Just a couple of examples:  My godsister's family is very proud. Like, proud of their pro-family moral superiority. Any marriage proposals need the family's blessing (to an extremity where one of...
I'm sorry, I don't recall having had any past discussions with you. But if I'm not the first person who said this to you, and you keep getting the same kinds of responses, then maybe the problem lies...
Oh yeah! All the time! It's kind of like how muscles need to break apart (disintegrate) in order to become stronger (integrate). Disintegration and integration's a cycle.  So for me... when I'm...
Right? My position on it is that psychology isn't a pure science, because the fact that (general) you're studying humans also qualifies it as humanities. I don't think the subjective qualities...
1.) The Intelligent Enneagram, A.G.E. Blake. - I like processes more than I like people. There is a shout-out to the personality enneagram in here somewhere!  2.) The Integral Enneagram, Susan...
Oooh I want to try!  Q: How many fours does it take to change a light bulb? A: None. They live in darkness.
brightflashes : Either Chrome or PerC is not letting me reply, so I'm just going to... structure this somehow...   This is not necessarily my perspective, but there's that replication problem. Not...
Speaking of Haha?, I'm on this forum for entertainment. It just looks like seriousness to everyone else. Some people take their entertainment seriously.  I essentially made the same argument...
I'm sure this is a rhetorical question, and I don't mean to insult your intelligence, but I think it should be spelled out somewhere.  For some people, there's no boundary between what they value...
If people can spread misinformation, and people write books, then why would books be free of misinformation?  Who decides what is misinformation and what is another valid perspective?
Which are written by flawed people with their own biases which may or may not be addressed. Why do we take what is written in Enneagram literature as perfect information that couldn't be revised or...
How is it any different than me going, As an American... or As an Asian American... Why do we assume that there's only one legitimate experience of a type, and everything else is...
Bias: Background in the hard sciences.  There isn't exactly universal agreement on whether psychology ought to be considered a science or an art. There isn't even universal agreement within...
Exactly! And that theory is going to be informed mostly by a much more vague way of theoretical understanding than one that has a scientific foundation.[/QUOTE] Bias: On the spectrum of...
What is with people's black-and-white perspective on health? People are treating it as if you're either healthy or you're unhealthy. It's something you are, at all times, everywhere. It's like...
Fun to me is mostly about having mental stimulation. In normal days, it's I don't want to be bored or I have so much to do that boredom is a luxury, but if I think a little harder, it's more...
There won't be much official resources on tritypes because... it's an intensive effort to study the process of individuation.  Actually, I feel like that's the part where we learn more about...
IMPURE ANGER TYPES UNWELCOME! D:< YEAH, TALKING ABOUT YOU 8w7 AND 1w2!  A line is a boundary. When lines are crossed, people get angry.  You know what makes me angry? (A lot of things, but...
It's the same idea as all nine types are variations of type nine!   Well, there are people who fear themselves as well.   They have issues relating to experts and other kinds of...
But that does happen! Over PMs or other private channels. That's how I first learned about those feuds that have lasted across many typology forums! Rarely, I get an invitation to get involved, and...
Duuuuuuudddee! You ever read the ban/infractions forum? There was once a mod who wrote poems. *sad*  Sorry, I'm going to rant. Feel free to ignore. All you are general you.  So a lot of...
People have all nine types within them, so people should be open to and accept the possibility that there's not always a clear or easy answer. For example, if it occurs to me that someone could be a...
Warning: cir's stupid pedantry.  Motivations and emotions share the same Latin root, mot. Something about motives and motion...  *arbitrary skepticism* Maybe there's some kind of center...
There's an entire center, the image/shame/emotion center, that deals with hiding our motivations from ourselves and from others. Plenty of people consciously and unconsciously hide their...
If you don't think it's possible for people to hide their motivations, then what's wrong with starting with what's already been said? What if complaining about it, either looking for help or for...
The secret to happiness is low expectations.   Have you ever read Ouspensky's In Search of the Miraculous? There are a lot of chemistry metaphors being used to illustrate scales of life, and...
A min-maxer in single-player games. The Persona video game series is influenced by Jungian psychology, Tarot, mythology, etc etc... and also the enneagram! As proof, here's a screenshot from Persona...
That much? Why would you invest any effort into people who show you zero respect? What were you hoping to get out of these interactions that would make it worth your troubles? I think you should...
Everyone, whether they realize it or not, has multiple personas for use in more-private settings and multiple personas for use in more-public settings. Public and private are in a spectrum. As long...
The circle is the law of one, and it's basically relating to cycles, recurrence, and/or eternity. Nine and zero are either the same point or they overlap.  The law of seven and law of one...
Quite frankly, the enneagram is about self-discovery, so the bottom line is: only you can determine your tritype. Your posts on the internet is not an accurate representation of who you are. Every...
Rose for a Heart : I'm sorry. This will be my last post.   What makes you think I'm interested in a complete picture of you?   I seem to recall you bitching about large egos in a thread about...
You were pretty good at telling me to let go of my conceptual understanding, so please allow me to modify that advice and redirect it back to you. You could let go of your preconceived notions...
I'm just going to throw this out there as food for thought. Anyone is free to ignore this if they do not find it relevant.  The construction of this response will be a bit different. I'm replying...
I acknowledge your desire to end this conversation, so this will just be my closing statement.  Shame: If someone has done something to cause distrust, then the serious emotional toll is the...
Premeditated murder, drugging with a psychedelic that amounts of psychic rape, inducing an opiate dependency, capture/rape/torture...  If ignoring your existence is on the same level as literally...
I find acceptance that I can be a cruel person. Shame is the emotion of disconnection, and that includes social disconnection. People can only cry wolf so many times before their words start to...
Check this table out. The basic desire column? I gave an egos are a defensive mechanism answer. I would suspect people would give a type-related answer because we all see egos as different...
Ah yes... I should understand this struggle because people often question any eight's typing...  To be completely honest... My typing is not questioned anywhere nearly as frequently as other eights...
I have to admit something. I may have been seven shots of vodka in when I wrote that (crying feels really good and indulgent sometimes), and a night's sleep later, I realized I forgot to include some...
If only PerC has a Freudian Psychology or Jungian Psychology forum, then you could cross-post it there as well.   It's perfectly normal to want to be unconditionally loved by our parents. And...
But I go off the rails because of my deep love for humanity! :crazy:   After all, the only difference between reality and fiction is that fiction needs to be credible. And that's why sanity is...
It's very possible. While we're united by our aggressive, expansive approach to life, where that expansion occurs varies per individual.  The description seen here is from a close friend. I...
+1  Since we're stacking masks now... I have a 3w4 fix. To say that it's possible to fully know who we are is like saying that it's possible to fully actualize all of our potentials. Human...
Obligatory not a four and this is probably unhelpful answer:   Also, consider: don't get too excited by any creative career because your creativity could be restricted/ignored by...
Here's a trend that I see: What essentially differentiates the contraflow stackings from the synflow stackings is their relationship to their tertiary instincts. The contraflow stackings have a more...
English: Do You Know It?  Honestly, I put in quite a lot of effort into responding to this post, but I had to look up and post the definitions of too many words in order to continue this...
All of them.   Be less lazy.  Continuation goals: Do the following every. single. day. The main goal here is optimal habit formation:   Do a set of exercise (squats, 15 minutes of rowing, or...
TL;DR: Death. Lots and lots of death. Death to 2016, and a piss on its grave!  Happy birthday 2017! May we live in interesting times!   Where?   I'm placing bets on the first three definitions...'"


1481: 'Possibly the most ENTJ thing to ever happen to me happened last Friday. In a national listserv of others in my profession I spouted off some opinion telling someone why believed their opinion was...
Not something I said - so much as a feeling.... went to the continuation ceremony for the 8th graders from the youth group I volunteer with and got soooo annoyed that the ceremony took a good 5-10...
Ha! I got typed as an INTP recently too - I mean, maybe a P, just because of my ADHD and the questions asked on the particular survey .... but me as an I anything is laughable!
Exactly! And this is what I was guilty of before. I changed from my biochem/med school path in high school largely because of these concerns only to end up at 31 single and childless as ever. Had I...
I think, true to my ENTJ nature, I feel like I've done about as much as I can in my current position. I am limited by space - which is controlled at the board level - so I have no control and...
1) I think I've definitely encouraged some kids to love reading - but mostly I'm preaching to the converted - people who already read to their kids, who value education, that's why they come to the...
Apart from semis on the highway and getting meningitis, an aneurysm or an inoperable brain tumor - I used to most fear becoming a spinster... but now that I feel like I already am a spinster I fear...
Yeah, the other one was an INFP... So I'm trying to avoid investing to much in INFxs at the moment    Jonathan would be a weird name for a girl.... but I'm glad things are going well with your...
LOL. The weirdest mistype I ever got was INTP. Me being an I anything is just too hilarious to even consider! But I was somewhat pleased that despite the mis-type I retained my NT status... even...
Be Prepared  I hope for the best and prepare for the worst, but I don't let all the possible hazards bother me. I consider the possibility of the most likely hinderances and have plans A, B and C...
This! Especially the male ones. If an ENTJ really likes you - you will KNOW because he will TELL you or otherwise do something about it. We don't just sit around and not do things - getting s**t...
Not a relationship question so much a relationship observation. I saw this on Thought Catalog today - it is so much yes. Even though the title is the broader ambitious girls - I can't think of many...
THIS. THIS. All of this! (And this is probably why the friend that has been most supportive and there for me in the ways I've needed has not been the INFJ, INFP or ENFP I would have expected - but my...
I suspect a little of both....
Yes! I love travel! I HATE the hurry up and wait of air travel, but I will tolerate it if it gets me to where I'm going fastest.  I am currently working towards setting foot on all 7 continents...
7-8 hours consistently. I usually try to be in bed by 10 and asleep by 11, wake up at 7 every day. Sometimes, if I'm out with friends, I'll go to bed later and sleep in a bit the next day - but I try...
Honestly, no, thank heavens. The one job I was ever released from was on specious terms to say the least, and it was an entry level position. Since finding a career I genuinely enjoy I have not had...
This January I lost my (INTJ) father to cancer. Because I was so like him in many external and internal ways, and had been closer to him than my mom for most of my life because of that, it's been a...
I'd say that is definitely accurate of me... though, again, I have gotten more in touch with my feelings over the years (and that is healthy development for an ENTJ -...
I think the biggest thing that tells me I am actually and ENTJ and not an ENFJ despite sharing some similar strengths is the whole Extraverted Feeling function.  For instance: The ENFJ may feel...
Yeah. I find that almost no one really understands me... at least a few people try.  Well, it depends on which version of the test. I get 8w1 as a top 3 result regardless, but one version said 2w3...
Um, thanks. I mean, I can only take credit for the name. But I like Colorado too. It's why I, you know, live here and all. :)    Bwa ha ha ha .... yeah ISTJs would be too busy judging you for...
My dad died. He noticed I was sad and offered to make time to talk. I told him I wasn't sure if his offer was one I could take because for me I only felt safe to open up with that stuff with friends...
Yes to all of this....  And I think it can give people the impression that I am this incredibly open person... maybe even too open... I have no sense of mystery... but in point of fact the circle...
Had a dream about my INFJ last night.... We were hanging out in some hotel or something it seemed like (maybe a hostel common room?).... in any case it was a living space that was not in either of...
I pulled quotes from a longer email - the full email included that I would like to be friends with him in the way that I am friends with his (INTJ) roommate - with whom I am very close. He is...
Thanks for this! One of the people who burned me is an INFJ... when he opens up I take that very much as an intimacy thing, but it was a level of intimacy in our friendship that was not in fact...
Dear INFJ,  Your pride is leaving a bone yard in your wake.     Dear ESFJ,  I love spending time with you, but I'm still not sure you can handle being one of my most intimate friends. Despite...
Dear Feeling Types,  Tread lightly my feeling-type friends when you emote with your thinking-type friends... to us that is a sign of intimacy, because for us feelings are shared with VERY few...
I feel that you are asking for more of me than I am willing to give.  While I will continue to pray and do my best to encourage you through the many ways we serve together, I don’t believe I am the...
He texted that he appreciated the email but hasn't had time to fully read it yet, will try to respond by tomorrow afternoon....  At least I've already resigned myself to the idea that he doesn't...
So I went by his place to drop off the study guide for the bible study we co-lead this evening. I almost wanted to just knock, open the door and leave the book on the floor, but then decided that...
LOL. You're totally right in my playing a part, which I totally cop to - for sure. I'd actually been talking to his roommate about that a couple weeks ago in the aftermath of an earlier run away...
It's not so much that I want more... I'd love more... but over the last few weeks I've really been content to just be friends.... but I want to be good close friends. I'd like to have the kind of...
Yeah, part of me wants to just strike a match and watch the bridge burn. If he is so prideful and shallow that he can't see what amazing person he has right in front of him, then maybe he doesn't...
True. I had thought about clarifying that in the original, but being all ENTJ I went for brevity. ;) But yes, I intended the fullest meaning of listening - as in full attentiveness and appreciation...
Ack!! He is doing the run away thing - again. At first I thought it was me. But we've had this conversation twice and I've made it abundantly clear that I am not trying to pursue a relationship with...
Dear INTJ,  Thank you for being such a fabulous friend. Thank you for thinking like me. Thank you for understanding. Thank you for listening. Thank you for knowing exactly how to make me laugh....
Not an INTJ, but knowing my dad and best guy friend who are, among the most offensive things to them is feeling like they are not being listened to when they speak.
You've resigned yourself to probably being single for the rest of your life because you realize that no mere man can break and bridle a unicorn.
Alternative Rock Commute (Amazon Playlist)
Honestly, probably mostly flattered, and just a little annoyed.... depending on how they went about it. If they really want my attention they should just ask me out - I would appreciate their...
Only English fluently, but working towards Spanish fluency.
Just fine. I think. One of my good female friends is an ESFJ. But my mom is an ISFJ, so maybe I've got a leg up from having grown up with that... I probably wouldn't seek out SF friends, but I like...
One of the most annoying things at your work is the inefficiency of the other staff in morning/opening duties - even when you have told them, more than once, how to make it better.
It does for me. I'm a 2w3 or 3w2 (depends on which version of the test), 8w1.... so I don't think it's just a 1 thing - I think it's an Fi thing... And sentimentality in ENTJs has been well noted,...
1) Thanks to these boards and my one NT friend, I can feel myself coming out of this rut I feel I've been in since August... suddenly I am liking myself and liking being an ENTJ again - even if it...
Dupe, removed.
The Thats Illogical Variant -continuous questioning of the other person to gather info -then disregards the other person's feelings and morals as illogical  Um, I'm with the others who say...
INTJ. For sure.  But I've been good friends with a few INTPs as well.'"


1729: Daenerys Targaryen. She never considers the pragmatic ramifications of her actions. 'Let the philosophers argue over good and evil,' is also an incredibly hypocritical statement to make considering...
I was like this somewhat when I was younger. Now I view these situations in terms of costs and benefits and likely outcomes. Most times, when someone digs his or her heels in, that person does not...
Dear XXXX,  Your Ti stinks. Tease apart possibilities. Do not make assumptions.
I can consider another person an equal. But to consider another an equal and to allow that same person into my intimate territory is another matter.  Two consuls in the Roman Republic were always...
That is his most renowned parable, yes. He was the other most prominent Daoist next to Laozi. He wrote a book also now titled Zhuangzi, which is witty, wise and humorous, which emphasizes...
Not certain, but there is a Chinese proverb that sums up my sentiment: 'Two tigers cannot share the same mountain.'  I have trouble relinquishing my autonomy for someone else. I want to control my...
Interestingly, my post count decreased by several posts as soon as I posted only one comment in Spam World. I hope that data helps.
There is no joke going over anyone's head here. This thread is a distasteful attempt at humor that stereotypes Japanese culture, its people and its language.  Bear in mind this thread first...
It depends on the person. I value my career path more. For me, it is not about wealth and reputation. It is about autonomy and the ability to work 40–60 hours per week and actually like it. I want my...
Taoism is the now archaic Wade-Giles romanization. Daoism is the pinyin romanization, which is now the preferred spelling in academia as it more accurately reflects the pronunciation of the word.
Daoism is pretty darn awesome. I love the actionless action (wu-wei) principle.  Have you read the philosopher Zhuangzi?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7JV8JHKwZc
We're all going to die?! Spoilers, dude!  http://www.oystermag.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/article-image-650x580/images/sansa.gif
I tend to thank comments that are constructive, honest and well-reasoned. I also thank astute comments that make me stop and think even when I may not accept the point expressed.  I never thank...
This sounds more like unhealthy 8s and those 8s in the middle. 8s who move towards 2 are more in touch with what makes them human and with others' needs. Healthy 8s are able to be more open and...
I have the same visitor message notification issue as above. It must be... the ghost in the machine!!!
I experienced several unwanted contact highs when my state legalized recreational use. It caused me to become uncoordinated and also loosened my inhibitions somewhat, which in my world means I get...
https://lifeaperture.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/st-chapelle1-21.jpg
Why is your novel set to be published prior to your transformation into an INTJ?
Check this out!  BBC x97 The digital game that could cure TB    Here is the download.
Intensity. Dominance. Inner peace.
There have been many crazies here on PerC who have responded to various threads, made terrible statements about type, sex, class, etc. and have been banned. Based on those experiences the users on...
CroolUniqorn, I can see a scenario in which the board responds to a true pain in the ass by doubling down, threatening to terminate her and filing injunctions.  The comment about SJs seems to...
It may be the case that this board member wishes to discuss the matter with the board so that he can provide you with the best comprehensive answers to your questions — I would request a set date to...
It always helps to practice perspective.  Bear in mind that not every person shares the same values, priorities and style as you do. This does not make those various values, priorities and styles...
This sounds like clinical depression. He should see a doctor.  I also think you will be better served by asking the 4s. They will have a better perspective on what they want and need when under...
Pfffft.
Ditched the XNTP forum invasion of the ENTJs. One look at the ENTJs and the INTPs are balking. Prank dead just after arrival. Next time entrust the invasions to the XNTJs.
Dudette, that is how we lose the invasion. Them telling you to GTFO and you nodding and smiling. Make war on these thin-skinned, humorless peons!  Count the INTJs and 8s out if you can't stand up...
No need to wear it as a badge of honor. If they cannot loosen up and take a joke, FUCK 'EM.
Forum error.
It is great to keep a goal in mind but you also need to take things one step at a time. At this point in your life and in your career, a meaningful career is probably not going to be on the table for...
He sounds like a fucking asshole and you sound a bit desperate and unsure of yourself. This isn't going to end well if you don't disengage.
Same. Urgent was poor choice on my part. I think pertinent is the more appropriate word. One of my favorite lines in the Dao De Jing is:    I am more indifferent about things that aren't terribly...
I took the OP to mean that you had tried to talk with him but your attempts were snubbed or met with hostility and denial. If that is incorrect and you have indeed given him ample space to collect...
http://picture-cdn.wheretoget.it/9zp4cq-l-610x610-home+accessory-home-door+mat-cat-away-middle+finger.jpg  Just kidding. As usual, you XNTPs are late. Come on in. Don't touch my drum set.
This reminds me of the Zen proverb, 'If you aim for it, you are turning away from it.' I would permit him the space to cool down and process whatever bothers him.  The alternative, which I think is...
No, my avatar was a tiger at the time my admittedly lame joke was made. Stop picking trite fights with me, man.  I've asked you to stop trolling and committing ad hominem once and now I'm asking...
Ever think your anxiety may be related to Ne's tendency to see multiple outcomes? The way I see it, when you ask multiple times so the other party can provide a clear answer, and that party...
Thank you, jeb. I was resistant to advice and questioning when I was younger so it helped to experience things myself. I think many people need that. It reminds me of a quote from Confucius: 'I hear...
I am not an anxious person, no. I would rather ask the other participant to make their point as clear and as orderly as possible. But when it becomes apparent that this person cannot do that, then I...
It's too bad his reserved nature prohibits him from appreciating positive friends and acquaintances. Sorry, I'm not seeing a good excuse here. He sounds uptight and needs to loosen up.
People who liken their current situations to slavery. How entitled can someone become?! As I said in another thread, read The Classic Slave Narratives and about ancient Roman slavery. Anyone who...
I always thought of it as leave to somewhere that does not have that law. Either that or protest, lobby, vote or whatever. I suppose it makes sense that certain egregious laws should be avoided...
I do really well with them. One of my long-time friends is an ESFP and we absolutely love each other due to our strong differences. We complete each other.  In my honest opinion, anyone who has a...
Post more Rand quotes and evidence to the contrary and then we will see. A bald statement that the other party is incorrect doesn't do much. Paulie, you need evidence too.
Protest or leave. It's that simple. Protesters should also know they can be thrown in prison but that is a risk they know and accept exists.  I am curious to hear your alternative to democracy....
It seems really odd that a type with Te second in its stack could normally have such a short attention span and low motivation.  I would research depression. That can do it due to low serotonin and...
You are correct in that laws also mean threats, but the key here is that the people consented to those laws because they voted. The threats are levelled at those who, despite their residence in a...
*in the bookstore*  *hears child's loud voice on the other end of the store behind the stacks*  Child: DADDY, WHAT'S A QUARTER?  *silence*  Child: I NEED A QUARTER!!!"


1759: If you love him, and he is worth anything to you, you will show consideration for this bond in the life choices you make. 5 years in the future, when you're single and massaging some old guy's...
Depends on the value you add to the organization & how badly they want to keep you... If you're expendable don't expect any sort of major raises.
I was in your position too, I loved psychology but my mind was made for engineering. I got a major in only engineering but studied psychology on my own time. You don't need to pay a school to learn...
https://media.giphy.com/media/aZ3LDBs1ExsE8/giphy.gif
x93Cheshire Cat: Where are you going? Alice: Which way should I go? Cheshire Cat: That depends on where you are going. Alice: I donx92t know. Cheshire Cat: Then it doesnx92t matter which way you go.x94 ...
Obviously I'd be the cat in that situation haha
That's a strange way to ask for mercy ;)
lol did you mean this:  http://i.imgur.com/3RKohw1.gif
Saying language and math don't exist can be true, for example, it doesn't exist for someone who has never needed math or language.   The jokers get their own category because you don't know if they...
The third type is a category of its own because you don't know if the person makes the joke cause they really understand it or cause they want to sound nerdy.... man, explaining jokes is lame. ...
Mine is Leo... lion and bull, I think one is prey to the other haha
No. I'm saying people can be equally introverted and extroverted simultaneously but believe they are only introverted or only extroverted. The same applies to the other categories.  Only a sith...
It does, because someone who has been 'typed' will tend to define themselves as 100% accurate to the personality type definition although they may have been typed with only 51% accuracy. For example,...
pernoctator What I'm saying is that you're not 'INTP' 100% of the time and that your personality is more sophisticated than those 4 letters.
The point is that nobody truly 100% fits into any specific classification. We often test differently depending on our states of mind. Also, some missing critical personality elements include...
The expression 'pearls to pigs' comes to mind but is immediately replaced by the by the observation that the English language has few pearls to give ;).. in fact, the lack of a good mixture of...
http://oi62.tinypic.com/20b05t1.jpg
What does a jehovahs witness think god wants their soul for? And how does a jehovahs witness see the jews?
I would care because if you have kids, some would be born darker than others and this could create problems between them.
What america does is a mix of giving, receiving and autofelliato lol
No, I'm fully aware of the Forer effect.
Continuing my train of thought, this is going to be wild:    Without knowing any language, we would experience reality in a single, fluid, uninterrupted stream of information (no words). ...
You have to burn bridges to secure your future sometimes. I don't think ENTJ normally invests enough emotionally to struggle with letting go of someone.
What is the first job titles do you plan to apply to? Choose your courses and major based on that. Good luck.
If you are experiencing depression, I strongly recommend running 3 times a week until you can run a 7-8 minute mile. It will change your life.
Sour grapes on a rocketship
There is a concept called linguistic relativity and linguistic determinism. These gleam the surface of the whole idea of what I am getting at. Will post more later...
But are you fit
It wouldn't be right to talk about the pros and cons of multiculturalism without mentioning the differences in biological aptitudes that are reinforced through linguistic psychological drivers.
Yes. Favoritism toward a particular racial group is racism toward the others. With this in mind, forcing multiculturalism in any setting is racism. In fact, forcing multiculturalism in a...
Some people say that 'multicultural' really means anti-white. Food for thought.
Only if you're fit, submissive and don't talk while fucking lol
I agree with this. Nothing is worse for a manager than finding out that a new hire bullshitted everything on their CV. I've seen some people lie about bilingualism, of all things.
Completely irrational.
I used to be like that too emberfly. It takes time to develop the patience and self control to let some people learn things independently... Especially when it concerns trivia things like political...
Yes doctor
Lion and maybe tiger or zebra. Why all the whining about fun quizzes??
This thread gave me stds lol
SolidWorks 2015 haha
Being happy is a choice.
You will never know for sure if they are avoiding you. When dealing with people`s seemingly bizarre behaviour I like to remind myself of something in psychology called attribution error. Naturally,...
Sex, dinner, grocery shopping and children
I've thought about getting a pet but I'm reminded of the extra responsibility they would add and the desire disappears. The extra responsibility outweighs the benefit to me I suppose... I'd consider...
Yes and it always works.
Not the answer you're looking for but you simply can't help him here. He will need to find a way to de-stress after work (running and working out are magical for this). At work he probably needs to...
About tree fiddy
You need confidence in yourself. Setting some goals and kicking their ass is a tried and tested method for this. Good luck. A
You obviously trust her significantly and this creates a huge bias for you in her favor. I would suggest that you evaluate her actions and use that to decide your next move. When a SO stops adding...
we should ban guns too huehuehue
Racism usually has reasonable grounds. The automotive industry is the root cause of all of our environmental and economic problems."


1787: 'In the books, he is an ENTJ... he is on another level entirely than Euron in the show. That one, sure, ESTP. Marry the most beautiful woman in the world? They are a world apart!    Yara is a...
Love & Caring is the premier INFP song, lyrically at the least, to me.  Youth Lagoon is another INFP, I think. I would want to look into that more, but I believe it is correct. Year of Hibernation...
Mm, well, no. But we can agree on a well displayed Fi. About Ne, what you just described is quite literally Ni:    A stream of endless, fantastical IMAGES... is Ni. Through Intuition, she...
I did not realise this thread was so old... :th_blush:  I made a playlist for Ni dom, to foil Fe/Ti and Te/Fi against one another. Four _NTJ and four _NFJ, two female and male of each. Click...
Interesting suggestions so far! Glad I stumbled upon this. Will be back with a playlist (may not be spotify since I am dubious whether it would have the musicians I have in mind), but this caught my...
Ohh? I am pleased! I am me, and the best way to articulate ME :th_love: into this system is... through Te and Fi, and Se and Ni... though the order may not seem all that apparent, under scrutiny, you...
Yes!!!! I loved Koe no Katachi!! It was very cute and I really appreciated how the story does not smack you in the face with its moral message... what can so clearly be shown as wrong and worthy of...
Then no, you really do not.  See, the problem here is you cannot see her as an ISTJ because you simply refuse to.  It sounds to me that somewhere along the way, you saw points about her that you...
I have recently picked up the books! Man! Talk about your Si!!!!  Tolkien has to be an ISTJ. I saw him typed as that here and there and I absolutely think this is something everyone got right....
Viserys I think is not typable... and though there is a good argument to be made for Te, perhaps dom... I really feel a typing like this is dubious. Strange that you would type someone who harps on...
YES!!!! I love you for this thread. I really like SJs and I find Si to be an absolutely fascinating function. How do you separate the lens over reality from the people themselves? So central are...
I was and am going to start a thread for it eventually, but I am willing see some other perspectives a bit first...    Katsuki is so Te!!!! The most X-TREME Te to the point it resembles almost...
Useful, mayhaps? :th_love:
Aquamarineu3000―u3000E_TJ So Te! The Topazesu3000―u3000---- & ---- Obviously!  I love the deeply threatening strings in the Topaz theme... And the Topazes are so beautiful too.
Gokuuu3000―u3000ESFP Vegetau3000―u3000ISTJ Bulmau3000―u3000ESFJ Chichiu3000―u3000ESTJ Krillinu3000―u3000ESTP Gohanu3000―u3000INFP Piccolou3000―u3000ISFP ? Roshiu3000―u3000ESTP ?  I am actually rewatching the series! Frieza (ESTJ Te dom at least) just...
Gundam: Iron-Blooded Orphans I liked it, and parts of it! The cast could be dynamic... the plot not so much... developments and twists at times airy and capricious... but all in all I did enjoy it....
Lmao NO!!!! I am slender to the extreme. My BMI is below yours. Tho I do consider starting to work out! I have been thin for long enough. Maybe it time to get abs. Yea!!  I am curious about this...
Lol!! I am soo glad! I love when an anecdote of experience is quickly met with subversions and what have you!  What is a similar sort of observation you have of ENTJ? My turn to be subversive to my...
Mr. Robot  Lol! I was about halfway through responding to your replies before it kind of struck me how little it seems you genuinely want discussion.  Do you or do you not? Because it feels to me...
Of my experience, the people with the worst diets on earth have been, consistently, IN_Ps.  Especially INTP. I do not think I ever met even a single one who is healthful and nutritious at all!...
Well, actually... I first read Jung's Psychological Types around September last year. I learnt a lot first coming here too! I never even knew who Jung was before someone quoted a paragraph of the Te...
What I find absolutely decisive... is that moment when the crowd cheers his name. That one moment where he scores and basked in the blinding lights of the stadium with the cheers of near everyone in...
Mawaru Penguindrum  What an incredible piece of media. An iridescent spiral of a plot, always eating itself and pulling you in to deeper and darker levels, with every bit precisely lined up, every...
Lol!! So Se of u!! Specifically I find this sentiment among inferior Se people, in my experience. Fascinating. It feels like a statement of a fundamental law of nature.  I find Ni auxiliaries tend...
We can agree on Fe, which is good... I need only do half the footwork, haha!  Let us parse down his fixation on eternal beauty, first. It is apparent that it is an abstraction: the fact that it...
You are exactly right to think so! I have stated in a couple places that I think ENFJ is probably more accurate on the whole...  ... the only reason I think of her as an INFJ, personally, is...
Which is exactly precisely more or less how much I agree with my own typings! Approximately. Tell me where you hesitate or outright disagree, if you please! I would love to do nothing more than...
Thx baybay!! Absolutely...  Foremost, Cynthia is a constructive person. The body of her research and all her travels are all directed to build towards concrete ends. It is not so much that takes...
Then see here:   And this is why I say what follows includes ****how our understandings are applied****. Is it comprehensive, allowing much flexibility, or taken at face value, so as to be...
Then here is the language barrier! I never engaged MBTI, I do not want to.    It is just not necessary to me. Types can manifest in vastly different ways, and I see no need to split it down...
Lol!!!! Is it too late to respond to all this?! I do believe I intended to respond and forgot. I did read everything said! But I must have thought I responded and written it off. I only stumbled upon...
Precisely what it says! I play the Japanese version of the games (and thus had to look up their ENG names), so make of that what you will.  Blueu3000―u3000ESTP Lanceu3000―u3000ESFP Steven & Wallaceu3000―u3000ISTJ & ISFJ...
Yes it is. It is the most obvious thing in the world! And yet Chrollo is labeled a possible INTP? Madness.  INFJ is a type that is injected with all sorts of weirdness (like Queen Elsa???? Really?...
So, do you think that I am a manipulative person who is out of touch with my emotions and enforces my intentions and plans upon other people to their expense?  Haha! No, no, no... anyone can be...
We're on fire, so tell me what you waiting for!? (Original grammar intact ha!)    That Einstein quote is actually a seriously inferior Fe quote. Too many Ti doms I know are so easily swept up...
Hahaha!! I do not think you mistyped anyone. I think you operated on the framework available, which is no bad thing. I am glad you are open to discussion and reconsideration, which is itself an...
I read Killing Stalking but I read it in the Korean release, so I hope whomever's translations you are reading are accurate enough as to not make things muddled...  But this is what I propose, and...
Literally yes like... come on, the *first five sentences* of the Ne description is Moriarty:    He is no Ni type, abstracting and seizing hold of aloof and subjective interpretations of things......
First, ENTP is a dominant Intuitive type, and being extraverted, their Extraverted Intuition manifests thusly:    Catalysts, living eternally on the precipice, and each moment is ever and always...
This is fascinating to me. Did someone say...  https://68.media.tumblr.com/4903c82a9428f0315bd2eb2614d76467/tumblr_ogo7k6VY1U1sk6gm7o2_r1_500.gif  ?  You say vibe... to me it sounds like...
I just watched all of the latest Steven Bomb in one... straight... shot... I love Homeworld architecture.  Holly Blue Agate is an extreme Je. And, surprisingly... an Fe. She shows the extent of how...
Taken from here with in depth thoughts there!!!!
Yuuri!!! On Ice  Katsuki Yuuriu3000―u3000ISFJ Victor Nikiforovu3000―u3000ENTP ✝ Yuri Plisetskyu3000―u3000ISTP  Christophe Giacomettiu3000―u3000ESTP Jean-Jacques Leroyu3000―u3000ESTP Phichit Chulanontu3000―u3000ISFJ ✝ Otabek Altinu3000―u3000 INFP
Fi! Particularly dominant Fi. On the whole dominant Fi types (I_FPs) tend to be very harmonious and joyful people, friendly and fun-loving and quite easygoing. But still waters run deep, always.  ...
Why a Thinker when you emphasise how much he acts on his freewheeling and unfathomable emotions? You did not mention a thing about his strength of thought... but rather how he follows the guiding...
Lillié ISFJ Gladio ISFP Lusaminé ENFJ maybe. Some sort of Fe though.  Kukui is an Se dom, as is Hau. ESTP and ESFP both.  Guzma is the same type as Kukui.  -----
Well, yes and no. He is definitely an Se user, but not dominant, and not a Ti or Fe, though he convincingly acts like one. Superficially. No, you are thinking of Ramsay for ESTP Villain, though...
This does not describe him at all.  Oikawa Tooru is not of the milieu of Fe types, giving centrality to objective good or objective bad, formenting and upholding ethical or acceptability standards,...
I like thinking about the mechanism behind a psyche in regard to extraversion and introversion...  Fascinating to me is that some people display a strongly conscious principle function, which is...
https://68.media.tumblr.com/8dd740e27c1f89c5dea61c579e3b0bc3/tumblr_ogo7meTooL1sk6gm7o1_500.gif https://68.media.tumblr.com/61558e6bd0394247053dfc5c058abf7f/tumblr_nnji4aCLe81sk6gm7o10_r1_500.png...'"


1793: 'I agree she is definitely a introvert. I know shes a INTX for sure. Anyways I recently discovered her, so I'd go gay for Tina Fey! I know I put her in extroverted catagory, but I relate to her so...
Thank you. Very sweet of you. Love the love you guys have given me. There are good and bad posts out there. Hope they were good learning experience for you. I learned so much from this site.
Thanks for that. I men't Micheal Bay.
He was. I wander how the new one will be like?
I have a temper. A bad one. I need to learn how to Zen myself out and be more like Jack Donaghy.http://tvguide.ca/NR/rdonlyres/1C1926A9-FC4E-4989-9A6F-611CEC172691/345791/REMOTE30rock502.jpg
I like looking at pictures of Sam Witwicky. Yes, he was whiny, but his role was rubbed of being a hero.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvYAsj5fS1I I don't think it's her that I hate. It's more of her role in the movie. Megan fox is also killer hot and not a triple threat. But james cameron is such a...
I see. Owl's have lots of symbolism. Thank you. Feels good to be back.
I did leave for a long time. I like to drop and see whats going on.
Tina Fey I love her!  http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/16100000/tina-fey-tina-fey-16181755-400-583.jpg http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/16100000/tina-fey-tina-fey-16181755-400-583.jpg
Tina Fey  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TluDNUGhWFc&feature=related
Tim Minchin http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&NR=1&v=3xQmJ_vxHB4
I find myself really into I types due to their layers. I find that very intriguing. I find myself slowly turning into one.. ;)
I know this is asking for trouble but try to keep it pg 13. The next post would be the next sentence of his/ her thoughts. Here it goes! I'll start with... Today I woke up with a feeling like I...
I have a picture just like this one!  http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v617/tangerine_sage/39737_651755629636_30512236_35859260_3567018_n.jpg
I see what your saying. There have been other threads on different forums about personality contributing to believes. I can see how ENTJ personality would manipulate that environment. But I am a...
Hey girl. I felt the same way 2 years ago. I'm glad to say I've come a long way. Here's my blog you might feel me. Love. - PersonalityCafe
This is a T type topic. Thank you very much for your input. OK maybe I shouldn't be so snarky but here's a video for you to enjoy... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjAoBKagWQA
hahahaha You know Kim Jong and Cher both been around forever. One totally takes him self seriously the other doesn't.   But both are successful at what they do.  Sure we can debate on but they are...
How would you identify a neglected function in a dream? What theory are you using? It  interesting.
..................................................................................
Great use of Fe. If you want to talk about warlock start that thread. This one can be closed if it causes so much negativity. I was only communicating if there were others out there. There were a few.
Here's a chart: Complete relationship chart between psychological (personality) types
I am not going to claim I'm mother Theresa on this one. Its really who ignores me that hurts. If it's a old friend then it really hurts.
Sometimes I'd wish I have thicker skin. But these are 2 older women that are just rude, egos the size of houses and just plain mean.
How did he look like? Where you under stress ? was it a coincidence?
I just had a dream that I went back and found old journals in my book cases complete with t shirts i used to wear. Some one was reading poetry in the background. I kept thinking how cool and I keep...
Maybe we should add a theme to this war?!
Yeah it gets on my nerves.  Specially when you know your right.
Read the thread of GTFO!
I wonder how artificial skin would feel like and if my body would have a internal temp reader to make the skin warm lol
Some things I totally relate to but this thread is actually going along a lot better then I thought. As for cloning your self to shape better employee I call that your legacy. :wink:
What do you do or say to get what you want successfully?
That would be awesome.
Mostly a defense mechanism for stress. I don't want to be the person yelling and being upset because it didn't go my way. I want to be like a Buddhist monk. I am bigger then this small problem.
I agree with you on the natural part.
That's exactly where I am coming from! Part of me wants to hold the rules down and have others follow them to the T .  And then the other part of me is like don't let the small things drag you. Let...
I like how certain P types like have ego trips on their rants. This was a hypothetical question on the possibilities of human inorganic anatomy. Taking the word robot for granted takes it out of...
I like being caught by surprise. My bf gave me a nice pendent for my bday. I looked at him and said I didn't think we were in that stage of a relationship where we start giving each other jewelry. He...
More like upgradable lust. :wink:
You would be so surprised how superficial people can be.
I be a 7.  I am all over the place if you ask me. I have one of those confusing personalities the doesn't type well. Someone told me it's because of my Ni . And those tests are mostly built for...
I like the android from blade runner. I think I like he idea of having a bionic body with a human brain more then actually being a full android. Robo cop you sexy bitch
Hey I always want to be a robot. I always dream about it. Do you do too?
Tron+Daft Punk woot!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vq7X3NR4f84&feature=related
Maybe you're right... Maybe I have been feeling infp ish, but My big ol entj ego wont let me admit it.  I don't like feeling this stressed for this long. There has to be a way to deal.
I think this one is more of a cultural thing. I know I can dance damn well. I can dance to Latin music. My bf is teaching me 50's style dancing which he can do. Yes he's white and I am Latin.
Yeah there are many things I would not want to be the leader on. Like being the supervisor at my job eek! It's way to unorganized and crazy.
Once I had the windows down on a cold night so that my body could go numb. It was a mutual break up but I did love him. :crying:
Your temperament can change with age and maturity even with environmental factors. What I am actually asking is how do other ENTJ's deal under stress. Or how do they deal when they see their...'"


1821: 'Woooo, high score!    Narcissistic Trait Strength of Trait   Authority: 8.00 http://g.psychcentral.com/redblock.gif
When you do something diplomatic for a client and your INTP boss says Where the fuck did THAT come from?
Low effort / 10  http://i.imgur.com/yW4SiVH.gif
user352, from the terminology in your posts, it sounds like you're in a Big 4 audit/tax/services/consulting role, or something relatively similar.  These firms hire the most talented people at the...
I think there's a low bar for success in a lot of things in life.  Given that we ENTJs are more adaptable, we tend to succeed more, because we encounter situations that we can succeed in far more...
I mean c'mon people. To what extent do you all actually believe in things like cognitive functions, particular ENTJ quirks, and even MBTI in general?  I'm making this post because it seems like an...
Honestly the only benefit I get from hosting big social things is the ego stroking. And objectively I know it's vain, but the emotional pick-me-up from being the head honcho can often be too much to...
So it's been a little over two years since I posted this thread. And coincidentally, also a little over two years since I've even logged into this site. I can't believe the positive responses it's...
Work hard, play hard.  Not because I oppose giving maximum effort, but because I oppose the lack of a winning condition.
http://i.imgur.com/R8xs2.jpg
Very much an interesting idea. Thanks for posting. I am of the opinion that, societally speaking, personal philosophies and ways of acting in life are largely based on a person's belief position on...
I love that you're defensively confrontational the moment someone with more expertise than you in an area offers you genuine advice. Trying to read condescension into an objective post completely...
Current Business Management/Computer Science dual degree person here.  My opinions regarding business education:  The intrinsic value of a business minor is in familiarity with basic business...
ENTJ with an ISTJ mother here. I think I can keenly relate to the whole Supervisor/Supervisee thing in more ways than one, haha.  Growing up, my relationship with my mom has always been...
Frankly I'm appalled by the misconception that this thread is about grades. It isn't. That was just my personal example which I then transformed to a general principle at the end of the OP. All of...
A list of all XKCD comics I enjoy cannot really be assembled in a timely manner.  But related to the comic the poster above me reminded me of, I would be entirely content with actually living this...
Socialism.
I'd rather not derail another person's thread with my personal musings and blathering, and hence I felt that any negativity which would result from me making this post should deservedly be aimed at...
I gained the inspiration for this post from the other thread where a lot of people were bashing a middle schooler for caring about grades. Instead of posting it there and inevitably starting a...
I live my life by the mantra that I am correct until proven incorrect.  Dangerous? Absolutely. Expedient? ABSOLUTELY. A lot of people will react to you based on your perceived level of correctness...
http://i.imgur.com/pRy5g.png    Also, Invisible Children? More like Invisible Finances.
Nothing quite like this thread to elicit fondness of heart.  It holds a lot of significance to me, for reasons I ought not disclose. ;)  Nonetheless, the parallels between certain things and his...
There is no such thing as dressing too well - however, there is the problem of appearing to think too highly of yourself by dressing well relative to everyone else all the time. The best advice...
You're welcome! Just... keep it on the DL. ;)   I love that that is the reason you follow your feelings, and I think other ENTJs would agree. It reminds me of a quote I love and live by: It is...
Create a reserved and quirky (but true) social persona that will get you by when dealing with the concrete, closed-minded sensors of the world - for expediency purposes, of course. Not to offend any...
Thanks for your detailed and insightful replies. I know I've really learned a lot from this thread thus far, and I hope the learning and general good spirit can continue for everyone!   I have to...
My apologies for the long-winded post, but decisions concerning one's future deserve adequate explanatory treatment.   This, but in all honesty that depends on the Greek culture of your school....
First of all, thank you guys for the feedback! I truly appreciate it and I'm glad you've taken the time to analyze my thoughts on a more than cursory level. Corroborating my theory one person at a...
C'mon! You're an ENTJ! Question the validity of the drinking age concept and brashly take some anyway whether you're interested in actually drinking it or not!
Coming from an ENTJ's perspective, I find you INFPs fascinating. I feel as though I can truly relate to you, yet at the same point I feel somewhat in the dark, but in a good way.  So I did some...
I love speaking in metaphors, because it allows me to instantly determine who is worth continuing to talk to and who is not. If you're not smart enough (or not paying enough attention) to understand...
If you didn't have a fantasy world, how would you know what to change the real world into?
Yes, yes, yes, and yes, but you're missing one thing.  You're here, so why not make the most of it?  There is no higher meaning, so make your own meaning. Live, love, laugh, take over the world,...
This thread brought this to my mind. I apologize in advance.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNZzJELbFRI
Funny story, actually.  This thread caused me to recall an experience I had in kindergarten, where someone in the class was called on and asked to explain the three necessities of life. Having...
If you're not passionate about something, you'll have a really hard time focusing. Perhaps your crisis of focus is moreso a crisis of motivation.  When doing a long project like a thesis, it can be...
Do you seek out and/or value the advice of older co-workers? If said older coworker is demonstrably intelligent, I will seek out his or her perspectives and opinions - subjective stuff. If not,...
Hire an ENTJ. We'll handle it for you. ;)
But... INFPs are too cute! Their removal from the gene pool would be tragic.
Summer affords all of us the unique opportunity to completely isolate ourselves from everyone we interact with on a daily basis, and then gives us the added bonus of being able to cash in our new...
Owing to the proportional equality of the length of the brackets representing both a and b in the image, the glass actually has less than half its volume filled.  Before we make philosophical...
I would argue that you can't make the distinction between the humane and pragmatic points of view. The ethical point of view is always the one that encompasses both of these. Religious perspective...
The general rule is that an ENTJ will love head first, heart second. It's not that we don't have feelings, just that we tend to see them as a vulnerability and won't really expose the full spectrum...
I live in a fraternity house right now, so here's a few highlights:  -Gelatin in a toilet -Buttering the kitchen floor -Unscrewing the base of a random swivel chair in the chapter room every week...
ENTJ here. You've just described how I've always felt about my life. :)
I don't mean this in a creepy way, but I find INFPs fascinating. They're very similar to me in so many ways, yet so different.
I find it hard to mope about being single when I can wake up every morning with the joy of knowing that my soul mate is somewhere on Earth thinking about the exact same thing, and that today might be...
ENTJ all the way! The ENTPs I've encountered are brilliant, yet scatterbrained, and I'd almost feel cursed if I had the unparalleled brainstorming capacity of those people but lacked the ability to...
I don't disagree with your thread at all, so the purpose of this post is for me to affirm that to you. ENTJs are perceived as arrogant largely because we feel immensely self-empowered by our...
Are there any quirky hobbies that INFPs particularly enjoy which might cause them to congregate in one place or another? I mean, if INFPs tend to love stuff like Zumba, I'm the type of person who...'"


1917: '1. Could you explain your situation? (e.g., I'm a full-time student or I work full-time, et cetera). Full time work (8-5pm)   2. When you have free time, how do you prefer to spend your time...
I might even rephrase and say narcissistic tendencies as opposed to full blown narcissism. So you're saying you try to conceal these traits to come across as more personable?
From the small sample of intj's I know irl - they all happen to share a common trait known as narcissism.
Croatia & Serbia.
After you both got married did it damage relations between your parents or his?
The thing is, the way they went about it was that there was not even a question of the matter, my words and point of views were entirely dismissed or their reasoning was full of logical fallacy. And...
Would any other entj's date someone their parents did not approve of by any means? My parents literally said they wouldn't go to my wedding if I ended up with this guy long-term.. The reason being,...
32/80.  Was expecting higher, not gonna lie :/
Random guy I met out one evening: ''I like your toes''  Although, to his defence, they are pedicured.
What's your opinion on keeping pictures of your ex online post a breakup?  I will delete/unfollow ex's as well as delete any photo's on social media accounts because 1.) out of sight out of mind, if...
Usually, a compliment is not an indicator of jealousy.
I'm essentially in the same predicament except have emotional affairs/lead ppl on as opposed to fucking women.  Ugh, let me know when you figure it out.
Relax, Kanye.
What's your stance on dating apps?
I got through to third round interview's for what I think would have been my ideal job but - I didn't get it. Does anyone here actually think if something is meant to happen, it will happen? Cause I...
Pft.
I told him he should swallow his food before he continued with his story but it's like he didn't take it seriously.  Ikr, I think slapping some sense into him is the reasonable option.
- English (native) - Croatian (parents forced me to do Sunday school, ugh) - Learning German (struggling, not sure if worth it)
I try to go overseas every year and I'm drawn to it because it's the only time I feel truly relaxed.  The things that stick with me about travelling are usually the people I meet along the way and...
Female ENTJ  74.167 out of 100 masculine  46.667 out of 100 feminine  60 out of 100 androgynous
ENFP   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPcdlWiTct8
ENTJ  Progressive, Hip-Hop, Trip-Hop, Electronic.
I hope someone can tell me whether I'm being petty here.  It appears that my boyfriend of 3 months has let his guard done a little and has become more relaxed with me and I can't help the fact that...
Irony? Hm. How so?  Well yes, I'd rather not waste his or my time any further if I can help it but that's of secondary importance.
I'm currently evaluating my relationship with an enfj guy and whether or not I should cut him loose. His true colours are slowing coming to light and I'm finding myself turned off by his controlling...
1. Where are you from? Australia  2. What's your gender? Female  3. What are your views on polyamory? Would you be open to allowing another person into the relationship? No. I can't fathom...
What are your favorite fictional and non-fictional books? Kafka on the shore (Haruki Murakami), Crime and Punishment (Fyodor Dostoyevsky), Existentialism is a Humanism (Jean Paul Sartre), Marching...
I’ve had it.  I’ve already done that.  Can you give me better feedback instead of ‘fine' or ‘good’   Do you need to say something? Just say it.  Spit it out.
Only a couple of weeks ago, I found out my partner was exchanging photos and talking dirty to a girl interstate. I broke up with him on the spot. Yes, he was my first love and yes, I could see the...
Guys, I'd really like to know what your stance is on 'sexting' aka emotional cheating? Personally, I don't tolerate it and consider it cheating, considering I just dumped my intj boyfriend over this.
I'd very much appreciate any advice or input on this... I just broke up with my intj boyfriend after I found he was 'sexting' a girl online from interstate.. by sexting I mean dirty talking, sending...
Tall, blue eyes, mysterious, excellent bone structure. Literally only attracted to introverts.
I never knew what it felt like to get fired... until today.   I'm handling this way too well.
I'd rather invest and focus my energy on one person seeing as all healthy relationships require decent work. Also, polyamorous relationships requires more time which I unfortunately do not possess....
I don't see how giving gifts can damage a relationship unless there's just one party doing the giving. I show I care about others by putting thought into my gifts, if I haven't done so, I'd probably...
The only person I open up to emotionally is my boyfriend because he's the only person that makes me feel that I want to. He notices when I'm distressed then gives me how ever long it takes to deal...
I graduated yesterday but I literally don't feel anything.. if anything at all, slightly relieved. My friends are taking me out for drinks tonight but I feel like I don't even deserve it? why am I...
The only thing I regret so far is turning down opportunities or not fully making most of the opportunities I was given. At the time, I was too self absorbed and expected everything to fall at my feet...
similar minds:  INTP (?????)  16personalities:  ENTJ  variant: assertive  role: analyst
For sure. Her character and the movie is utter perfection. And Charlize Theron, entj irl?
I actually don't see it as a negative thing, it can mean that if someone cares enough to actually get past that you know it might be worth pursuing. I know my now intj boyfriend was really put off by...
Me. In fact, I'm often mistaken as an introvert. I like time alone because I'm able to control exactly what I want to do with my time, sometimes other people can be a hindrance. I have a tendency to...
I want to know if INTPs are sensitive on disclosing personal information? A couple of nights ago I was out with my ENFJ friend and her INTP boyfriend was telling us about his job and how he got a...
I look like a lady but think like a dude. This doesn't necessarily mean I dress 'girly' but 95% of the time I won't leave the house without heels and make-up. On the inside, I'm not very feminine at...
Oh lordy
No, the complete lack of control associated with the trip actually seems terrifying to me. true DMT does not seem worth the risk of bringing potential mental health issues to surface.. but I'm also...
friendships:: INFJs, INFPs, ESTPs, ISTJs  romantic relationships:: INTJs, ENFPs
According to your questionnaire responses, your attachment-related anxiety score is 2.89, on a scale ranging from 1 (low anxiety) to 7 (high anxiety). Your attachment-related avoidance score is 3.83,...
Sounds exactly like my story with the exception that I'm a few years older than you.  Basically, I will only find a relationship hard if I decide to properly invest in someone. It can be a rocky...
I feel bad for anyone who's ever been attracted to me, it's difficult to get my attention and sustain it. I prefer not to get romantically attached to anyone and will try shake it off in the initial...'"


2045: 'I am sure it has nothing to do with the abuse she put her body through with years of drug abuse, much more likely to blame a shadow conspiracy.
We have a social aspect here?
Pepsi Clear for the win!!!
Illegal immigrants should be tagged before being sent back over the border.  There should be a flat tax across all income brackets. Enough of this tax the rich more shit!  If you are on welfare,...
Do I actually have to enter something, or can I just win with my general AWESOMENESS?
Impressive out of 94 posts (95 counting this one) there are less thn 10 that actually deal with what the OP was asking about.  I expecially liked how th OP was flirting with ontother member for...
Having been a former mod, and looking at some of the closed threads that you mentioned, it looks loke they were closed due to the threads deteriorating into a troll-fest. There is at least 2 threads...
Blackberry ftw
No, being that I think Mutatio NOmenis is below the legal age of consent, and a HE, but if he was born a bit earlier, and female, then possibly:confused:  Rogue Eagle is also male and therefore...
I am currently working at developing the groundwork for a long lasting financial empire
My suggestion would be to lay off the pot while looking for a job, that way you know you will pass
I despise repetition, I have a huge library of books and movies, so thankfully I avoid repetition in that area. Eating the same thing for lunch every day, or unfortunately at work we tend to have the...
There are several things you should consider at when trying to determine an agreeable rate for your services.    As a live in nanny, will your duties remain the same, or will they no include...
well that's what I get for assuming   Primary: M16 - It is a reliable weapon with decent stopping power against soft targets Secondary: H&K USP tactical .45 - Excellent close quarter stopping...
Primary: Mini chain gun, for mowing down anything that is moving Secondary: Flame thrower, because sometime you just want to hear them scream  Melee : Chainsaw, just for the hell of it Kit: Extra...
Intelligent, opinionated, and sexy.
You can send a pm to a moderator or admin to have your account retired for a set amount of time
I keep my head clean shaven, it is easy maintenance
This is the first I heard about his death, so while trying to get more information, all I was able to find where some short stories. At least now though people can look up to him.
I was just wondering what Memorial day means to you, as a veteran myself, it seems the respect for our service men and women in this country is lagging, and taken for granted. For example there is a...
I could be mistaken, But aren't plants living things also? And think of how they are treated. Kept in hot rooms, doused with water, covered in manure even!!!!!! OH THE HORROR :tongue:
Welcome to the forum, enjoy yourself, learn a bit, and meet some interesting folks. And then get in line to take over the world.
To the O.P, if you like the Colt 1911 style, check out Kimber, they make really good quality weapons. AK's are fine too, but the problem is that they have many crappy ones out there as well, like...
i am offshore working currently, so i might not be able to get it, but thanks for the heads up
I hate reading these so called news stories from these crack pot papers with no journalistic responsablity. The oil  spill is as bad as it is being made out on the news, no worse, and definitely no...
We butt heads constantly, as we are both ENTJ's, but as long as we live a few states away from each other we get along great.
Congratulations on graduating, and on the birthday. So we get to have a PerC spanking party now right?
I enjoy the game, never got into hard core raiding, more casual fun, but r/l does take priority, and it is hard to be a parent of small children and raid, or stay up all night raiding, then go to...
If I remember correctly their is a prototype pair of sunglasses that are supposed to do much of the same as the device in this demonstration. The key difference is that they actually have a working...
I used to play, but got tired of it, I occasionally log back in, and keep my account active
So cute, wonder what they taste like
I just installed voice dictation software on my computer so I can format his responses without having to type this fixes my five words per minute typing speed.
Dont forget the thong poking out of the top of the harem pants
I dont do the hand thing, but I do know some introverts that do, so I am not sure that it is a good tell for mbti type.
Could always try hunting  Any excuse to buy more guns
They are not that pronounced yet, but in  a few years they may be
I tend to have racing stripes on the side of my head when I let my hair grow out a bit
http://doanie.files.wordpress.com/2009/10/1015_mays_gravestone.jpg
Many, many, oh dear me many moons ago, I was give the best advice I was ever to receive. Like many youth, I did not realize the value of this advice until years later, but it has always stuck with...
Well you could always try something like this http://www.instablogsimages.com/images/2008/11/27/latex-vac-bed_47RvG_54.jpg  Pretty sure the sheets wont come off, and you will stop tossing and...
None taken, its fun arguing with you while you are here:crazy:
Why would we need to ask you more questions, you have over 1k posts on the board, are active in Vent, and are outspoken about your feelings
Well if it helps you out, Al Gore has a houseboat, with big honking diesel generators.  http://www.lesjones.com/www/images/posts/big.zU7.big.191.BIO.SOLARONE.jpg
Just wondering where you got this little tidbit of information from, as a former Marine myself, I have never heard of any of this.
I do not see how he can be solid in his type, I remember the conversation in Vent when he was trying to fig out what he was, and decided to be an ENTJ.   I do not know enough about MBTI to start...
I have noticed a few members of this board changing there type to entj, to fit there self conceived notions of being a leader. In the long run it is not worth the effort to try to correct these...
The trick is to kill the person in such a damaging and deranged way that the other family members would never dream of trying to find you, in fact they have nightmares of you finding them.
Personally, I tend to work better under stressful situations, and I start to feel agitated if I am not under stress for a period of time.
http://www.dcottrell.com/files/gimgs/24_world-domination.jpg  Ninja'd  http://www.glogster.com/media/1/3/11/13/3111347.jpg  Show me a pink Lamborghini
Just in case you decide to follow through on this, I can make the silencers and modify the barrel for the firearm of your choice.  Just saying'"


2085: 'Hitler was not totally wrong  What i say , Hitler is an entj or an Estj ?
I dream of having more money of power and charisma than any unfair moderators who does not punish others who have changed subject and who does not do work properly, I imagine that it must be in the...
Wonder Woman Erick cartman  Magneto Sauron  Imperator Furiosa Thanos Darkseid Voldemort Lex Luthor Palpatin
I am an angel with the people I love girlfriend, friend and family, I am a knight, capable of everything, laughing, helping and understanding mature but with people I do not know, I can become their...
I'm the perfection but no sense of humour   This makes me laugh very strongly   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KX3OriDpgg  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw9MEopiuS0...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfIB7h7rsOw
I was talking about stupid INTJs who always think they are right.  But you are ENTJ it is obvious because you express your feelings and your opinion without understanding that of others.  I am a...
I'm the death , I'm the entrop....  look the baby  680954  Okay i want to help you   Try to teach him 2 languages, it increases the IQ and the gray matter, then avoids the estrogen...
I like to debate and to be right.  Be right with logic but be wrong too.  You have to be persuasive to build with others and make the world better because I know I am a good person.  To build...
There are two translations for boner in france   Dick or fail.
Boner ?
It = INTJ   Timid = timid ˈtɪmɪd/Valider adjective showing a lack of courage or confidence; easily frightened. I was too timid to ask for what I wanted  Sorry in my perception of life ,...
I have 130 of IQ but your humor makes me want to vomit  Your remarks and your false judgment at the 3rd level with a cynical humor only makes sociopaths in business laugh.  Even if I do not...
Not understood, it was humor?
oops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvRyKh9fl-g  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wo8MNKWDumY  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfZ0dbmKRZM
Physics and psychology   I want to try to go out with an INTJ or ENTJ just to see how it goes.
How to charming an INTJ ? Are INTJ girls more timid ? How does one recognize it in everyday life ?    Good luck to answer my questions and give me a good answer.   Prove your intelligence to...
welcome
Welcome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1-TrAvp_xs  Hello, it's hot in France or when I talk to you, I want to open a discussion about a fun topic. You will choose 3 very different musics to represent...
Welcome
Here's why I do not go out with some girls    You will laugh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6E2hYDIFDIU   If a man comes and luck this music for you, you will fall in love  I was right ?
Ahahah.  WEAK !  This is metal    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmxYrbBWTG0&t=145s#
Oh. My. God.  I will help you, Follow the steps, and this will cure your depression  Take melatonin before sleeping and sleep 8 hours  Take a psychologist for you  Understand Depression,...
Welcome
welcome
Do you have a synonym for to lift yourself up?   Because i'm french I did not understand
Good , good really good.  Now see my song   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hj2vU2nr5Jw
So fucking real
Take only 3 music you think it represents you ! No More.     Okay ? Let's Go !
678618 You are a good dog of society :laughing:
And ENTJ, that means nothing at the drag or beauty level, it's just that women love arrogant and alpha men, if you're rich and you know how to talk like an ENTJ you win.
XD  where the entj is sexy?  Ok we attract girls sometimes when other buffoons galley but if you're big like me before you will not get any more, If you're thin you'll be full and if you're muscle...
Kittens are cute , but stop
Welcome to my kingdom
Welcome
Welcome
Welcome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9bOsdHckhg   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeGsrN0Higo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsRrswyAEs0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AP6BIcnVYcE  ...
Interesting, But I think you still do not understand.  I'm not talking about churches, I'm not talking about helping people  I'm talking about the difference between friend and friend.  It's...
My vision is different that you're ,  You misunderstood me ,  Friends is not an concept, its an relation. Buddy// Friends   You can have millions buddy but No more 10 friends.  I'm not talking...
For me Porn is the new addiction of capitalism after sugar.
Now ! Dance !   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNQ6M3weXtk
You are Funny, Really funny.
 My only interactions are with strangers on the internet    Extraverted only web but not IRL ?    Staying 96 Hours at home is lame, I go to the gym but I have friends, and real friends are...
Bad ? Good ?   Let's go !!!:
Because ENTJ 3w4 are sociopath and wait the good time to kill like a raptor
You're right !'"


2102: 'Found it! I was wrong that it was Israeli, albeit it was led by the Tel Aviv University. It also included Germany and Switzerland so it wasn't geographically or culturally limited.  Sex beyond the...
If I recall an Israeli study on brains, only 6% of thousands of male and female brains scanned showed definitively as male or female brains. The rest evidenced as mosaic patterns of male and female.
You're welcome.  It was sincerely my pleasure and anytime you need another dose, I'll be happy to help you out at my discretion.
This isn't about winning or losing. Consider it a lesson in self-awareness.
This is between MBP and you.   Excellent.  Now we're going somewhere, rather than your attempts to obfuscate by asserting...errr....logical conclusions.  Such an excuse. Had you read and...
So, after complaining about it, you evidence the same? And worse yet, laugh about victimizing another? Hypocrisy much which clearly reinforces my point about unhealthy levels of egocentricity.  I...
ENTJ males behave in crazy ways.  Is that an attack or simply a logical observation?   Irrelevant to you and I. Also, since you've targeted MBP, are you attacking her, hence victimizing her?   ...
LOL, translation, it's only an attack when you're the 'victim'. Thank you for reinforcing my point.  You're a crystal clear read. I also find it curious how you call people to your posts. Are you...
Not at all. It was clearly explained.   Don't recall you stating it unless it was in another thread and if so, I tend to ignore your posts.  Argumentum ad populum with no cited evidence of such....
Black and white thinking. Sympathy doesn't necessarily originate from pity. It can also be the product of empathy.  As someone with a challenge, it truly surprises me that you can't empathise with...
There are two ways I can approach this:     You only suffer tics.  Not a big deal so you should be way further ahead in life as an ENTJ.  Look around at the other ENTJs.  We all kick your ass in...
She's not in investment banking. She works for the deals division of an accounting firm.  These are different beasts even though they mesh in focus. I can speak of the investment industry but not of...
If she's been diagnosed with depression and she cycles through highs and lows, is she bipolar?  https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/bipolar-disorder/index.shtml
No.   The first and most common usage of pride is as follows:  1   So, you fear disenfranchised people having pride in themselves and then 'taking over'? Taking over from whom? Think about...
Is this familiar to anyone?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhiCFdWeQfA
Why? Are disenfranchised people not allowed to have pride? Think hard about that.  Perhaps you should try to understand how systemic discrimination works.  That said, I don't subscribe to the...
The other possibility is that we will ignore you, particularly if we think you're a waste of oxygen.
If you're determined to help her, then here's a suggestion.  It's a link to a suicide hotline that you can call if she does threaten suicide. They might help you walk through what to do if so. ...
Trolls.
A pure hypothetical.  Let's say you're exhausted from supporting her and can't do it anymore. How will you react if she threatens suicide?
Now that you've mentioned therapy, perhaps she can explain to you what type of therapy she's receiving and its subsequent coping tool (CBT, DBT, etc.). In knowing and understanding, you can support...
If she's already in therapy, this will be better than on-campus counseling because of the work load of the latter. It's also not wise to have clashing therapies.
You can often get mental health counseling on-campus.
If she has access to professional counseling, this would be a better option than trying to address it from a layman's perspective.  Even better, family counseling.
It's not type related. Violate anyone's deeply held values whether internal or external, and a shitstorm will ensue.
Daydreaming about Mueller announcing criminal charges.
If he can't figure out how to apply the conceptions described in your post, it's a waste of my time to try to explain it to him. That said, MBP has done a marvelous job so if he doesn't get that,...
I thanked you, not because something so tragic happened but because you took her to the ER and she's now getting the professional help she needs, that of meds in concert with therapy. Has she ever...
Ne or not, you understand the bigger picture.
You really don't get it. Read Wellsy's post. It's bang on.
The 'proud to be' is to combat and mitigate institutionalised discrimination and inequality that includes social shaming of that race, culture, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, etc. It's also to create...
No.  I'm quoting what prompted the shitstorm. Your judgment of ENTJ women.
Correct.   But that does not mean we can't identify and sympathise with other women who are navigating the same or similar trajectories. That ENTJ females are assertive enough to push through the...
I asked you a question.  Rather than continuing with your condescension, answer the question.  And another question.  What would you know of the management level in business?
So you, a writer with not a lot business experience and Stawker, a purported 18 year old, are telling women who have risen through the ranks to the nosebleed section that they shouldn't identify with...
What's your experience in the work world?
I'm tiny (under 5'3) and made management at 23, right after the completion of my masters. Had plenty of older men attempt to condescend. I let them when it was to my advantage and sandbagged them,...
lol, a second pipe wouldn't really change the way humans look beyond potentially increasing the girth of our necks. People with thick necks already exist.
There's no one to ask and no one can say that a single passage for food and air is an intelligent design.
Meh, most people know that wasps pollinate and can act as predators to help weed out the over-population of other insects.  I'm talking about issues like a single passage for food and air.
This make no sense.  Can you provide examples of such?
How people can believe in intelligent design when evolutionary forces don't necessarily have the best outcome.
What you've described of responding with 'fine' and jumping directly into business is perfect.  Keep it short and to the point.  But I'm getting a vibe which might be inaccurate. Are you attracted...
There's nothing stopping men from doing this so go for it!
If you already purport to know this, then what's the purpose of this thread?  Your above has just negated your initial premise. Not only that, you've tried to dodge the questions in my prior post.
The Babylonians (Iraq) and Egyptians created numbers, arithmetic, algebra and geometry.  The wheel was invented in Mesopotamia (Iraq, Kuwait and parts of Syria, Turkey and Iran).  Astronomy was a...
I give the homeless food that doesn't require cooking. Loaves of whole grain bread, precooked meats, fruit and veggies that can be eaten raw. Canned foods too but I also include a can opener with the...
Your father sounds more like an unhealthy Enneatype one.    What triggered me to this was his parenting style, particularly the reference to father/daughter and the roles that each should play...
Provide evidence that prehistoric man in the sub-Saharan had lower populations of iNtuitives and even if you're able to provide such, as you can see, the current percentage of iNtuitives in Africa...
Khadroma has done a marvelous job of parsing the issue!  Take a look at this link, pertaining to MBTI per continent or country. Africa kicks scandinavian ass for numbers of iNtuitives so your...'"


2114: 'How can you be an ISTP when your Si is stronger than your Se, your Ne is stronger than your Ni, your Fi is stronger than your Fe, and you aren't even close to being Ti dominant?
I'd rather be given something useless like that than food for a gift. I hate it when I get chocolate for Christmas.
He's INTJ. His foresight and simulations is all Ni. Te because he's blunt, often disregarding how others feel (which is why he sometimes says things and the others get offended).
I'm right handed, but my my printing is such shit, no matter how much I worked to improve it. In fact, everything where I use one hand is like that, like soldering in electronics class. I've thought...
Three ESFJs, that sounds depressing. Well, you'll graduate soon enough.
I have a lot more in common with the other NTs.
I'd rather not smile.
Jeff-ENTP Abed-INTJ Troy-ESFP Britta-ENFP Annie-ISFJ Shirley-ESFJ Pierce-ESTJ
For the main characters I'd say: Michael-ESTJ Franklin-ISTP Trevor-ESTP
1) My bad attention to detail leads me to lose marks in math class so I never get as I high of a mark on tests as others (I usually get between 90-95% not a big deal to most people, but it's a huge...
My desire to create is that I might be able to make money off it one day or just make something cool.   My favourite types of art are film & music. Literature wastes too much time (the expression,...
My school just started a debate team this year, should be interesting.
ENFP all the ones I know seem to hate me.
I'm a student in high school and I want to meet other ENTJs. I know for sure that none of my close friends are ENTJs. However, I want to find more ENTJs. Where or how would I do this?
ENTPs and INTPs were probably the reason we could progress through the early stages of history. ENTJs and INTJs, I don't know.
I'm spontaneous when a plan fails, sudden changes come about, or I don't have time to make a perfect plan.
SJs (ISxJs especially) are the least likely to get them. NFs (xNFP especially) are the most likely to get them.
This quiz is retarded.
Extroverted types (ENTJ, ENTP, etc.) can be introverted people. Introverted types (INTJ, INTP, etc.) can be extroverted people.  If Te-Ni-Se-Fi applies more than Ni-Te-Fi-Se, you're an ENTJ.
What's the big deal with chemical weapons anyways? Even so, I don't trust the assholes in charge. The U.S. can pretty much do what it wants. It's just an excuse to take over another country.
ENFP, why don't you grow up, get off the Internet and go get a job?
ISTJ and ESFP.
I could care less, unless I was trying to run a political campaign or something.
I hate sleep. While sleeping I can't do anything. But if I don't do sleep I'll be useless the next day.
I've never took an official one, but one I took online I got 129 or something like that.  However, the whole test seemed like a scam.
Your type: ENTJ  INFP: I hate pretty much every INFP I know. They're over sensitive and tend to worry too much about useless things.  INFJ: They're too nice.  ENFP: Similar, but worse than...
I said I had wanted over $100,000, but when I back spaced it said $75,000 so I kept trying to fix it, but it wouldn't let me. Anyways: Statisticians Treasurers and Controllers Actuaries Software...
Extremely atheist.
I won't die... Seriously I want to be remembered by everyone. I want to be in the history textbooks.
Pro-choice. I'm not American, but I think in the U.S. that right is guaranteed under the 9th amendment. More than that though, there are too many useless parents having useless kids, it's not helping...
Overall
My mom's ISFP and my dad's ISTJ. I get along really well for the most part with my mom, but she overreacts a lot and if I try to reason with her that seems to make her even more mad. My dad is...
I plan on going to university, but I'm not too sure as to what I want to do.
NTJ & STJ are similar due to TJ which means extroverted thinking. For example I'm ENTJ and my dad's ISTJ and we're similar in our general emotionless, organized sense (Te), but he often dismisses...
I'm blunt so that alone scares people away. I'll be nice for the most part to most acquaintances (still blunt though). To people I don't like I make it clear and say things like I don't like you,...
I don't know much about them, but they seem to share my leadership & manipulation techniques. However, they're a bit more genuine with their manipulation it seems. They also have less balls if you...
Who the hell gets up after 9:00 on weekdays?
I'm only in high school, but I tend to keep the writing process simple, yet make the writing complex. If it is a research paper where I am only being marked for content and not writing ability I...
I rushed through it, but:    1Expressing Regret  11Accept Responsibility  3Make Restitution  4Genuinely Repent  1Request Forgiveness
I run, but I put more preference weight training. However, I have one day a week just for running where I do H.I.I.T. I also do 30 second run 30 second walks at the end of my weight training days for...
Eh, I doubt I'm an INTP. I had a significantly stronger preference of Te over Ti, Se over Si, & Fi over Fe. Also, ENTJ descriptions fit me more, as do Te descriptions.
Does anyone else have this? On function tests I always have stronger Ne than Ni. This is what I score: Te, Ne, Ni/Ti (depends on the test), Se, Si, Fi, Fe.
What do you think Genghis Khan's personality type was?
I will only show respect when I need to (employers, biased English teachers, etc.) Inside though I respect few people. Respect should more be used strategically to get what you want, to brown nose...
My guesses are for my closet friends would be: ENTP, ESTP, ESTJ (quite a few), ISFP, ESFP (ugh...), ISTP, and ENFP.
Everyone is taking about working your ass off to do good, but I didn't have to go all try hard to do well. If the teachers teach everything that will be tested you don't need to spend hours reviewing...
I think xNTJ are colder, because they don't have Fe which is a bit more warming (I believe). I think INTJs are more so though.
My dad is an ESTJ and my mom is an ISFP. I get along well with my dad well and we have many common interests, but he would also lose his temper quickly and is really arrogant. My mom I love dearly,...
I think ENTJs can be when they want to, but I think generally they won't waste their time with them unless they find them necessary. For memorizing names unless I talk to them directly, I can never...
I'm not going to read all 90 pages, so I'll just say why they tend to annoy me. Also keep in mind, I'm ENTJ and they have the complete opposite function order from us.  First of all Fe--group...'"


2137: '1) Something that appeals to their Te/Se: practical things they can use, with a heavy preference for expensive and/or stylish. 2) Something that appeals to their Ni/Fi: meaningful, cute things...
Horrible mistake of a playful ENTJ adolescent and would not touch again.  Compatible life goals and financial situations: who am I kidding? Chemistry: sure, it exists, but I tend to get along...
Just wondering if anyone is familiar with Chinese actors: Hu Ge, Wallace Huo or Wang Kai  What would their MBTI be?
I'm drawn to xSTP like moth to a flame. My Te+Ni is screaming at how ESTP/ENTJ is a bad combination and how ISTP/ENTJ doesn't happen, but the Se+Fi held a successful coup d'etat. Et tu, Brute?   I...
Wow. That happened with my ex. I don't know if he was an INFP, but I wouldn't doubt it.   I don't doubt that I can befriend a mature INFP, but I kind of prefer them at arm's length. I just feel...
It is possible in the sense that ENTJ are more prone to quickly reaching a conclusion and then use confirmation bias to support their conclusion. Just as well, inferior Fi may equate to stubborn...
I'd say anything in real life.   There's just a (potentially more) correct time and place for any given thing you can say c:
ISFP    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NisCkxU544c  You can NOT miss this one. :cool:
INTJ: Approach with caution and Do Not Touch.   ENTJ Romance in the mind: ♥Watching the sunset from our penthouse suite, followed by private fireworks and a thousand hand-fold origami roses......
Sounds like both of you are being hot-and-cold.   I think a lot of ENTJ do that. They don't see having a relationship as a crucial aspect of life. Even if they really like you, they might hold back...
You should be aware that an ENTJ's natural impatience with a lack of drive is often described by INFP as insensitivity emotional shallowness and domineering attitude.  Reading through that,...
I would not date an INFP unless my life depended on it, so ISFJ. I tend to admire SJs even if they're not Thinkers.   Aelthwyn nailed it.   I want to add that it's not as though the xNTJ wants to...
382282  The first thing that came to mind was: Why didn't he just burn every other step?
Oh no, you deserve a good rest. What do you work as? 60 hours a week sounds harsh, maybe too strenuous for long term...but you go (:   Yeah, school is good. What classes are you taking?   Yep! It...
Skills transferable to our career, more accurately. But yea, probably.    I frequently laugh non-stop about things that aren't that funny according to my friends. I also like to say outlandish...
I read, write, shop or dance/yoga. Most ENTJ probably have hobbies with transferable benefits: dancing tones up your body, writing articulates your mind, so on.    Hehe! I'm good. Family and I...
I think evil requires empathy, because a form of evil is the needless and sadistic desire to harm others, to inflict pain and suffering. You need enough empathy to understand the pain your victim...
I was correcting your words to the way an ENTJ would phrase it.   Hi!
Or as an ENTJ would phrase it,   Your frivolous pursuits are unworthy of our attention.  ... until we feel like doing something about it.
:ninja: ENTJ are not ninjas.  We are utilizing the Empty Fort Strategy.  Once you think you are safe and comfortable in the ENTJ base.... :exterminate:  PS: How much can you trust an ENTJ who...
INFJ Hell: To see gruesome visions of the future, always feel compelled to tell the truth and warn others, yet have no one believe their words.   (Cassandra from Greek mythologies)
But your avi is so ENTP....  A weird breed of INTJ @_@;
I need a hug. -ENTJ  It doesn't matter if you don't intend to solve your problems and ignore all the objective facts. All that matters is that you feel better now. -ENTJ  Keep crying on my...
Intj
I was inspired by this thread here.   I'll start it off.  Single Direction Compass: May I point you to the stickie'd relationship thread in our forum? It's there for a reason.  The Inquisitive...
Kiawaki Rivulet SomeonesMom   Definitely not the answer I wanted. Hoped he would come back like last time.  That was the post right before mine. I did misread Hope rather than Hoped, coming to...
Because you guys are more sympathetic and would give her the kind words she wanted to hear rather than the objectivity that she's receiving and rejecting.
Yes. (:  This ENFP is my bestie Mommy. She, despite her religion/culture, listens to me without judgement and is always ready to support me. She is responsible and caring, sweet and happy. I make...
I agree with 100% of the advice given, but she's not looking for advice and all she's mostly doing is defend this man against all the objective observations. Hence, my deduction that what she wants...
Am I the only one more concerned about why this immature and irresponsible man is labeled an ENTJ? Or why the things he do is explained by him being an ENTJ?  The thread never asked for advice on...
We also have a back burner where stuff is getting processed and just spits out the information. I personally like to let my mind stray off the topic on hand for a few seconds (Oh, we have a problem?...
The kind that an NT would enjoy. Something with push-pull dynamics, with or without happily-ever-after.  So done with the dime a dozen ISFJ/INFP/INFJ female protagonists who basically just sits...
This thread.. beginning at the capitalization and ending at how OP wants reassurance from a bunch of strangers on the net without providing that much specific information pertaining to the case. But...
I think I'm more likely than not an extrovert. I don't like everyone I meet, but a lot of my energy is centered around interactions with people/specific types of people. I would consider ENFP, but it...
No.   There will be matches, but there are matches in any two given MBTI.   Plus, most ENTJ do not naturally want to dominate and control every aspect of everything. It is only when we see...
I know I don't want kids. I intend to fight biological clock tooth and nails if it is really a thing.
ftfy.
Am I the only one who saw that it was an ENTJ who posted this and knew it was a joke?
I think I know what you mean. Before I do things, I always think, how do I feel about it, how does it align with what I want, do I have a good or bad feeling about this but I chalk that as Ni.
Both are typically high, with Te being higher. Latest results rates my Te at 7.31, with Fi following at 6.58, then Ni at 6.33.   I have tons of Te that I am aware of. It's Fi that confuses me.  ...
That test was a little blatant. Can't get more obvious than asking me what I am, want to be and am attracted to then spitting out the answers back. But it tells me I am an ENTJ who wants to be an...
Why can't we just accept that: -stereotypes are dumb -stereotypes about ENTJ being cold, dominating, aggressive tyrants are flat out wrong -personalities can vary, even within the same personality...
Usually, it's the other way around, but my new boss is an INTJ. I work in a sort of financial analysis role.   Typical INTJ style, every methodology I use is questioned and I was told to be ready...
All By default, a glazed poker face  ENTJ The smile that doesn't reach the eyes The we're going to get this done look Sharply dressed and many have defined make-up/features  INTJ The you are...
I am confused. What is happening?  I am not sure what exactly the apology is for either -bad memory, forgive me- but it is quite alright.
Our rigid-planning-ness drops and our laziness raises when we know the person we are with is equally or more so competent.
Yes, mostly. I'm totally down for a rough game of whatever, but I dig dresses, handbags, heels and jewelry. I also fake enough emotions and I'm kind of expressive anyway.  I have also notice a high...
Leave or suffer eternal regret.   I jest.   You could try to be emotionally supportive and tell him all kinds of pretty things about being there for him, loving all he's doing for the company...
You can't tell the person it bothers you and ask them to stop, why?
Well, we can't exactly be the superhero when we're not human enough to start unnecessary drama, make foolish blunders, conflict between obvious choices and frolic in all the feels.   Seriously....'"


2157: ..
..
I have in 4 hours now written 6000 words around this theory. And you just confirmed one of the points in it, so thanks. ;)
Yes exactly! YOU experienced what everyone experiences in some way or another because of the Metaphorical Force that I've just today written a theory about. NDE's are always the result of our...
Yes, most people will just blame the drug and our beautiful brain has really no power, so weak that is, dragging us around with thoughts and feelings every single second of every single day for a...
I believe NTs are more sensitive than others, or hyper sensitive to both external and internal subconcsious inputs (external data and how we analyze through intuition based on internal inputs),...
Thank you SiFan, I did not expect this at all even though I know I'm not alone. Hi!  I must apologize for the wall of text. It's not easy to just write a short summary when everything is so...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iOw-ZsEfruM  This guy is has also experienced similar, attempting to explain to himself to remember and be aware. It's not all that I can relate to, as people...
No, you can know stuff without this just fine. It's not something out-of-this world stuff I'm talking about - even though it feels like it individually. It's not like information from thousands of...
Apologize for wall of text!    It doesn't suddenly give you superpowers or anything. It opens your mind to see how it's all put together - making you creative and able to perceive how technology...
It's also written about in Jungian psychology as well as hundreds of books, theories and empirical studies. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ego_death  Try to google egodeath, life after egodeath or...
Hi guys. Long time!  So I wanted to post this for a very specific reason. A reason that bent all my perceptions of the world I once thought I knew, even well above average for a guy like me. I have...
Has anyone here been addicted to being addicted, of anything, like whatever makes you escape reality or to let you focus on just what you're doing? Nicotine, alcohol, weed and similar? As in not...
I'm sure you just missed remembering me? No? Your avatar looks very similar to what I remember though, and thanks!  Being back might be an overstatement. Just felt like visiting again, maybe...
It's been a few years, and I still see multiple threads I've participated in. Must've killed all those boring threads and kept the entertaining ones alive, have you all?...
Depends on the bond, yes. Had a childhood friend that I hadn't seen in 2 years, but he was my neighbour and friend for years. He took suicide. Didn't feel like driving 45 minutes to attend his...
Being curious about something gives you a reason to remember the information you're testing out, making it useful to you for the test to be able to work. Most of the memory/brain games/workflows...
Just me that remembers this exact thread and a few of the exact same posts?
Well, yes and no. I'm quick to forget names and details like band names, song titles, actors and similar. I only remember the bands I listen to, or names of people I've been with more than once or...
So in a way you're implying that ENTJs are impatient? He made pretty much the best out of the sitatation. His station got thanked and this cop was referred in it. More than two hundred thousand have...
This made me realize I've had no one I've really looked up to, admired or been actively influenced by at all. At most random quotes from known people, but I mostly remember the quotes, so not...
Money's just an object that just is there. Work hard to get it, work harder to get more. Use it wisely to reach your goals that require money, but never let it control your life. That's when you'll...
Ah, interesting. Not that I would go that far just to prove a point, even if I enjoy doing so.   Told him I was sick today, and I'm sure he didn't even think that it might have been his fault. But...
Lending a nose spray to a friend, how harmful can that be with bacterias? I lent my nose spray to my flatmate on sunday, but told him he had to wash it thourougly as it's not very hygienic. He lauged...
CaptSwan has it. The meaning of life is the meaning we ourself choose to give it. As long as you're true to it and it's without doubt, it's your meaning with life, which makes it THE meaning of life....
Sounds like either too little or too much cake.
Don't worry, it'll be just fine. Your wisdom will still be in place. It's only the teeth that's being pulled. No reason to freak out! :)  Just got a mail from my work related medical...
I wish the internet wasn't open and free for everyone to use. Every up-and-coming site, be it entertainment or news, ends up with 10 year old whiners, trollers, idiots and you name them as all of you...
Learning and experimenting with the human mind through intuition and whatever our mind has to offer.  Other than that, filmmaking has been my thing for about four years now. Thought it was...
People tend to look at the problems we've created during the last generation as the big problems, when they forget to take a look at the root of it all. They solve one problem and another one pops...
I went out to look for a new, thinner and more slim jacket/coat than my current one earlier today. Ended up with a new suit instead. Fair enough compromise, although I still need a new jacket. Damn...
I agree with you too much wiaramus.    That's the problem. No one cares how fast you type. We care about being able to read and understand your words if you have an opinion that interests us. You...
As far as I understood your post, Soured Lie said the keyword. Being the shepard, playing the sheep. Feeding them. Or heck, just be the wolf. There are many metaphorical terms for this, as long as...
You're not wrong, but you're saying parents are the only one allowed to home school? How about a private tutor coming by your house 2-3 days a week that can teach a child much more than he can in a...
Well once you've used your tongue through words to get that far with someone, your tongue's already warmed up. Why let that go to waste? It's like warming up to a marathon and decide to walk it...
I believe you expect too much. We are not, and I repeat, not to be stereotyped. They seemed like cool guys to work and hang out win. Honest, casual, relaxing. As long as they're efficient, does their...
May I ask that next time you start a thread, give us a situation, something to go on? This is not a yes/no question, but very situational based on the person, the school, the parents. Some people get...
We may seem to come out as offending, even if we're not at all trying to offend. Similar to my post earlier in the thread that originated from your first post, but was in fact trying to explain a...
I apologize for ruining your masterplan then! ;)
And here. Or it was like that for more than two months straight (went inactive here that period), every day, 1-3 times each day until last week when I decided to quit the bullshit and get my shit...
Simply admiring a reconstruction of Titanic before it sank for a 5 min short film (this scene lasts 1-2mins). A spontanous little hobby project that me and a few others built in 2-3 days. Always fun...
I understood as much, so don't worry. :) It's not that you failed.. okay, maybe a little. The thing is we are not the types to start an argument without something to trigger us. That can be anything,...
I don't get it. This has already happened uncountable times and will keep on happening, even this moment I'm writing this? All four NTs talking isn't a needle in a haystack compared to the population...
I'll start on this torture thing right away. Sounded great!
Young people have it easy. Have been using all those tricks for years, except for the ones I find useless (not often used), like the Call-Call button. Also, if you're scrolling down a big gallery of...
Wouldn't that make the the thread title very misleading, seeing how a list will never be complete unless it's gathered up in a total sum of all the information there's to gather? Whatever happened to...
Where's the list? I expected a list. Not very Einstein, Einstein. Hmprfh.
Thanks for posting. This was very interesting and helpful. Can relate to this and everyone's comments here a lot.
How's the taste in comparison? Cheesecake is my favourite, or at least my sister's. Never heard of low carb, but if that means I can eat more of it, I'd love to know.
I'm often reading articles on http://99u.com, but never realized they're part of http://behance.net until now, which I've been browsing through for the last few days. Gotta love these professional..."


2175: 'This thread needs more posts! It's the best :)
Haha that's awesome :)  What about your avatar?
Hi! I'm curious, what does your username mean??
You're overthinking it! There are dozens of reasons why he might have not offered an alternative time and no amount of logic will yield an answer. It took me many years of frustration to finally...
You remind me so much of myself I can't understand why I haven't come across your posts before. I suppose it depends on what you're looking for. If I met someone that could keep up with me and wasn't...
Yes yes yes!! My life would be so much easier if more people understood this.
Haha yup, stubborn and manipulative sounds about right :)
Ditto
Okay!    Should say I'd rather travel or I prefer to travel and there should also be the word be before able.   The word focusing has one s, not two.
If poor grammar bothers you then why does your post have four grammatical errors??? :)
I was involved with an ENTJ girl once. I had never felt such a strong connection with anyone. But we both brought so many complications with us and there were so many trust issues and power struggles...
Haha we should write a psychological thriller.
Aww...thank you!
I generally believe that people should not try to force their advice or help upon others and meddle or try to make decisions for anyone but themselves. However there are obviously some extreme...
Hmmm, that is kinda weird. I can see how an ENFJ might be a magnet for those people. Do you think there is some pattern you've created that is causing it?
We can be a lot more lonely than we appear though...
Well it's true for me. And I like your exclamation marks...  How sure are you that he is ENTJ?
I agree.  I think ENTJ's are more reserved because they don't like to let themselves be vulnerable. I'm not as outgoing as most ENTJ's, but for me I very rarely take the initiative to connect with...
Oh good, I'm sure you can help me with my ENFP situation then.  Being independent is definitely an ENFP trait. Which is good because ENTJ's are just as independent.
Of course I'm right :P  I think based upon what you have described things are going pretty well with your relationship with him and you should hang in there and be patient.  I actually recently...
Why do you say it is going too slowly? You have to understand that his slowness in moving forwards with your relationship does not mean that he is not interested. If you try to rush things and ask...
You ask good questions :)  I don't see why he would hold that against you...it's not your fault that people gossiped. And while ENTJ's can hold grudges for a very long time, you will always know if...
It's too soon to tell. Right now I miss both my ENFJ and my INFJ, but I have enough going on in my life that I'm not miserable.   Those sound like serious promises...but obviously there is always a...
Define committed to. Earlier this year I was very interested in an ENFJ girl. I thought about her constantly and was very committed to doing everything I could to eventually start a relationship with...
For me if I really like a girl, I prefer that they initiate at least as much as I do and it would take a lot for me to think they're coming on too strong...but if they are too strong or pushy too...
Well I can describe how it usually works for me. Sometimes it takes me a long time like over a year to develop feelings for someone. Other times it can happen quickly like just a couple weeks. A...
It sounds like he is interested in you. Most ENTJ's would not intentionally lead someone on. I would suggest talking to him about your concerns. Being an ENTJ, he should have no problem giving you a...
You're such an ENFJ :P Good at anything you put your mind to, but terrible at asking for help or letting people see that you could use their support. Sometimes you just need to take off the mask and...
Because you're an ENFJ :b   But it's ok to be someone else every now and then :)
It's not crazy or selfish. I've been in the situation you're in a couple times. I sort of am right now actually. But spending time with friends and keeping myself busy makes things a lot better.
I have never dated an ESFJ, but I have often been surprised by how well I get along with them. I'm not sure what it is that draws them to me. I think a relationship with them would lack the depth of...
I knew it!  :tongue:
Now look what I've started :b
*hugs*  You are not a weakling. There are far more words that I've never let out. It isn't easy to open up when things feel so intense. It gets easier though.
*hugs*
*hugs*  You remind me of myself :) I like uptight straight laced people. Especially ENFJ's :P
Nyfiken! I'm so sorry. I hope things get better for you. Message me!
I'm sorry :( I'd love to talk if you want to. *hugs*
Haha that was my 2000th post apparently. So consider yourself lucky Happy about Nothing. :P
Well I really hope things get better for you soon. I definitely don't think you're a failure. :)
Yeah that can be really difficult. I've gone through a similar thing and my life is still a mess because of it. You always overthink what people will think about your actions and how you affect them,...
I suppose they can by bitch-like occasionally, but my ENFJ friend is the kindest, most trustworthy, and caring person I have ever known. And if they are manipulative it's almost always for your own...
I don't have someone like this right now. But I definitely think an ENFJ would be the ideal MBTI type for someone for me to be completely open with and share everything with.
You probably know how to get him to talk to you again better than I do. Maybe just be persistent and hangout around him or tease him until he decides to talk?
Well you're lucky to have found each other. I hope it works out for you. You seem to have a much better idea of what you want than I do haha.
He's probably frustrated with how difficult the situation is between the two of you and all of the disagreements. I'm sure he wants the same happy fun teasing that you do, but remember, he isn't as...
But maybe if you have to remind yourself to be happy, that you're not really happy? It's natural for ENFJ's as well as other types to become unhappy if they are alone for too long. In the past what...
I like these questions. I'm not sure how useful my answers are though. I guess for me I have to be busy and work on stuff in order to be happy. But work alone does not bring me much happiness....
Lol, fine I'll change it.   freezeframe Can I copy yours?? :D
But it hasn't been a month yet :P'"


2214: 'How do you handle break ups?
No I got him to tell me. I get it. Just wanted to hear it is all.
What if he jumps into a relationship but still has feelings for you? And doesn't know how to tell you to back off?
How quick are you to jump from relationship to relationship? Do you think it's an INTP thing?
Curious though, even though we sit here and read things about these personality types and well INTP men won't make the first move normally and ENFP girls are very forward, it makes me really...
I really just like buying all the heart shaped shit. I mean, I'll do it when I'm not in a relationship. Mostly, on Valentine's Day i just like to be happy. Because why not? Everyone is either bitter...
I like holidays. Including these kind. Mostly because I like watching people make a big deal out of it. Or don't. I do always feel obligated to have some sort of plans.. never do. Oh well. Also...
What's everyone's perspective on Valentine's day?
So my brother is a very emotional ENFP. When he gets angry he loses it. I mean he's 17.   What do I need to do when he's this angry? How do I calm him down? How do I communicate with him to get him...
what? i don't understand anything.
what, @Eudaimonia?
So normally by this time I'm freaking out and analyzing. Nope. No more. Hooray. Fuck him. Feels good to be back.
i'm going to go and see how long i can just get off of this. i did it before and was totally over it. though, a lot of those questions were just about intps. only the last one wasn't. either way, i'm...
Is there a way i can tell her to buzz off without causing huge problems? she'll be unprofessional about all of this. before, she said the drama was in the office, which is was because he's still in...
Yeah. I've been making a list.
yes. i am. but i need to keep a healthy relationship with both people as we work in a small city and will work together for the rest of our careers. and yes, i think she's stepping over the line. my...
Effy, yes. Why it seems intps are hot and cold. Also, drama, making something a bigger deal than necessary.   If intps are not sure on a situation, will they ignore confrontation? When is a need to...
In the case that she brings this up, how would I approach this and make sure she's not upset? How do I get her to know the real me and trust me? She is my boss. I respect her but she doesn't know me...
thank you both.   i can see how she would protective of him. she thinks i'm full of drama, she thinks i'm promiscuous. she's wrong in both situations. she thinks she knows me. she doesn't at all. ...
How often do you take someone else's opinion on someone you're dating seriously? And how do you handle drama?
i just may. but honestly, what reason would there be? idk. as an enfp, i don't think of them as one to cause drama. in fact, both of my enfp friends don't cause drama. i don't know exactly how to...
i don't know if they're cheating or not. it was a thought. they're oddly close. i think she's an ENFP. i'm almost positive. she does tell everyone about her and her fiance's business. and she tells...
Hi enfps. I have a boss who is an enfp. She is constantly getting involved with a relationship that I had with her intp friend. She has told him to stay away from me and not talk to me, she has told...
Okay, personal question. WTF is wrong with confronting people? seriously? i just had my fucking goddamn boss message me from this douchebags phone. as in respond to my what's up message because i was...
If you found exactly what you were looking for in a mate, what would stop you from pursuing him or her?
Say you have a one night stand. Would you be interested in seeing them again? If they interested me enough for me to go home with them, I would definitely be interested in getting to know more of...
Observation: enfj, I don't care.
How do you let someone know you're still interested but don't want everyone to know?
I'd ignore your annoyance and still tell you.
Question, INTPs. For what reason would you participate in small talk with someone who you apparently have no feelings for?
Iamtp how did you both know it wouldn't work? And why didn't you try to go around the circumstances? did you talk about it before mutually I guess giving up?
Oh, relationship in the work place? How many of you believe in that? Because I tots don't.
When ending a relationship, how do you handle it if you see the person again? If you still have feelings but know nothing will happen for a while or ever, how do you handle the situation?  I should...
companionship-y-thing sounds nice. like someone you could sit on the couch next to while both reading a book and simply interrupt with OMG LISTEN TO HOW AWESOME THIS SOUNDS and share your research...
Well then...
What would define a deal breaker for you? What do you need or want in a relationship? I really expected more answers. Whatevs.
If you could change anything about your relationships what would it be? to make it perfect
No. Another INTP.
has any intp here dated another intp? how was it and what did you like or dislike about it?
Well if you spend more time with him you'll know he at least enjoys your company. He won't put time into something that he doesn't think is worth it.
She could always wait too. It depends on how long you've known him for and what he has going on. I find INTPs really prioritize and compartmentalize their lives. Women included.
See, Iamtp, if he's not interested, what difference would it make if she stopped talking to him for a while? I mean, besides curing curiosity, it doesn't change how he sees or thinks of her, will it?
Sucky.
Guys and girls can't be friends. Someone always likes the other. And if the other is working to get closer, well then you have yourself a new relationship. I will now be backing away from my INFJ...
wait, why are these romantic feelings so difficult to identify or deal with? I mean, I have the problem of answering the question Why do I feel this way towards this person. before giving myself to...
Thank you  Seeker.  Iamtp thanks for the offer. But I'm moving on from this conversation and situation. It's too much time wasted and I have more important things to do than sit around thinking about...
Truth doesn't hurt. You were just being an ass  passmethecookies. I agree with you. He's a douche for wanting to use me. But get a grip? Even you could understand the issues I'm having with this. I'm...
And this is where you need to work on sensitivity.
excuse the last post. i'm so fucking confused with this it's not even possible to logic myself out of this. i'm hungry and tired and disinterested. fucking emotions. i don't know why i try to think...
Yeah I'm not moving. I'm actually pretty done with the confusion. I'm looking forward to telling the words we need to talk when he contacts me (considering the pattern, he will) and going off on...'"


2215: 'You beat me to it!  :laughing:
THIS! I don't know what's so hard to understand about it, either.   I prefer their Mexican pizza with extra cheese, but I'm damned if they even know what the phrase means half the time. :P    ...
Why can't so many people eat Taco Bell without getting the shits?   I mean, this is great for cheap lols and all, but past a certain point you wish people would just stop whining and STFU.
I have not known one, but there's no reason why one shouldn't exist out there somewhere.
Some people will find most (or even all) of the things you like and find interesting to be pointless, stupid, and/or boring as hell.   Other people, you will find most (or even all) of the things...
From all I remember, when it comes to teenage and early twentysomething males, it usually boils down to two factors...  1) Is she hot, and  2) Is she stupid/useless enough to make me feel...
On the job, if they are intelligent, at least relatively trustworthy, have a decent work ethic, actually give a shit about something other than themselves, and are more competent at whatever it is...
Eh, I've seen plenty of other young NT males (and not type 8's) do it, too.  I think of it as a stage that they pass through.
I have an idea as to why this might be. I see it in a LOT of younger men who are bright, especially NTs.   Unfortunately, intelligence and wisdom are not the same thing, and thus, many of these men...
https://forum.warthunder.com/uploads/monthly_2016_10/necroposting-796x640.jpg.a824d6a5db8b1aaec1473f1749823a75.jpg.f640bcf7348b31d6405676a3d726fd96.jpg
This passage is from The Long Walk, by Stephen King, and it has always made me laugh.    Tubbins had gone insane. Tubbins was a short boy with glasses and a faceful of freckles. He wore hiphanging...
They're quite right about the value judgments of inferior Introverted Feeling being barbaric and absolute in expression...  When I think of an honest living, I think of reciprocity -- not taking...
Over the course of a few conversations, I have run across something rather interesting regarding geographic areas (United States), gender, and the phenomenon of giving unsolicited advice.   Most of...
You have said nothing regarding her age or any potential health issues. If she's only middle-aged now, she could end up living for decades to come. Forty years from now, are you still going to be...
Being an extrovert doesn't mean you're bouncing around like a game show host with a meth habit every moment you're awake, lol!   Yes, I like my me time, and find it essential to my mental balance.
I say be careful. No, it's not a type thing, nor even a chatterbox thing.   When a guy who barely knows you blows that hot, it is usually a bad sign.
Is this ENTJ a psychiatrist, or is he your psychiatrist? Because if he is your psychiatrist, then the two of you being involved sexually isn't merely dubious on his part.  Regarding the ethics of his...
I'm getting a BPD vibe, here. Am I warm?  No, this is not meant as an insult. It's an honest question.
Thank you all.  At least it was relatively quick... only about a week and a half from when I talked to him on his birthday and he was fine, to being planted in the ground.  At least he didn't have...
Ok. I'm not too good at beating about the bush, so I'll just get to the point.  My father is dead. He died late July, after being sick for a week and a half.  You remember how I bitched some time...
There's a lot of overlap in these questions between autism and obsessive-compulsive personality disorder.   Typically, neither an autistic nor an OCPD enjoy their routines being disturbed, or are...
I would not make a bad therapist, but it would probably be more from the schools of functionalism/behaviorism, or gestalt psych (as Fritz Perls did it... basically, calling people out on their own...
Dealing with strong Fi tends to make my own Fi louder, if that makes any sense. It is easier for me to hear it, connect with it, and understand it when the process is being bootstrapped by someone...
Look. New job or not, do you seriously believe he can only spare 10 seconds to shoot you a text  once every seven days, but mysteriously somehow gives a damn about you at all?  ...  I hate to...
Was thinking mostly of Te development in FPs when I said that.  If they are healthy, their Te becomes more developed as they age, in much the same way as our Fi does.
Elistra, the Emissary of Unwelcome Truth Rustling jimmies since 1976.  :tongue:  My instinct is that it will break down at least somewhat by age. Some of the younger ones might not like it, but...
I'm at the extremes on both ends, judging from the feedback I have received over the years. I have no poker face regarding my thoughts and opinions, but at the same time (barring anger) my emotions...
I think it is not only ok to try and figure out what makes someone tick, but it is morally imperative that you do so, at least if you're going to have to spend any real amount of time around this...
I used to e-brawl a fair bit when I was younger, too. In my case it was generally on politics boards, or sometimes on the various boards of a (now defunct) MMO, Asheron's Call 1.   An NT, married...
:laughing:  Your rhetorical hyperbole aside, I do sense a certain self-defeating streak within you. Not even in the name of a putative 'greater good' either... not martyrdom.   Rather, it is in...
There are sometimes signs. For example, they sort of hang out on the periphery of the group, say nothing, and look awkward for awhile. Then, they go away. If they return and then continue with that...
This thread is hilarious.  :laughing:
Ah, but you are. You don't actually want to win...
And that is what you seek here... for us to beat the (verbal) shit out of some kind of inner child of yours?  Why? What is the point in this thing that you do?
I married one of your kind, you would be surprised at how comfortable I've grown with Ti over the years.   Ti in service to Te, mind you. Much like Aristotle (often typed ENTJ, as well) I see no...
So, you kind of have an ENTP trolling subroutine in your mainframe?  :wink:
*reads over the preceding commentary*  @knifey   Let me guess, you have very weak introversion and are in fact almost an extravert, right? Right on the border, there?   You verbally poke in the...
Surprised you didn't just go for his mom and save yourself the trouble. It's kind of like this...   http://i.imgur.com/6SEAD.jpg :laughing:
If I were to shut down my Fi, I would lose not only my humanity (such as it is), but my moral bellwether, and also the energy source which underwrites everything I do.   If you stop and think about...
Now, if I...  1) Did not experience the oxytocin surge (some people don't, or do but at a much lesser intensity),  2) Had a higher sex drive (testosterone being the primary hormonal determinant of...
All I ask is that I'm not put in the Bitch box again. One, I've spent a lot of time in that one as it is.  Two, it's dingy in there, the wallpaper is faded and peeling, and there are no ashtrays.  ...
When people say that kind of thing, I hear them saying they are a special little snowflake, are afraid someone will figure them out, or both.  Harsh, but true.
I support those who support me, regardless of species.    ... although admittedly, what spiritual/religious impulses I do have are along those lines, yes.
I've never seen the 'don't put me in a box' attitude in someone without it being accompanied by one of the following:  1) OMG I'M SUCH A SPECIAL LITTLE SNOWFLAKE THAT I'M COMPLETELY UNLIKE ANYONE...
Grats.  :)
I'm growing tomatoes this year, among other things. I don't need pesticides, because I let all the spiders who want to live on them, as well. There are webs stretching between areas of the same...
What is it with people who use the word yikes conversationally? I've yet to meet even one person who uses that expression who isn't immature, extremely annoying, and not worth talking to, just in...
Why do they even do that for? Is acting like a smarmy little twelve year-old girl supposed to be even remotely attractive? I'm not into other women, and I'm sure as hell not into children, so the...
I was never one for casual encounters either, even before I was married. To be perfectly vulgar, there's nothing I can get from a casual hookup that I couldn't get with far less time investment and...
Tact = WIP, probably always will be.   You know, I think part of my problem is that I have the sort of tact most ExTJ can appreciate, but not necessarily others. This happened years ago, but it is...'"


2270: 'If you can, get your hands on Tim Ferriss' Four Hour Chef. Lots of interesting information in it, but he starts with eggs (cause they're easy) and then walks you through making the best damn...
Not officially, but I've been down this road before. Last time it was a couple good years before I really got a grip on the constant headaches, but I was a kid and wasn't sent to any follow up...
Meh. Car accident. Not my fault but get the worse end of the deal. As you do. :P Recovering alright, though, I just get frustrated because it's slowing me down so much, mentally as well as...
Brain injuries suck worse than bodily ones.  Two weeks out from a concussion and I'm still fighting headaches and dizziness at every turn.  But as I sit stewing in the misery of softened acuity...
How many siblings do you have? 3 Gender/sex? F, F, M Age gap? 9, 7, and 2 years Are they older or younger than you? All older How close is your relationship? 1 - very. 2 - it fluctuates. 3-...
I'm usually excited about the holiday season, but dammit, it's mid-November and I've got headphones in at Starbucks so I don't have to listen to the irritatingly cheerful Christmas music they're...
Ehm. Yeah. Theory definitely says that a person tends to want to date someone within a couple points of their own perception on the attractiveness level. And men in particular prefer to date up; I...
Woman with Terminal Illness Runs Her Last Marathon | Runner's World  I'm not crying. I'm not having feels. I swear I'm not.
If you figure it out, let me know.  I'm currently with someone who's maybe a little younger, less established, not quite as gorgeous but smarter than I could have hoped.  He doesn't fit all my...
Hmm... Not a bad idea. Know any? ;)
Many of my friends are complaining about this.  I hate the movement... but hell, forget playing the opposing grinch. They want Christmas on their cups, dammit, I'll give them Merry Christmas in my...
I find myself warring with this internally quite often, actually. I have friends who have minimal travel experience or interest, who's greatest aspiration in life is parenthood and home ownership,...
Haha true enough - and I'm finding that ENFPs have a weird penchant for incredibly tiny details. I've had more than one in the last few months tell me about this or that side project they've been...
Way to go! Also, I love the Snoopy happy dance. I used to have the music on my phone to play whenever I decided my life needed a little more built in soundtrack. I should do that again...  I've...
Spent the day with my ENFP. Listened to nerdy movie soundtracks, watched nerdy movies, he explained laws of fluid dynamics, I performed a few of my favorite arias... Seriously, how does an ENFP get...
I don't think I'd probably leave him behind... he's in a very strange place now, but working things out and I have a strong feeling given 3 years and the slightest encouragement, he's gonna be wiping...
Action...   Meet consequence. Not saying he's in the right... Don't know the specifics or how long it's been or what..  Just noting that trust is a lot harder than no but really this time I'm...
Duuude... I've been an old lady since I was 15. I'm just finally getting old enough that fewer people are judging me for it. Don't you start. :P
That's awesome!  I have decided to make it my personal goal to introduce people to all the cool different ways one can be active and athletic. Too many people are like ughhh I don't like working...
Female ENTJ type 3 here, recently Totally Not Dating ENFP probably type 7. I love that he isn't scared of my enthusiasm for things and is super excited to learn and do things out of the ordinary....
MsBossyPants I'm coming to your place next year...  I drank hard cider and sang Disney duets with my friend while wrapped in a sheet. (We were the muses from Disney's Hercules...) Didn't buy any...
That awful, awful moment when you design a beautiful business card... get the opinions of your usual business and brainstorming partners... it looks beautiful, it has a great tagline, they're all for...
Romance entanglements. Love triangles unknowingly created by a wanna be helpful friend. Eff. Who locked the liquor cabinet...
Careful what you say around here. It only takes a couple words for me to get the urge to start encouraging a person who needs to start getting off their butt... haha  I got myself up into a...
I've known a couple introverts who consider time spent with me introvert time. One an INTP, one INFP. The INFP and I used to just drive to a park or somewhere and sit with our books for half the...
To absolutely nobody's surprise, the first night I watched it I decided to see how good my back bends are. I used to be able to roll up backwards quite remarkably, but I'm out of practice. It's hard...
My feelings for you, dear Canis, have nothing to do you with your looks. :P  As the ankle gets stronger and I'm less terrified of coming down on it, I'm putting a little more of my strength and...
Aaaand having just purchased a bottle of it over the weekend, I remember why it's been so long since I invested. I don't think this fits the criteria of not being pure poison. Yikes. Still. Just...
Haha yeah. But then I know an ESTP who's been doing freelance work for NASA with the intent of becoming quite literally, a rocket scientist. A little bouncing between E/I seems to change the life...
I. Love. Dvorak. That whole era of nationalist composers and their contemporaries is pretty much my favorite of everything ever. I mean Mozart is great and all, but have you heard the Moldau...
Show off.  ;)  Meanwhile, I have a new life goal.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTMjzv22FuQ&amp;feature=youtu.be Obsessed with this video/woman. Yup. Stunning.
Grappa? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grappa I can't make any specific brand rec's as I've never had it in the states, but it's good stuff, in my recollection.
I'm truly sorry to hear that. Different Sbux have different vibes depending on locales and offerings. I've found one with a largely business crowd-work meetings or free lancers or sometimes, crochety...
Fascinating. Stand up against your ideas. Don't take crap. Good idea reflectors. In my experience, have a bad habit of the knight in shining armor, so they want a squishy SF. When they've spent their...
Fun fact; when Howie left the company a few years back, they introduced food and ovens. When he came back as CEO because the company can't function without him, first thing he said was get rid of...
Cool! I'm super paranoid to try the bench press, tbh. I read something once about someone dropping it on their throat and destroying their larynx. Haha. So I've never gone beyond just the bar. :P ...
I was once told that one of my best traits is I permit people to be a little arrogant about themselves. They feel safe coming to me saying they're going to go for this or that opportunity because...
Yeah, I like a strong man, sure - I am very tall and dense, and enjoy being carried about like any dainty young flower... hahaha. But it kinda makes me mad when people ask specifically for a man's...
You make a good point. Most ENTJs I've encountered tend to think of their workouts in terms of functional training for... something. Even if it's just a healthier, stronger approach to day to day...
Well, same principle applies to both. Cajole and persuade, never force. ;) What do I know though, ISTPs are in short supply around here. The one I do know responds best to reverse psychology... why...
Never eradicate the Ti-doms. Only subjugate. God knows I need you people to pay attention to the tiny... tiny... details I keep overlooking. ;)
Planks (standard, backward, and side) and push ups made a huge difference. Rowing, too - dumbbell rows if you don't have a rowing machine. Plus - I don't know the name of them, but basically, on a...
Mr Canis I wanna know your numbers cause I like goals... ;)  I have two friends who have started as Beach Body coaches and I guess the new thing is private 7 day challenge/accountability groups? So...
That's fair. And I'm not saying it can't be useful to be willing to take an outside look at what might be a malicious or deeply unhealthy pattern. I just get uncomfortable when the first reaction to...
I find it interesting how many people in this sub-forum have the knee jerk instinct to tell someone who's SO is being slightly less than perfect to just leave them. Maybe my reading comprehension...
So for hyper mobility... Do you do any upper body work? My hips/legs have never been much of an issue, but if I don't consistently keep my core strong and engaged, I end up with ridiculous back pain,...
Story of my life. :P I used to be shy about it because ISFJs call it getting carried away and think I'm overwhelming and ridiculous.  I finally just accepted that the ones with a problem are just...
Buahaha whoops. Sorry, MsBossyPants. In my defense, I'm talking purely hypothetical situations here...  Mr Canis Give me a bit, I'll let you know.
Whoo! Thanks for doing this Canis!  I was never the skinny kid, quite the opposite in fact. I never paid it much mind - I worked out here and there, was never super out of shape... But then college...
This makes me feel... better? about the amount of ridiculously high ABV beer I've been drinking under the pretense of enjoying the seasonals. Hah.  Yesterday was my first completely dry day in a...'"


2317: 'I'm in the Army, so yeah, I gotta grow my beard.  Pentagon Study Finds Beards Directly Related To Combat Effectiveness | The Duffel Blog
Realistic.  Turns out that the world and life (and everything) only make sense because of God. Claiming it to be unrealistic (this is what is being said) is disrespectful. I won't go as far as to...
I am an ENTJ and practicing Catholic whose religion guides my actions. What are you trying to say?
Hey all,  So... is it common for someone to change personalities when moving from a country to another (different languages)?  Like... I feel I moved from ENTJ to ISTJ... is that possible? Is...
Hey all,  So... is it common for someone to change personalities when moving from a country to another (different languages)?  Like... I feel I moved from ENTJ to ISTJ... is that possible? Is...
Thanks for your comments! No, I do not need the links since they aren't really related to what I'm worried about, but they are probably really interesting. Perhaps if I had more free time I'd ask for...
Classmates, actually: No, I didn't have time to do my part..., I can't show up tonight for *insert something s/he is supposed to do here, I have to study, so I can't do my part... So, say...
Exactly. :/  What can I do to fix myself?
That's what I do. But my opinion is always that the other person did not lie or tried to pull a fast one or tried to use me or whatever you'd like to call it, EVEN when everyone else seem like...
Thanks, Abraxas... guess I forgot about that.  Zippy BawBaw and Thomas60 whaaa...?
Hey, how's everyone doing?  So... I have recently come to the conclusion that I am too easy with giving the benefit of the doubt to people... I try to never think that a person has an evil intent....
Sorry to keep hitting this button again and again. Again, I agree with what you are saying. It makes sense. But my dilemma is: only ONE person showed up. Is it possible everyone else was...
I'm the only one who showed up.  Now, please do explain your reasoning: why, if I was in the group of people who didn't show up, I/we would be at fault? That's what I'm trying to figure out.
I don't know why people didn't show up. But I would agree with the quoted part if more than one person showed up (say... if half showed up). Things is, only ONE showed up.
It is relevant, thanks.  Let me clarify the situation: there are a group of peers (read: no one is superior to another). A superior assigns a task to be completed by the subordinates (peers), and...
I understand what you two are saying. I actually used to agree with those perspectives, but then I found out that way too many people get offended by what I say. Therefore, there must be something...
Hehe, yes, guilty of both.
Hey ya'll!  So... I need some help. Throughout my life, I know to have offended some people by my word choice. Sometimes I can help, sometimes I can't.  On one recent situation, I was of the...
Hey ya'll!  So... I need some help. Throughout my life, I know to have offended some people by my word choice. Sometimes I can help, sometimes I can't.  On one recent situation, I was of the...
What's so bad about small talk anyway? It's fun and you get to know the other person... It's not like it's useless...
Yeah, but the problem is that, even though I did the bolded part, I still couldn't NOT be anxious...  Anyways, things changed now :)  Believe it or not, it's because I finally understood...
Hmm........
I always spend a lot of money on books.  But I know I most probably won't read all of them.  Heh.  Knowledge through osmosis is what I'm trying to do. Hasn't worked thus far but... eventually...
Well, some countries don't even let you give up your citizenship unless you're naturalized in another country...
Everything but this (or if you bring up a topic that is... perhaps too will-never-happen, if that makes any sense) seems to match me well, I think (maybe values match, depending on your values, of...
Everything but this seems to match me well, I think (well, maybe values, depends on which ones you have).  Problem is, how would I or you attract/meet people similar to us? I mean, our expectations...
Definitely not. I like to be joyful/cheerful but I have a hard time being so when I'm very tired or stressed.  If people were ALL based on first impressions... I'd be more alone than I am right now.
My sarcasm (and over-sincereness) have not conspired well to make me friends. Now, I believe I have eliminated sarcasm from my speech. But I find it hilarious when other people do it!
You see, I'm allergic to adorableness :/  Check 1:07  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKB4h9gvmm0&feature=relmfu
http://cdn.styleforum.net/2/2c/2c72a775_bitch_please.jpeg  http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ludifaGXeC1qc4dkho1_500.jpg The P90 is an automatic weapon.      Just kidding!! I just wanted...
I'd love to be able to... sense? how I come across to other people/how do they see me. I'm a little tired of being seen as uncaring and arrogant...     And that as well.
So hm, I'm not the OP by the OP's description fits me perfectly. So... do you mind if I answer these? :)  1)Yes. Roman Catholic. Pretty uptight. Church every Sunday. No premarital sex and stuff. ...
Hi! Fun fact, did you know that perfume first became a major industry in France? That's because they didn't take many showers, so they used perfume to hide the odor! By the way, are you French? ...
MyDarkAngel  http://www.mememaker.net/static/images/memes/1089.jpg  That's a compliment hahahaha.  Seriously though, I've never pictured an ENTJ to be so delicate, yet so... ferocious with that...
I like to think that, in hindsight, (ALMOST*) everything becomes funny. In other words, funny and interesting stories to tell :)  *Don't go off doing illegal or ridiculously dangerous things,...
I... don't think pointing fingers is the best way to do it. I'd definitely go talk to an employee of trust, of you have any (such as whoever handles your training schedule).
HAHhahahhaha awesome job!!!!!! Congratulations, you deserved it!  Seriously, I'm so happy for you =)
hotmustard632 You do realize my avatar is a fictional character (impersonated by a person), not a person, right?
Does the school offer counselor support?  Also, I like how you know what's going on with you - what your father is doing - is WRONG. Because when you become a father, you'll be a great father,...
If a homosexual comes talk to me, I won't treat him/her differently.  For example: if someone who is for abortion comes talk to me (I am against abortion), I will treat him like any other person. I...
Congratulations on your A!  Now, ignore what she said. There's no point listening to people who don't know what you're going through (or at least don't understand). Try to focus on doing well on...
I'm against homosexuality because of my religion. I have nothing against the homosexual.  In other words, I have nothing against the people who made this choice; what I dislike is the choice itself.
Don't see it as change, but rather self-improvement, personal growth.
Hmm... In the beginning of this year, when I was literally starting conversations with almost everyone I met (specially the pretty girls I'd never have the guts to talk to before), I felt awesome...
You will enjoy it! Doing silly things normally feels weird at the moment but they never fail to put a smile on my face when I think back about how stupid were the things I was doing hahaha
You know, it's not like anyone there will recognize you. You can do a lot of weird stuff and nobody will hold you accountable for that.  That's the problem with shyness, isn't it? To be afraid...
Think of it this way: humans are social creatures - they WANT to be approached, and are flattered by being approached. Being approached makes them feel important, which is one of the most basic human...
I'm just like that. Most of the time, specially when it's a matter of opinion, I tend to say something not entirely correctly (it's not that I'm lying, but my impulse response tends to be wrong,...
I used to be EXACTLY like that.  Now... trust me on this. Seriously, RELAX. Do NOT worry. Do NOT try to think of an answer before asking. If you are RELAXED and NOT WORRIED about what you're gonna...
Same here. I do get slightly offended if I'm the target. But if someone ELSE is the target - specially someone I care about -, you better be careful.'"


2337: 'MsBossyPants Seriously, every time you post I feel like you always express my very exact thoughts and experiences!!! I feel like you are in my head! So thankful to have you in this forum.  Anyway,...
Appi  Interest: Whether it be romantic or friendship, time is valuable. If time is given to you by an ENTJ, then you may be interesting to the ENTJ. The kind and amount of time spent on you may be...
luckyfun2014 You can adopt a manner of stating your views in a non-argumentative way, so they will not perceive you as complaining, negative, or arrogant.   It can also be beneficial to think about...
1) Irrational talk and speculation that serve no purpose, which often involve baseless speculations that are tied to what the speaker hopes to be true, but such speculation have always been...
I find that my relationship with God improves the more truth I know about God. It's simply a matter of growing in knowledge of God. The more I knew about him, the more I grew to love God. I find a...
I am an ENTJ Christian, and you can say that I have become more devoted to my relationship with God.  The thought of death definitely plays a part in it, and I find mortality to play a significant...
As an ENTJ, as I am getting older, I have found some of the older ways to be more profitable than some more interesting and novel ways of doing things.  That being said, we may appear to become...
I find myself not so much of a risk taker in the sense that I want to make sure my cards are all in place. Thus, a person having a close relationship with us means that we are at ease with that...
petitpèlerin  You are absolutely on point with the not doing anything halfway! My thought process is either go all the way or never. Halfing is unacceptable, especially to the object of the action....
tasminapatel  It's a type of vasculitis that ends up in renal failure. Even with a transplant, the immune system will still destroy it. It will be a life of constant monitoring of renal function. I...
The 11th Doctor  Interesting. As an ENTJ, my self worth is internally generated, because I know that I matter, and my thoughts and actions validate that. It is not dependent on how people treat me....
Unstereotypical behaviors: -I have bouts of laziness, in which I know I am being unproductive and yet I still engage in it -I am appreciative of people by saying good things to them -I reframe...
Norina  I think you hit the nail right in the head. My ESFJ friends are very good at remembering things that I say, and seem to work around that. I think it made me like them a lot because I felt...
petitpèlerin Emotional stability is definitely descriptive of me. I almost never react emotionally to anything initially, since emotions run awry never result in anything good.   And you may be...
Just wondering, what draws you guys to certain people?  This year I recently moved to a new city and knew nobody. But for some reason, a lot of the close friends that I made turned out to be...
psychsike  The normal, customary sense of paying attention is focused with the eyes but you can tell that it is accompanied with simultaneous reflection of the idea being presented. It is not as...
Hibiscus  Thanks for the detailed response!  And there is truth in that we are kind of in your face with what you see is what you get. At least for myself, it makes things go by faster and...
telracs This is a good general description of how I relate to those whom I consider my close friends!  And you may be right that we aren't the first people you may think of when asking for...
Hibiscus This is literally how both of my new ESFJ male friends stare at me, especially when I am making a very important point.  It throws me off so much because I came from a very competitive...
telracs  Interesting.   For some reason, a lot of the people that I have drawn towards myself recently tended to be XNFJs and XSFJs.  Don't know why. All I can think of is that in the past...
Tested ESFJ. I was somewhat close. Maybe he was bordering between the two, because I had the impression that he was leaning towards introvert, since the one ESFJ I know just does not stop talking.
johnson.han.3   You seem very very similar to him! That's exactly what he did to me! I feel like he kind of observed me from a distance before all of this! I met him at some Bible study, and...
somevegetables Interesting! I read the post and it seems similar to his stare. Although his stare to me has this weird soft/loving gaze. I was almost thrown off thinking that he has this weird desire...
angelcat I myself am not a stranger of talking in generalities, principles and symbols versus talking about concrete examples. I love exploring theories, taking them apart, and then showing its...
somevegetables Being an Ni-Aux (ENTJ), I found myself communicating to him very well, since there are a lot of things that he just understands when I talk to him. Do you think it has something to do...
I recently made a good friend I met from a Bible study and we instantly hit it off. Both of us are not from the area so both of us were looking to make friends.   What made us friends was when he...
I recently made a good friend I met from a Bible study and we instantly hit it off. Both of us are not from the area so both of us were looking to make friends.   What made us friends was when he...
personalproblems My situation may be different because I tend to be ambiverted (although never tested INTJ, always ENTJ). Nevertheless, I tended to be more quiet when I was a child for a number of...
maust so much THIS
Merry in Sunshine  He is aware that he is an ENFJ since I asked him to take the test. He identifies himself as a guru and did acknowledge that the ENFJ description was spot on to how he sees...
Merry in Sunshine  Interestingly, I am feeling this somewhat distrust towards the ENFJ male that I mentioned. He seems to be vacillating when it comes to being friendly and being open and private...
Present!
I would say I was ambivert and still am.   This might sound bad but when I was younger, I though a lot of my peers were stupid so I had felt no motivation to interact with them because their...
I've had two ENFJ friends: one girl and one guy. My father is an ENFJ.  Both friends self-identify as leader types, but when they are aware that the area concerned is not their expertise, they have...
Bronafide It would be my pleasure to explain it to you! However I do not think a forum thread would be the most appropriate place to deliver the explanations. Perhaps another mode of communication?
Digitaldream Welcome to PerC! And nice to meet another ENTJ Christian! Thought I was all alone here.
Bronafide  Interesting! I was thinking about that too but you laid it out nicely! Physiologically, the high testosterone exposure in the womb is also manifested in my physical traits. Plus, I tend...
Bronafide  Interesting! Can you expand on this?
Father: ENFJ Fe Ni Se Ti  Mother: ESTJ Te Si Ne
Gypsysoul It seems like your private messages inbox is full and it is not allowing me to send you a response. Let me know if it's been fixed or if there is an alternate means that you prefer to keep...
Gypsysoul This makes a lot of sense! Thanks for breaking it down to me. And you were pretty accurate. For someone still in college, I make quite a bit of money, and tend to not struggle with most...
Gypsysoul Thanks for your input! And welcome to PerC! I feel special that your first post is in my thread!  However, I'd like to add a few confounding variables:  1) I've known this one Fe dom...
ENTJ here Outside of close personal relationships:  1) Want to help others when you can: Depends. If the person deserves help, sure. If they don't deserve it (someone lazy or not trying) a huge...
sggirb  If the male counterpart of that word were used at me (a-hole, d**che), I probably will laugh it off. I am aware that I do not deliberately do things that will cause people to genuinely call...
Elistra cerenach  Funny how you guys pointed out Fe. The person I have in mind is and Fe dom. Maybe it's a mirroring thing? It upsets me how I can't really pinpoint the person's identity. I don't...
Hello all,  I've been noticing somewhat of a pattern with how people generally relate to me.  In the most general form, here are two qualities of the said pattern (in my presence):  1) They...
ENTJ and Christian. Church to me is definitely not an obligation. I have questioned everything and found it to be truth.
ikeurban21  I actively engage in this as well. I believe that my purposes and goals are served best if I know who I'm dealing with. Knowing how someone operates and thinks determines how I deal...
Mr. Challenger  Her results could be consistent. I consider the bolded statements to be generally true about how I deal with people.  We as ENTJ's are often stereotyped as opposite of those...
AshtangiBear  Exactly how I feel! Although there's kind of a twist in my case.  If it's a woman, I'm more tolerant. when they touch me innocently (more of in a platonic way), I feel that they are...'"


2423: 'Ask him what he's looking for. Then ask him to your place. There's not much we can say.
A great list. I'm at the moment pretty much in the same situation. Experiencing withdrawal from friends. What's the point to see them when my personal life situation is what it is. I would add a few:...
Clearly school hasn't been your #1 priority in life and I guess now you want to just get it over with. I think you still got it. You just got to find it somewhere. You think you can do it, then why...
Am I missing something here? Why does inexperience equal disingenuous?   Oh god, I've done worse. If someone ghosts you just forget it.   I know right. Sometimes it's the best not to remain...
Evolution. Basically nature figured out that shit gets done if you have a decent amount of Ts. Add some female Fs and men have a reason not to be gay.
Although there are always exceptions this is still a great opener. I can definitely understand thinker males going for feeler females. Aren't we all looking for something we can't provide for...
The title. I like to think that ENFPs just love to see shit blow up on their screens. Isn't your Ne just stimulated by amazing graphics and a good story? Are photorealistic games your dream? Combined...
Tell me about your bad experiences and how do you see them. How have they shaped you? Do you think you've had many bad experiences? Everyone most likely has had some, but do you see past experiences...
There's really no reason why an INFP couldn't enjoy concrete experiences. Yeah I would say an INFP... Why three posts in a row?  Edit: You love doing dishes?  :exterminate:
Why do you care that people are mistyped? Well I gotta say that I also find it annoying when people describe what it's like to be X-type in X section only to see now their profile shows Y-type. But...
You served a purpose once, now you don't. People grow apart. :( Of course you can try to be initiative as well.
I think INFPs get frustrated with a lot of things and lot of weird things happen to them, but usually they keep this to themselves. So when someone is there to listen they explode with their...
How many of you have seen this classic? Firstly, do we agree that we have an ENTJ main character here? At least I related a lot. I found this ENTJ entrepreneur interesting in many ways. You can see...
Oh this was interesting. As an extrovert I can relate to stating the obvious, that's what I do as Te - state facts as small talk. Funny to think of all INTPs being judgmental like that in their...
What do you think are the downsides of Ti, if any? Too much thinking, as if there can be? Its subjectivity? How do you experience subjectivity? I think I got some idea about it: when an INTP talks...
Usefulness of love is facilitating attachment and bonding between two individuals, to keep them together over possible gestation and childhood of their offspring. You don't necessarily need love to...
TheVerb drop and give me 50, and repeat to me, We're not pretentious, we're the master race.
Firstly a nice family you got there doing tests together and all. I see why they got defensive about you criticizing the test. You were ruining the nice family moment and thus violating social...
Not like we can't enjoy a movie without relating to it. I just might understand it through you. A good date movie with an INFP? Is this Pixar's take on emotional learning, teaching people necessary...
You make the best friends for an ENTJ. That means there's at least one type who appreciates you, so don't quite go hanging yourself yet.
Why double quotes? Cognitive empathy, as they call it, is a great tool for understanding people. Some TeSe ENTJs actually seem quite simple at times, inflicting pointless arguments and attacks, when...
He's got a hold of you before you wake up? You might be dealing with a stalker. Are you asking if he's interested in more than just holding you? I think a beneficial ownership transaction might be in...
Definitely obsessed and it shows in everything I do and say. Obsessions are a part of my daily routines. I believe an obsession begins to fade when there's nothing new to be learned. After a year or...
Guy's just as scared as you are to do anything, it doesn't mean it's not serious. If you want him, message him on Facebook. If not, forget it.
Database designed already, that's half the work. Sounds rather easy, I think you can do it.
Oh god BASIC, not really the nicest introduction to programming I would say. Can I ask what is it you're supposed to do, to get some idea of the project?
Actually no, ENTP is actually your conflictor. Duality - Wikisocion  Greetings your dual.
ISFJ is your dual. ISFP is not ISFp. You're not the first one to fall for that.
Last Christmas was fun: 4 ENTJs and one INFP.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Promiscuity#Global_studies  As a Finn, I've read Finnish women being the most experienced in Europe as well. Something we can be proud of.
You have to name a few and I'll get back to you.
Et tu, Mike? Have you read: ENTJ Personal Growth  Don't we all have problems? Been jealous, have said bad things, made people mad, still don't understand people.
Well what do you expect with a title like love from an INTP and without a question to force ENTJs answer it? What is  zerkalo really wanting us to say? Emotional support? We're not up for that....
ENTJs are only charismatic in situations in which it'd be somehow helpful or needed. Ni-ENTJ can be verbally charismatic in his own way    Well said there.
If you really want to share it with him. Just tell him a little about the system and what you have learned from it. He will be surprised there's something he hasn't (possibly) heard about and that'll...
Your traits will be socially valuable when you stop hanging with ESFJs.
INTPs trolled hard: http://personalitycafe.com/intp-forum-thinkers/411402-i-hate-inspirational-messages-why-2.html#post13171938
Yeah that's what I meant by a side effect. Now you did have a logical explanation for it, but the feeling was totally unnecessary right. The regular yourself would've thought, Well I can go...
Why do you care what they think? Unless they think your motivations are always negative and it somehow affects your life. I don't think an ESFJ will ever understand me either, but I just let them...
Anger for me manifests as a side effect of unsettled emotions. Start tending to your emotional intelligence. Introspect and come to terms with your feelings. Living in a denial doesn't change the...
Was she taking a shower in the whirlpool area? Just wondering whether she was hinting of leaving. Okay, usually works.
I have come to the same conclusion. Most ENTJs I meet are very Te/Se, while I have high Ni/Fi for an ENTJ. I don't think that was supposed to happen naturally, at least for myself. I see it as that I...
Not five minutes literally hah.
What's the reasoning behind avoiding eye contact (crush etc.)? Seems a bit counterproductive to me. I've been staring at you for five minutes yet you pretend to stare at the wall. What do you think...
An INTP trolling hard here.  You don't know what others think of you? I guess that's something ENTJs and INTPs share. It's an illusion anyway, as long as it's positive it's all good. Don't worry...
I myself find Fe-characters more interesting because that is a world I have never experienced myself. You find fascinating skills you don't possess, I think. I see Fe-movies as a way for myself to...
Then what would we need women for?  Would be one step towards equal rights for men; no more but women have babies argument.
ENTJ - Oh wait was that today's The Wall Street Journal might as well check the business. Harlan Daily Enterprise what is this crap?  See it?
Lack of Se, I think Se is generally looked upon as confidence in Se-doms etc. INTJs more often live in their own fantasy lands than ENTJs. People are people, everyone can have confidence issues.
You ask what fuels the confidence? Food.   No ENTJ can answer a question like that, it just comes naturally. Analyze the cognitive functions. Ever seen an ENTJ not stand up straight, me neither....'"


2452: 'I find it a very natural relationship, and I tend to bond very easily with them, possibly easier than with any of the other intuitives.  It would be interesting to see how much there is to the...
Okay, so it's not such a great match romantically... So it is said.  But consider this (from Aged 30 onward):   There is no reason why we cannot achieve development at a younger age. Especially...
Berdudget When in doubt, just remember: you are king type.  On the other hand, you can be hell when unhealthy. But when you're just average, your moodiness is nothing compared to average Three...
It's funny, it would be shit, but of the 9 types they have the issue I have least problem with. I could only be with a Four and maybe a Six long-term. Everyone else would drive me up the wall one way...
That'd make you |S|coEi or |S|coEx    scoE|I| nice one! You're pretty balanced.    |S|COEi or S|C|OEi
SCOEI is the place to be!  I was testing SCOEN for a while, but I was answering the open-minded questions wrongly... I'm also lacking in common sense more than I'd like to be! :p
You look like a cool dude. I prefer a closer shot, but that's just my personal preference. Far can work!
If you want a better test that might make more sense and isn't as much of a bastard to you:  https://www.bbc.co.uk/labuk/experiments/personality/
Ahh I take it you took the Electic Energies test? Yeah that's bullshit. Best to do your own research on stacking somewhere like here:  Enneagram Test, Instinctual Subtypes, Enneagram Subtypes |...
I think I know what you're talking about now.  For example, I was given an awful, fail mark in a Criminal Law mock exam. It said something like disappointing, you need a far great understanding...
sco|E|i maybe sCo|E|i  Nice going, like me but more moderate (and thus balanced).  BTW, you say you're 3-8-1. Fair game, but if you're sx/so, you're sx/so across all types, not just Three, and so...
Chanceless. You'll be a more balanced Seven showing some good qualities at One.
So thattttt's SCOE|I| for SLOAN+ cool.
I think that particular Big 5 is just shit. Their Enneagram test isn't so good either. I did a BBC one which was okay (called something like the Big Personality test - Google it).
Yeahhh you blatantly are just insecure :)
You're really insecure, right?
You used miscalibrated in two sequential posts.  SHIT VOCABULARYYYYYYYYY.
He's self-typed ESFP though.  But I do agree he's ESTP.
Ehhh, I did thank your original post, but yep, you've confirmed that you are in fact a giant retard.
I'm Sco|E|i
WHAT!????? You're not a crazy who thinks type can change are you :p    So what do you think the difference between ENTJ and ENTP Eight leadership/lifestyle is?
Big Five is disgustingly biased. SCOEI, me, is awesome. The worst things  speaks up regardless of  consequences, controlling, domineering, ambivalent about the suffering of strangers,  not easily...
Yep, agreed.
Eights, please tell me about how Ne manifests itself in you.  And tell me about yourselves in general.
Less a question, more a statement. And judging from some responses, people are happy with this.   Every other ENTJ can go back to practising Tae Kwondo on top of a CEO's desk at That Massive...
Ahhh. I tend to just not get the eurgh, I feel shit comedown so spoken about. I just get the physical effects. Funny, actually, I probably don't experience the half of it when I'm actually up -...
That's awesome, thanks, esp re the 5-HTP.  Re: lower immune system, this is a general feeling of weakness though, even thought my diet and sleep were fine last night. I sometimes do get a feeling...
Could someone please tell me why after taking it you feel ill for a few days?   I mean essentially all that's happening is that your brain is getting a higher than normal dose of serotonin.  So...
The film: average Hollywood shit. The soundtrack: brilliant! Well worth checking out, here are the best tracks IMO:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZtr4uhgUHQ  ...
I told my girlfriend that if we ever stagnate I will leave her. I told her this because I knew we never would, but that's not the point. No matter how much I love someone, if we're not going...
I luckily cringe and leave before this happens.    Why capitalism in theory should work!
I hate most people because they're mindless slaves who haven't got an original thought or way of being. No one THINKS, they just exist.
http://sparklingophelias.files.wordpress.com/2010/09/blood300_080131040138517_wideweb__300x375.jpg
If you're an INTP, it can be especially difficult for you to decide between Eight and Five. Because INTP is fundamentally a very Fiveish type - probably the most common kind of Five (along with maybe...
Yeah man Tessio's fucking awesome!
This is the best thing to read:  Misidentifying Fives and Eights                                      These two types are not often mistyped, but share  similar attitudes. Eights and Fives both...
All to rare these days. I will post a selection of my faves:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4SmiDLtu_8   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ixt2UB4Itn8  ...
My fashion = Superdry + slim fit Levis + Nike hi-tops.  I dig but cannot afford A&F, so my one hoodie serves me well. I love the lil moose!  ETA: big fan of white t-shirts in the summer. I also...
Quad-shot ahaha
I'd turn gay for you.
Forgive me for sounding crude and/or sexist, but sounds like female bullshit.  What it means is that she is infatuated with you. She finds you sexually attractive, and it's very high-charged and...
haha, just got back from an assessment day. I was shattered.
This is something you can definitely work on and make yourself nicer around people. I know it sounds really shit, but actually I feel so much better when I relax and tone down around people. ...
Has genuinely gathered a decent crowd.  16types, EIDB - they're occupied by toxic characters who just stress you out and pull you into pointless politics and conflicts (which, I must admit, I'm...
Workaholism's catching up with me
Primarily Eights, but 3-6-8s or 6-8-3s I'd be interested to hear about.  How do you find life?
Definitely free market.  Social policies is a different question. If they benefit society, at small cost to business, I'm all for it - which, to be honest, many reasonable ones do e.g. Robin Hood...
My girlfriend is INFJ apparently. She just tells me I can't really explain it so quickly or I find it hard to talk when I've got to think on my feet. I either let her think, or we talk about...
Yeah, definitely Six. Not sure about the wing, I've always assumed 6w5 but 6w7 probably works.
ENTJ problem-solving FTW!'"


2536: 'Intp
Pnin by Vladimir Nabokov
The Civil War by Gaius Iulius Caesar
Enfp
Isfp
Ender in Exile by Orson Scott Card
http://i59.tinypic.com/25pnxbn.jpg  http://i58.tinypic.com/2h5i25c.jpg  Kamui Kirito: ENFJ & 1w2
Esfj
For all of these discussions about Francis' type, somebody already did write the difference between being a manipulative person and being a user of external feeling:  Question about Francis...
Isfp
Zoe Barnes: ENTP Frank Underwood: ENTJ & 3w4 Claire Underwood: INTJ & 3w4 Doug Tamper: ISTJ Seth Grayson: INTJ
Austerlitz by Winfried Georg Sebald
8w7 3w4 5w6 sx/so Andrew Wiggin, Lelouch vi Britannia and Grigory Alexandrovich Pechorin.
Your score was 85 of 100.   This puts you in the category of the high Machs, people who do not belive in the goodness of the world and that because that it must be manipulated, people who...
Entp
Manipulation isn't the equal of external feeling. A Te user can be very manipulative as well, Francis Underwood, for example. I have typed Kougami as an INTP, because he really shows too much...
Psycho-Pass  Kougami Shinya: INTP Makishima Shougo: INTJ & 9w1 Tsunemori Akane: INFP Ginoza Nobuchika: ISTJ
Entp
Der Kampf mit dem Dämon/Stefan Zweig
Yves Saint Laurent
The Darjeeling Limited
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde/Robert Louis Stevenson
Enfj
Enfp
Entp
A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess
The Royal Tenenbaums
Infj
Enfp
Isfp
Infj
Entj
Isfj
Infp
Enfp
Moonrise Kingdom
Isfp
Stalker La Dolce Vita Inception Nostalghia The Godfather Part I/II Inglourious Basterds Das Weisse Band The Grand Budapest Hotel Silence Of The Lambs Avengers: Age of Ultron
Invitation to a Beheading by Vladimir Nabokov
Hannibal Rising/Thomas Harris
Andrew Wiggin, Lelouch vi Britannia, Michael Corleone
I think it is easy to see him as an INTJ because of his enneagram. An ENTJ with type one can unconsciously create an illusion about himself that he is using his introverted feeling way more than a...
Monster Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu Aoi Bungaku
If you believe that the world is ultimately imperfect, that you must be competent, and that the objective of life is to improve yourself and the world around you(...) Type One has the role of “The...
http://i61.tinypic.com/wklixs.png  http://i58.tinypic.com/6ye7w2.png Lelouch vi Britannia   INTJ & 1w9   http://i59.tinypic.com/29vz9xw.png
Well, to be honest I have never think about his type before neither watched his actions with care. But I see a Ne-dom or Ne-aux.
Thus Spoke Zarathustra/Friedrich Nietzsche
http://i61.tinypic.com/2lnbgug.png  http://i58.tinypic.com/b9ddae.png  Kirishima Ayato  Unhealthy ESTJ & 8w7
Enfp
Infp'"


2718: 'Piggy backing on my previous comment, I'm again amazed that the industrial/dubstep sound of Skrillex is being considered for a handfull of Grammy awards.  A Grammy???  You mean the shity radio play,...
TheOpenDoor I'm pretty sure that was a compliment, so thank you.     To the rest,  I'm checking in only to check out, again.  I'm off P.C. for the Thanksgiving holiday, and will likely extend...
Thanks for this post.  I'm a huge Monty Python fan and can't believe I've never seen this sketch.  I love that Hegel is disputing the score based on the illusion of reality.  Friggin priceless!
In my K through 12 years I held every role except maybe jock.  I was the:  nerd, prep, burn out, popular kid, outcast, criminal, freak, bully, bullied, stand out, invisible, scholar, failure.   ...
Amazing!!!!  Never would have guessed to find such a synchronicity to my listening tastes.  I considered myself something of an outcast when it came to musical choice as my spectrum of interest is...
Wikipedia:About - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
TheBoss  You seem an intelligent person, and I like a good argument, but it seems you are avoiding the central point of my observation.  The main issue, that should be evident by now, is that you...
Generally speaking, we do, just some more than others.  Some are either blind to it or just let their little head do all the thinking.  Some will do the favor aware of being worked for other...
Supreme knowledge = to the men on the thread, sorry to burst the bubble and I doubt many of you will believe it but    Assume this is regarding my claim that you switched gears.  Your original...
You seem to be making two distinct points, and one of them is WAY off target from your original post.    A)   Women can manipulate men using root motivation of sex as a tool.  Sure you hinted at...
TheBoss  Okay, I'll accept that what you've described could work, or maybe already has.  I mean I've been guilty of holding a door or two.  But, I hold that door or share my knowledge because I...
Men do it to women as well.  For instance I took fiancé to high end department store and offered to purchase one of anything for her birthday.  She didn't bee-line for the jewelry, but eventually did...
Crap    True enough.    More crap.... mostly
Hahaha.   Okay, well though I consider myself as friend-zoned, I've surely not been figured out.  If you believe the later, I would be fascinated for you (or anyone really) to describe me.
I'm afraid to say much more, especially without a subject to focus on.  I was a total bad boy in every sense, so what seems reckless to me now seemed quite normal to me back then.  To give you some...
The actual first move was hers, but that’s rather tricky and she might disagree.  lol        She knew about me before she knew me, and since I was considered a player she thought me shit.  A friend...
I know that, you know that, but they can't see the gears moving.  They see only your overly swift yet well analyzed response.  Pragmatic though it may be, it's the method and speed of delivery that...
Wife is ENFJ, and there is no boss.  See above as to how our relationship works.  Regarding her F v/s my T, it can create conflict but I think when working together it allows for a more complete...
Dropped significantly after adolescence, more so after fatherhood.  Due to additional responsibilies or wisdom with age, I can't say.  Probably both.   Of late, I entered a push (mosh) pit without...
Two related to automobiles.  19 yrs old, during a 12 hour road trip, got bored around midnight on interstate 94 in Chicago and challenged myself to running entire downtown length at 90 mph or...
Does she seem judgemental and commonly have an angry look?   lol
Naw.... the common folk just think we are.   ...
lol   EXACTLY, just include the eyes looking upward and the lips pursed to one side with an audible hmmmpfff?
.....{waiting 5-10 seconds before responding}.....  :wink:  I disagree, the angry face is an ENTJ thing.  Coworkers have noted/complained about it, friends question it, and family jokes about it.
Agreed but I believe we are commonly seen as judgmental, dismissive or flippant.  Not because we are, but because we process problems/concepts using above method much faster than others leaving...
Einstein's Theory of Relativity, and all the current scientific aspects built upon it, could be wrong.    The principal in question is the speed of light.  Einstein's equations were built on the...
It's not the words, it's the intent.  Regardless of 1000 other worse ways to say it, his intent was to belittle or devalue based on bias of sex.  I wouldn't primarily consider his behavior as being...
Try….'This behavior and types of jokes will always exist in the world, if it doesn't it's because we were all EDUCATED in our sleep…’      You can't seriously consider in any form that Jerry's...
Took the words right out of my mouth, and still working through it.  In short, try to let go.  You can't control their action, only your reaction.(critical/bitter/irritated)       I agree it's an...
When I see an old homeless man on the street begging, I analyze his activity to make sure he’s not one of the crazies.  No, I ignore & walk past.  Yes, I still ignore but make a course correction.  ...
frozenchampion  Thanks for the laugh and good luck with..... um..... well .... good luck.
I agreed with the need for therapy.  I added intelligent points that you should change your approach if you actually want whatever your pont is to be taken seriously.  There is nothing I could say...
frozenchampion   I'm with wiarimus about you needing therapy.  I believe he originally made the statement with a light humor, but your irrational responses have brought an obvious truth to the...
Matters not.  Might what to start new thread to respect OP of this one.  Maybe toss out a few subjects to bounce w/your stand on them.    FYI- I'm gone til next week.
Interesting.  Care to show those mad skills?
Minimal emotional change and even less outward expression of it except for anger.  Anger or repression are my go to guys when experiencing most all negative emotions.  Not a healthy foundation I...
Did Strengths Finder 2.0 some time ago.  My top 5:  Strategic - one who is able to see a clear direction through the complexity of a situation Achiever - one with a constant drive for...
I currently don't have such discussions either, it was simply a way to explain my point without providing a platform that someone might segue for argument, like physics.  Regardless, the entire...
To make clear, there is no opportunity for me to participate in formal debates with a podium/audience.  My experience involves one-on-one, small groups or places like this.  My x91debatex92 is more a...
I have been privately involved in numerous charitable directives, all from a personal standing.  That is I had no pier group to impress(avoided them actually), or face to face interaction with any...
@ TheOpenDoor  Though I've made no comment for months, I have been lurking and at this point I must recant my self imposed silence to share an observation.  To be blunt, there is something wrong...
Ix92ve Been on P.C. for about a year now.  I picked up some interesting bits, engaged w/ some cool people, and generally enjoyed myself, but itx92s time to go.  Ix92m not looking for hugs & well wishes,...
You knew that going in as I quoted myself on the talking pigeon thing.  Regardless, the principles remain; I just fished emotion out of the discussion.
You might find this shocking, but I agree with you almost completely.  For me or anyone who accepted the statement was empty and unbelievable, the arguments presented did nothing to gain it traction....
Okay, enough of that.  As you may now see, there is no way to disprove my statement as it is empty.  But, note that any who tried to disprove the statement began their argument on the acceptance of...
@ pwiloson  Well played.  Though I remain resistant to your methods, I'll resist you no further.
Q. What chimp has ever uttered a beautifully worded sentence A. What makes it beautiful?  What human has ever uttered a sentence worded beautifully to the perspective of a chimp?  Can you deny that...
Ditto.  I'll add only the my self-esteem can be bruised if such negative comments come from someone I respect.  But just as warumas stated, results would speak for itself and situation usually works...
I would sacrafice speed to retain accuracy.  Whats the point in quickly f'n something up.
^ Bad- I will spare you the rebbuttal  v Good- I will spotlight this comment shortly'"


2723: 'And here you are, playing a victim of society.   Own your shit. You got in trouble for what you said. You made a choice to say something. Choice is a right and others have a choice to respond the...
 Let me give you some advice. Never forget what you are. The rest of the world will not. Wear it like armor, and it can never be used to hurt you.- Tyrion
Ah, I remember the day I decided to rant about a few frustrastions of being disabled; soecifically a disabled ENTJ. Mostly it was  What the fuck am I supposed to when the things I know Ibwas meant...
Maybe in my early years, but as human beings we have the ability to grow and change. My friends often say that they really appreciate my leader ship style because they never  bossed around.  I'm...
Ugh. :rolleyes:
What am I being dragged into now?  It's true though; that's why I haven't felt compelled to respond; it  just isn't something I put any thought into.  Have I been called  manly? Yes, often. And...
It already has-at least according to those who never cease bitching about it.    Why do people keep saying the 90's were so great!? That's offensive and mean!   In 30 yrs I'm goint to...
I agree with that.  That is the inherent problem with  adult content on the internet; no proof.
Dbl
This thread is hilarious.  I thought it was satire until I saw the TS.  Men's right's activitism is alive and well. As are MGTOWs. So I...don't really know what more You are expecting...don't...
Things that would blow your damned minds, things that blow MY mind. They often include time travel, somehow existing in multiple demensions, but my favorite are the time paradoxes.  This was my...
No, I have never done that. I did just now after reading the thread title.  It was painful   OMG! STOP. TALKING. Can you DO that? Just for like, TWO Goddamned seconds!?  No? Alright then *...
Depends on where you are. I'm surrounded by Sensors who constantly condescend and treat me like i'm a fucking idiot because they can't see the connections that I can. It's quite frustrating.  As...
 What's your life worth to you?  Says friend of mine who makes some of my medication-because it would otherwise cost me 12k a month; nothing compared to the important stuff which costs 180k a...
I am a little curious about something; my old neihbors were Canadian. They apparently moved because they were screwed by their countries universal healthcare.  I also had a Brittish friend who came...
Not in college anymore but when I was I got about 6 hrs a night. I was always a little tire but not enough to lower my performance.
I don't think there is such a thing for us.  At one point I was going to school 3/4th time, where I was head of construction as well as the only member of the lighting department in the school...
Nnothing will work until we address the real issue: the cost of medical treatment itself. This is the only 1st world country where medicine is a competetive industry and that is why the treatments...
Not only that but that their only purpose in posting here was to bitch about it. What a way to poison an otherwise well-meaning and up-lifting thread. I'd suggest getting that toxic attitude checked.
Sans isn't I.
Have you heard of the DISC personality profile?   It's a very simplified personality test which is designed specifically for a work envirnment to help learn how to best interract with different...
I don't think it can be done at this point.  I often ramble about the negative effects of  us v them which has become just another part of the human con-and I'm going to do it again.  The...
I was so fucking happy to learn that my husband is going to be out of the house for a weekend ( because we all need a break once in a while) to attend some wedding he does not care about but feels...
People who over/misuse the word  literally.  Especially when they complain about others over/misusing it. Most of the time they too use it incorrectly.  Note: if you are using the word daily...
Selfishness is an idea, a behavior. No matter how express it the intent is whatters.  If you do something which appears selfish at the moment because you know you will be able to help a greater...
My wiafu is an E4. By waifu I mean husband. I just call him that because he is far more feminine than I am.
I suppose that's true-they don't actually get involved in politics, although I do worry about them voting since you can do it by mail.  Yeah, it's pretty...uh..I cannot think of an appropriate...
So fucking pissed at WoW. I was actually teally enjoying this expansion, had a great guild too!  I worked my ass off doing every mythic dungeon/ lnormal raid/world wuest I possibly could and in six...
Yes, the gaming community is full of gamers-astute observation! GG!
For me it was important to study where I didn't feel trapped or seperated from the outside world. I couldn't stand ti just stay in my tiny studio all day. I practically lived at the bubble tea shop...
You could be onto something-our characters were chosen for us yet people are constantly getting on his back for playing it the way it should be played. Everyone except me that is.  It's called ...
Fair point.  Like I said, we get along well and are often on the same side.  Nerdy as thisis -it's what we do-we mostly only get together to play DnD. Everyone hates his character, rightfully so...
Huh, that's a very logical assumption. He was squeezing between myself and the coffee table. I don't think he could have fallen, or st least would have used the table instead of myself.    ...
....kek vs cuck?  ....this is supposed to be taken seriously?   This gives me an idea for a new charity: pay anyone who uses such words to stay in their basements and troll the interwebs all day...
Yep. It is very frustrating as I am constantly surrounded by  intellectuals who are true genious at things like math, engineering understanding and reacting the chemical structure of anything in...
If I had feelings about this guy I would have straight-up said so. My question would have been more like  Oh shit I think I like this guy. MBP is the one who wrote the thread about the directness...
Like everything in life, it really deoends on the situation.
...they're the worst.  I refuse to waste my time on them. No, I don't care if someone else  get's the last word. It's  the fucking internet! Who cares?
Ha. That's why I started. But then I couldn't turn it off. Now I do it too much. I need to dial it down because I know it does not make me sound intelligent.
It sounds like a good idea but angry people like this don't care about logic. He wont hear any of it. He just came in here to bitch and by God no amount of well-placed logic will stop him.
Yeah, pretty much but you're here so make something of it.
Hmm...well, it would be a compelling argument for since red is my favorite color.
You give trolls authority by feeding them.
That's racist! Pink is just a lighter version of red! ...but yah, maybe.
Am I doing this right?  713634
Yep. Everything is cool.
My husband was there with us but he didn't see it.  Earlier the same guy made a comment on two other women's breasts but not mine. He said it was  out of respect for [ my husband].  I was less...
I'll bring the wienies- oh wait, they show up on their own.
Yes, many things.
Dear every indecisive type;  Don't give me answers like  I guess  Maybe  Sure.  ect and later use those times as anecdotal evidence of ALL the times I MADE you do something. If you do not...'"


2731: 'For me it's difficult to pre-empt, I literally just hit a wall. I feel like I'm exhausted and can't think of the next step, I'm too focused in the here and now and there's no reprieve in sight. I...
I'm a former sex worker. We are not innocent, depressed, little Fontines to pity and idealize.
LSD is definitely interesting, but I didn't get the personality-changing insights that friends of mine have mentioned (ENTP, INFP, ENFP). I wonder if this is because hallucinogens like this appeal to...
I met my INFP friend at the same time I met my partner, and I know that he was quite heartbroken when I chose his friend, but also self-aware of his idealistic tendencies. We have a very real and...
I think it's a lost cause. It sounds like she's a very intellectual person, and while physical compatibility is good, a sexual focus on a first date really isn't. Even your description is...
Yeugh. Too much, too soon.   I like to figure out the compatibility before jumping into the physical.
I have an INFP friend. He did fancy me to begin with, but got over it when his good friend and I got together. I try to get him to catch up as often as possible, and he's still a good friend to my...
I know that feel bro.
This isn't very far from me at 14. I was sent to live with my father at that age, and it turned me around completely.  My dad was firm but fair, I had complete independence as long as I was...
Overheard my ENTJ friend on a business call this evening:  She's just found out that her granddad is having chemo or some shit. Yeah, yeah, it's sad, whatever.  Bless.
I like INFPS. You just have to pry their shell off and try not to eat them.
I tend to do mindless activity. I kind of have to switch-off, which is really hard in a Te-Se loop. I'll do activities that aren't goal-oriented, or productive, usually watercolours or creative...
Anyone else think they have a pretty good bullshit detector?  Putting aside the content of the investigation, what did you think of James Comey's Senate Judicial Committee testimony? I watched the...
When someone flippantly mentions some pop-science that they don't understand, and when you try to explain how the headline is misleading they say BUT IT WAS ON TV, DOCUMENTARIES DON'T LIE. Fml ...
Maybe you're looking at it the wrong way.   Someone that loves you will take half the burden, marriage or no.
I don't like meaningless  courtesy, but I will take it into consideration if you express your genuine interest and ask me to keep you in mind during my considerations. As long as you leave it at that...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z59QNcX880c
Just wanted to share some sentimental songs that remind me of the INFPs that have passed through my life and left a little snag in my heart on the way.    ...
I had this problem when I was younger. I think the problem is that I want to make a big, general statement and then get annoyed having to justify it. Doing it that way I was a B- student, because I'd...
If we start introducing them to people, it's serious.
I've gotten Shark from an ex-lover.
Some of my family are artists. Mostly they do the uninspiring job for money, then use that money to rent a small art studio and escape there in their weekends. My stepdad works nine months of the...
My ENTJ flat mate brought a girl home. I feel like a proud mama
Agree with Handsome Jack  Ask him. You might find out that he likes you and hasn't got time, you might find out that he can't see you two having a relationship. Either way, you stop wistfully...
We're not all boys.   670962
I think she's trying to drive traffic to her social media accounts. So yeah, spam.
Two Fe doms sounds really frustrating to me. I have an ESFJ sister (we no longer speak) and an ENFJ brother that I have difficulty getting along with.  For me, my IxTP father and ESTJ mother...
An American investment banker was at the pier of a small coastal Mexican village when a small boat with just one fisherman docked.  Inside the small boat were several large yellowfin tuna.  The...
You've misread my post, I'm lamenting the position of the common man. I'm well and truly working class, born and raised in poverty, and working my way out of it. I'm also living in a ridiculous...
Horse country sounds gorgeous, and some Google street view confirms this.  You can still buy land blocks reasonably cheaply here, I'm slowly talking my ISTP into buying a doer-upper and relocating...
I'm surprised that they don't have a more predatory approach of just raising prices to the full extent that people will pay. Making sure that people are only paying a third of their wages seems...
Well you've made me feel better about our rental market. 1k a week will at least get you a 4 bedroom and you can sublet the rooms.  I guess you can't expect any government intervention since you're...
1.8ish for a studio/apartment/condo? Ouch. Which city are you in?
Hey ENTJS,  I was just watching a property show and the host was putting emphasis on this mansion being worth 2.9 million, repeat for emphasis 2.9 million dollars. It had an infinity pool, a sauna,...
That's nice. I'd hug you in that situation, a handshake would feel too cold and distant after all of that intimacy.  I hug sometimes, like a normal person. It's taken a lot of practice, but I'm...
I think the word you're looking for is 'mistake'.
Re-did the test, same result for comparison.  665522
Thank you! This is pretty comprehensive, and there are a few I hadn't considered, particularly the medical examples. Cheers.
Leader.   I accidentally saved the bear picture rather than the graphic before navigating away, so sadly can't compare results.  Interesting the variety it's coming up with.
Hey Thinkers,   What roles might INTPs have  performed in medieval society?   (My ISTP has suggested Wizard, and I think he's not wrong.)
No. That sounds like someone's version of depression.
To a worm in horseradish, the world is horseradish. I'm sure a lot of his perspective of the place has to do with his generally pessimistic view of the world.   I just listened to the entire...
Has anyone else listened to the S-Town podcast from the Serial series of This American Life? I feel like the main character is an INFP.  It's a fascinating story if you haven't heard it, for a lot...
My workmate's ceramic bunny had a broken ear that was clearly upsetting her, so I glued it back together for her. She was so grateful, and thought he looked like he needed a bandage, like he'd been...
Why do people feel the need to say this to attractive women?   Nothing in her original post had anything to do with the way she looks. Do you think this is legitimate business advice, and would you...
How spicy are we talking?
He's an artist, I expect him to boil down complex, nuanced emotion into palatable analogies. I've read he's an ENFJ, thoughts?
I don't really care for an argument on the subject, I was actually agreeing with you somewhat. My initial response both validated the idea of an objective universe and a subjective one, my opinion is...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ff40YiMmVkU
Double thank you. For this thread, but especially for this trailer.'"


2760: 'ENTJ's are like totally the bestest EVER!!!  I mean, everyone else is garbage anyways, right?  And we all know what we do with garbage, don't we.  I mean, we can't be spending our time dating the...
Keep a rigid schedule.  For example:   7:30 start morning routine 8:30 start studying 10:00 coffee break 10:15 study 12:00 lunch 12:30 study 2:30 more coffee 3:00 study
Hume believed that agreement among ideal critics on aesthetic issues constituted the true standard of taste and beauty.  Further, he thought that the true judge of the finer arts (the ideal...
As a test of your objectivity, I wonder if you guys could point out a republican you like and respect and why.
Interesting.  I thought she was practically the only republican to say what she really thought, not just spew out the same old party driven non-think.  Everyone else seemed like they were literally...
Her Speech:     http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4g6PpIW3hPg  I have no idea if Condoleezza Rice is an ENTJ or not, but I sure would appreciate it if someone convinced me she was because I want to...
He insisted that you have sex with him, he made fun of you immediately after and somehow made you feel like you were the one in the wrong about it, he avoided looking at you after, and then he began...
For me personally: No TV in room coupled with (1) reading time, and (2) watching certain things on TV like the news, ect.  That's just what I plan on doing with young kids, but as they get older I...
ThePermiePagan  Very interesting and insightful take on this thread.  ... I have two competing intuitions: (1) that masculinity is simply what the majority of individuals in our society would point...
Sorry if the insult as bait thing threw you off.  Ha.  I was feeling goofy I guess.    Some of your comments have been helpful.  I take it that all of you see yourselves as loyal, some of you even...
Not really.  I just wanted to get you in here.  But I do get the impression that an ENFP friend of mine, someone I consider dear and who was in my wedding party, is more interested in having...
Tea Path  I found that very helpful and I would love to hear more about the ENTJ/INTJ dynamic between you and your husband.  I'm fascinated.   Seeing the world as full of possibilities and taking...
Here's another way of getting at it.  Say you're in an ethics class and the professor presents an ethical dilemma to talk about.  Do you tend to be the type person who (a) comes to a judgment quickly...
That's Te, as I see it.  When you initially formed a hypothesis, that was casting a judgment as I was defining it.    For me, I form a hypothesis, test it, and then either readjust or carry on.
I started to learn about myself.  Through seeing myself in others on this form, I've been able to see some of my darker tendencies, which I count as highly valuable.  Then I started learning about my...
I've also heard it said that ENTJs are the least social of the Es.    On whether you're ENTJ or INTJ, here's the best way to decide, in my opinion: are you an armchair philosopher, or a...
This almost made me want to be a Democrat.  Just wanted to see what you ENTJ guys and gals thought, if you have the time.  Ix92m voting for Obama because I love money, but Ix92m not moneyx92s bitch....
Dear ENTJ,  If all of life were Pride and Prejudice, you'd be Elizabeth.  Friendly advice,  A Fellow Elizabethan
Nope, never thought that way about women or friendships.  In fact, I try to cheer up the people everyone else is ignoring.    I feel like the question is basically asking if we look for trophy...
Being blunt is a good thing.  I just wanted to repeat that and send it into the world.  :feeling good:
Measure everything you do and eventually you'll start competing with yourself, which is fun and helps the time to pass.  This helps in several areas, but especially with working out.  If I can turn...
Wow.  I didn't know The Avett Brothers had a new one coming out!  Mumford and Sons just had one come out, too.  Good season for music. :-)
Laguna I wonder if you're a counselor.  If not, you'd make an awesome one, with your ability to encourage and draw more out of a person.    Here's how the ENTJ-ENFP dynamic looked, for me at least:...
I was the class clown for a time period growing up, especially using sarcasm and condescending humor - usually directed towards the teacher.  I could see how that might be an ENTJ thing.  Edit:...
I need a woman who is kind, loving, and patience.  And so does every other ENTJ.  The last thing we need is a spouse who mirrors back to us our emotional intelligence.  #welcome back to kindergarden.
Hey.  I don't have as much time as I would like to reply to this right now, but maybe I will return to it later in the day.  I'm a grad student in my last year as well.  Like you, and probably most...
Look dude.  From what I've read, you have no right to feel so entitled.  Flirting means nothing. ... IF she had a very clear cut conversation with you about wanting  to date exclusively, that's...
In my experience, women tend to read into things a little too much.  I've seen women really hurt my friends by laying claims on them to their friend groups and then my friends are socially boxed in. ...
The more responsibility you have, the more motivated you will be.  Try having a few kids.  Or hiring a few employees.  ... Or having kids in order to put them to work.    Oh, and I watched your...
No.   Your comments were reasoned and helpful.  You're right to say that ENTJs go through periods of silence before taking action sometimes, which might fit Gordon.  And you're also right that most...
Well, if he's an ENTJ, he doesn't control his temper like most ENTJs do IRL.  Perhaps he's convinced that acting that way will help a kitchen run smoothly.  In that case, I could see an ENTJ acting...
David Nevue.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5ItNxpwChE
I tried to be reasonable with this guy already; he really is kind of bat shit crazy.  Not everyone knows how to be reasonable in a dispute.  Looking back on it, I'm starting to think he was trying to...
I've grown in respect for many of you, so perhaps you can help me think this through.  My car alarm has been busted (a model of a bmw 528i that this tends to happen to) for a year and goes off maybe...
Here's an argument that might make LeaT correct, if each premise were true:  1) Materialism ought to be defined based on someone's actions, not their motivations. 2) Any given action will be...
Monkey King I was being typist on purpose.  I'm surprised I need to point that out to you.
LeaT Your being incredibly thick headed.  Is being stubborn a normal INTP trait?  Perhaps it's because your Ti is too focused on your own thoughts to hear someone else?  Or maybe its because your Ne...
Laguna Um, you brought this up, not me, but, um, about that thing at the end of your post (scratching my head awkwardly).  You know the one I'm talking about don't you ... the one, uh, down there? ...
It sounds like your going through a difficult time.  I'm sorry.    You probably need to just avoid that person.  And as a general rule to live by: don't get in the habit of forming plots of revenge.
Dude, you sound seriously unstable.  You've concluded that the betrayal was malicious?  Are you serious?  Why don't you ask the person before establishing a year long plot of revenge.  Use your...
Well, I supposed as a start ...  Once someone's personality type has been established, once we actually know that person's type with certainty, then I think we can modestly begin to download...
Hey King, why don't you start a thread to share some of your ruminations concerning nature Vs. nurture and how MBTI advances the discussion.  I'd be interested in what you had to say. :happy:
When your desperate for it, there's no better place to get smacked than on this form.
The majority of my work is intellectual, so smoking helps in the short run and hurts in the long.  But I still smoke on occasion when I have to get a lot of work done in a short period of time, even...
King Arthur - the man of vision and ambition and occasional self sacrifice who at the end of the day just wasn't cool enough to get the girl.
Sure, this makes sense.  I was saying above that ENTJs are the most goal oriented personality type, so if they make status (or the acquisition of wealth for that matter) their ultimate goal, then...
She's the one in the office that gets stuff done?  Ya, she's probably an ESFJ then.  ENTJs are better at strategy; ESFJs are better at logistics - actually pulling things off.    You both sound...
The poll's question is misleading. Someone HAS to be the most materialistic, and of the options given ENTJs seem like the right choice. Honestly, which other type would you choose? Of course it's...
Go up to him and use your words.  My best friend is an INTP.  Jeeze.  Stop thinking and just act.
During important moments in my life, poetry comes.  I've been this way since I was little.  My favorite poems are Spring and Fall to a Young Child by Gerard Manley Hopkins, Death Be Not Proud...'"


2995: 'Now that you've added more details:  It seems like you're just way too smart, or way too inside your own head, or both.  Dumb down. Remember, this is just affection. This is not engineering.  ...
Pick one thing and do it.  Drop all those things that you might like to do. Forget about impressing people, it's a waste of time.  Pick one thing. Make it you. Make it your personal brand....
If he doesn't want to be friends, he doesn't. I'm not sure why he wanted to stop it, but he obviously did.  And about the first part of your post: I don't know how the hell women put up with us...
This is too open-ended for most people to respond to, topix.  A few suggestions to become career-centered:  1. Find work that you like. You say that you are stuck in unpleasant work for some...
I'm currently hiring for a few positions but have encountered a problem. For one position, there are two equal candidates. Virtually the same education. Virtually the same experience. Similar skill...
Don't worry. Everyone probably already knows you're gay. :P
10.  I'm not able to lie. I find that it's a waste of energy.
I can understand why this hasn't  been responded to yet. You're not asking anything.  The implied question is: Why aren't women interested?  If you have the confidence to talk to women, and you...
For the magazine problem, I would suggest that you re-frame your question as a statement. This is a beautiful thing once mastered.  As it is, Can I have that magazine when you're done? does two...
1. I believe that providing little details about my private life will weaken the intensity of my personal brand. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10.
I've so been there. I would go to sleep every night thinking about all the things I had left undone. Then I would usually think about suicide. I was being so irrational.  I don't know enough about...
As above, no one there will recognize you.  Take a break from yourself. Go wild. You might enjoy it.
Nice to meet you! I'm not an INFP. I'm actually an ENTJ, but with an anxiety disorder that was caused by a health problem. So I think I might be able to give a unique perspective.    Don't feel...
You have to find a way to quiet or ignore the inner dialogue.  - No one is professional when they first start (this is one I have a problem with, too). - You can pass if you try. - If you fail...
I, too, have dealt with anxiety and panic attacks in the past. Once in a while, I still suffer. Mine was caused by a health problem and it never went away.  And it was truly debilitating. Like a...
I think you wrote a very good scene here. It's well told and conveys the exact meaning that you were going for -- it is good to be emotional. You did that by painting your friend in the reader's mind...
I'm going to add my perspective (everyone excited?):  I don't do any drugs or alcohol. Call it straight-edge or whatever.  I have no desire to get messed up.  The exception is: I'll have one...
It seems like playing an instrument comes pretty easily to us.  But do we ENJOY playing an instrument? Probably not as much. I imagine, for more than just myself, there is an inability to connect...
Just a note. I'm pretty sure that I can speak for all of us: an ENTJ likes a person if they talk to them. There's really no riddle.  If we don't like someone, we don't respond.
Peter Venkman.
The only imaginary friend I've ever had popped up mostly during my teen years: a six-foot tall blonde woman that was game for anything. Absolutely ANYTHING.  What type would she be?
Proper artists are poor. But go for it!
Edgy Alternative Risk-Taking Influential CEO  CEO is a damn word!
I used to hate getting gifts. I would argue with people: I don't need it! Take it back god dammit!  Then, one day, I realized that being like that made me an a-hole.  So now I accept gifts. Often...
See that white van sitting outside your house?  It's the FBI. :P
I'm also the same.  I'm secure in my thoughts and ideas, not afraid of opposition or conflict. In fact, the lively debate that follows a criticism against me actually energizes me.  What does...
I will admit: you're right in this case. If I was in the situation, I would probably lean toward your advice over my own. But there are many situations in which the balanced honest approach is...
I can't be on a team. It is miserable. I need to lead and manage. Am I really alone in that?
I'm pretty sure I was in an ENTJ-ENTJ relationship.  I was more dominant, so she progressively fell into a submissive role and became very unhappy.  It takes a big man to admit such a thing and...
I don't even know what the hell affection is, to be honest.  Is it that feeling of attachment? When you don't want to miss a second of that person's time?  In which case, I show affection by not...
I just tell it like it is. But I have learned ways to do it that don't offend people.  For example: even if you hate a person, you can think of several things you admire about them. So along with...
This is completely me, minus the sweaters.
Maybe I'm alone, but I don't hate it.  It's just that by the time someone asks me to reflect I have already digested and come to peace with said emotions. Talking about them is redundant, wasteful.
Here is how I prepare to conquer the world each and every day.  1. I wake up and immediately play classical music. The good ones: the German composers of the late 19th Century.  2. I stand naked...
I think authority is fine as long as I am the one with all the authority.  Otherwise, I pick apart everything the existing authority does and make it well known that I'm soon to be their...
You're already in my good book. Kudos!
1. Does intellect attract you?   When I was younger, I wanted the cougar: experienced, intelligent woman that could show me the ropes. Now, at 26, I don't want that anymore. I'm attracted by the...
This thread is really interesting.  For my business, would you recommend that I hire an xNTP as my advisor/consigliere?
I feel emotions, I could express them pretty easily if prompted...They just rarely get in the way.  I hate to see a homeless guy curled up with his dog, sleeping on the side of the road. But...
I know you guys have tradition around here, but I could really go for the Incredible Hulk hurling a bear over a cliff gif.
Maybe you softened him up. Made him more aware of his senses... Wink.
Being general:  If you want the relationship to last, hopefully he's an ESTJ. They seem to build for the purpose of power to provide for family and loved ones.  ENTJ's want the power for...
Like most trains in rural China, this thread has derailed.
When you do it, sure.  But not when OP does it.
Less likely to masturbate while holding pen and legal pad.
Jobs, careers are ridiculous. Who can pick exactly what they want before the age of twenty?  Get a little introverted. Do the five-year plan like this:  1. Write down exactly as you wish to be in...
That's fair.  But I believe anything that is predefined is genetic. The two go hand in hand. The only other alternative is creationism: the act of being given a personality--a soul.  Both are...
Darwin. Natural selection.  1. Women don't get INTJ men. 2. INTJ women don't care as much about getting dolled up, that whole ritual.  That equates to very few INTJ children out there.  Just a...
Unless they're a criminal, I like everyone. At a distance.
One: English.  If I ever need to know more in order to communicate, I will learn another. Otherwise, who cares?'"


3022: 'I was referring to in every careers always a good memory is required, but well, you're always going to answer against me and you are going to respond in an abrasive manner, as if I was threatening...
did I miss something???,whatever nautilus,if you do not like the topic, you better not comment in this thread, This will prevent major problems.Again, sorry if I offended you,but if the thread is...
I'm not saying that each type has specific interests,you can be a great athlete regardless if you are intj, just as a esfp may be the best mathematician, or a good chess player, even if you are...
a constitutional law teacher tend to be more XSTJ, NJs tend to be more mathematical
This topic has come to call stupid debate between Nautilus and Hannibal and I originally speak Russian, for that reason I write like a Neanderthal
God, you hurt my ego, but I can not forgive everyone,besides, and everything you've said on this topic, could do a bible;)
typism is a good word for those people who discriminate against others for their personality type, like saying infp are hippies and teddy bears, or say that entj are evil overlords, probably i am...
You seem to be very interested in this topic, even though many say the topic is silly.
with everything you've written in this topic,you could create a book on criminal psychology my friend ;)
you get angry very easily, if you want to comment on something that relates to the topic, rather than just create discussions and asterisks
if the thread is so silly, so why have so many answers?, I also bored me this topic. this seems more a battle of opinions that a thread
of course, a psychopath with Enneagram 4 i very daaaangerous :dry:
I was not the one who think that stereotype, I know many people that thought someone is intj only their interests, when they clearly are other type (most INTP), also, in what moment I'm stereotyping...
extroverted sensing usually more impulsive and want to take action, while extraverted intuition more likes theoretical things, so I think it tends to be estp more sociopathic than enxp
in the test I appeared extroverted thinking (70%) and feeling introverted (50%), perhaps it is because I am Enneagram 4W3
i have heard that enneagram 4 can be look-alike types because both show intensity, depth and directness of expression (even flamboyance), a lot of energy or emotion, a desire for authenticity and...
all intjs are smart,but not all smarts are intj :wink:
an INTJ is more open and cooperative while intj shown apathetic in many situations, like he does not care about your community, so I think intj more narcissistic than entj
seriously??, I think you're somebody who see any intelligent person and says is automatically INTJ.
actually, I think if an INTJ may sociopath, but it would be very strange since INTJs planning and sociopaths are impulsive, INTJs have more narcsisistas trends, estp are more sociopath trends
who said that narcissists are impulsive and not contemplative ???, seem only confuse terms, a narcissist may be the most philosophical.and say that someone is introspective no excuse to not be a...
I do not really think that jealousy has something to do with the MBTI preferences, as they are very primitive feelings that are not influenced voluntarily.
I think you're missing the principal theme of post.    I would agree with you if you mean the narcissistic, but do not think an intj be impulsive as a sociopath    ENTPs are sometimes very...
I'm not saying that all estp are narcissist  and only spoke of trends of personality disorders
I do not think that narcissism has something to do with who knows more? Furthermore, most estp avoid verbal debates because are bored
any skilled psychologists in mbti person when you ask who is the most narcissistic of all types?, many times you answer is INTJ or is estp, so it is if you ask what is the most psychopath,...
those who know anything about psychology, you know that there are 2 types of psychopaths, primary; they know how to control their impulses and not afraid and are not neurotics, and secondary; he...
yesterday I made the test of the Enneagram, I thought I could leave type 8 that always speak the type 8 and entj like the same thing, like the intp with type 5, the end result was unexpected,...
friend, be more feeling introverted do not make you a good person, and the questions, there is no such thing as right and wrong, people say that good is you You do what people want you to do...
First, yes, that is  Secondly, I am too lazy to look for similar discussions to this topic
They have not noticed that in most cartoons or movies always entj are bad? even some evil characters that are not entj, the people say that if they are entj, why? because they are evil, if not evil,...
Besides, I do not think a subjective person is more introverted, everyone is subjective, the colors are, including black and white, because the brain is always going to change reality, I think I'm...
I always notice when a person gets very reserved, but I think it is due to shyness rather than introversion,are not the same
In any case, I am restless and impatient and always try to be the leader, but I like being alone, another feature that makes me difference of entj is I'm not imposing, not ruthless and if I have...
the problem is that some features of the extroverted type if I and others not, I can usually talk to everybody, but I am very imaginative worlds in my head I do not know if extroverts maybe so, you...
It is a bit confusing, it's true I'm quiet, but avoided social life anyway, I love being alone, that makes me?
I do not understand what you mean, could you explain me better?
I'm really confused, do not know if I really either introverted or extroverted , I admit that I like being alone and always avoid social gatherings , even so I get excited and I was full of energy...
ma happens many times , and I'm intj , but also have the introverted intuition ( ni ), sometimes when I dream something that ends up happening , and all are animals like spiders and dogs treated ...
but it can help them long to find his true personality
my biggest fear is heights   nothing of philosophical and metaphorical about it,just fear is heights ._.
You have to do the personality test to find out:  Free personality test, type descriptions, relationship and career advice | 16Personalities
STONE-ENFP  http://www.mrmuck.co.uk/images/product/white_limestone_rockery_stone_375x140.jpg
I am a intj in this forum and have never spoken of myself ( ecxepto in paragraph you just read ) , you need not be sentimental or nice, nothing more you have to be interested in that person and ask...
I spend most of the day without showing emotions , the only emotion I had all week was excitement , because I 'm a man with great enthusiasm
in fact, the ExNJ not like to flaunt his intelligence, but if they want to be recognized for their achievements and people see it as selfish but it's really not that
It is normal , my mother is enfj and always believes to be right when we watch the news.  but has a good side, for example , when there is a conflict your function extroverted feeling ( fe ) will...
Really I have not seen a personality so on ENxJ people, although I notice that they like to be admired , are vain people
Really I have not seen a personality so on ENxJ people, although I notice that they like to be admired , are vain people
if you were intp your last function is extroverted feeling that only you would use in situations of great pressure,  If Your friends describe as an abstract and very thoughtful thinker , you're...'"


3077: 'Sx lasts seem unavailable and hard to get to know, a few of them even seem to fear intimacy or being vulnerable. So/sp's are especially infuriating in the sense that there is a lack of genuineness...
1w2 because of the username
I think that regressive left/SJW/other affiliated terms are just pejoratives utilized to discredit the arguments brought up by people that champion various social causes just because people who...
Donald Trump seems pretty 7w8 to me. Yeah sure he's aggressive and ballsy and all of that but most of it is for entertainment and shock value. Definitely 8w7 fixed.
Social 3 but definitely 8 fixed.
ENTJ  Currently finishing up a BA in Biology with a Psychology Minor.   I love the subject, but if my institution had more resources I would definitely have gotten my degree in Neuroscience...
http://media.tumblr.com/e01c3e0c8681806067ba5017cbb4bb42/tumblr_inline_mmfx3qbbjA1qz4rgp.gif
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkyPW0W_mxU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwy_8O_3mWk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKnG2d9tZdU
For time to skip forward so that I can visit my SO already.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogLycHY_4nU
ISTP lol.
Okay, so since you're confining us to ENTP and ENTJ:    I think you might want to look into enneagram to explain your competitiveness. The mention of impulsivity, disregard for rules, and having...
http://loyalkng.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/free-falling.jpg
I'm cutting all the cancerous people out of my life because I'm sick and tired of having them around trying to wreck shit.
http://media.giphy.com/media/SPcvNXkz1pPUY/giphy.gif
I want to go see Morgan Page at this rave on Saturday, but I have no one to go with. Fuck my life.
I am reading You Are Not So Smart by David McRaney and A Joyous Cosmology by Alan Watts.
Dear NF in my life that shant be named,  I'm onto you and your bullshit. :wink:  Cheers, Helios xoxo     Dear INTP,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgKAFK5djSk
http://marketyourbookblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/down-a-lonely-road.jpg
It feels like I'm losing something important to me and I'm missing it very much.
I'm looking for summer employment, so I don't have anything to occupy my time with currently. Plus I want to get my post count up on PerC again, and this thread was the perfect opportunity for that. ...
Simple: I'm quite bored, and I'm the kind that needs to have the last word.
A job and some money.
Everything but xSFJ.
The grass is never greener on the other side. And I hope you've started looking into the process of publishing because that's not an easy feat.  -I don't think shifting from an extroverted judging...
I don't buy into that belief about how the functional stack works. Certain combinations of functions can yield similar results, but you can't just jump into your shadow functions because you feel...
Well,  I was being honest with you and giving you the best advice possible. If you can't take criticism/negative feedback because it is not something in line with what you want to hear, it will be...
I don't think you can become an NT. But if you want to act the part I suppose you could just read a bunch of descriptions and figure out how to incorporate these attributes into your behavior.
Primary: Make Restitution- I remember a friend of mine showing me an image that said Grab a dish and throw it on the floor. Now tell it sorry. Did that fix the broken plate? That generally sums up...
I think it's interesting that a lot of people here talk about sx in terms of emotional volatility and overt melodrama. And for people who have more of that disposition to make those feelings known...
Hmmm. I have been told that sometimes in one on one interactions, I can have a sense of hyperfocus on the other person if I find them really fascinating. Otherwise, I don't really have many of...
How about enneagram?
Quick, someone do me before I delete this.   Too late. :)
I would like the copious amounts of whiskey I've been drinking to finally kick in and to survive the epic hangover I'm probably going to have tomorrow.
IxFP for sure.
Being ridiculously hungover before class. :laughing::laughing:  (And trying not to vomit)
My musical library is being taken over by my SO's music. xD
This point is pretty solid. Not only that but the head triad (5, 6, 7) is associated with fear and anxiety as well. It's not enough to type a person as a 6 just because their core motivations seem to...
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9cmxxsPvS1rpzp1t.gif
Yes, yes, a thousand times yes!   http://www.sharegif.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/sexywanttvooh.gif
Sharing is definitely overrated.
There's something about those ENFPs that makes them irresistible. :wink:
I wouldn't say that life falls into place, but the feeling of being alive rather than existing definitely happens for me.
My child, you've finally accomplished something. Congrats. :wink:
I can relate here. But I also want to squeeze as much out of the world as I possibly can, and make my mark.
Top 10 pleasurable things:  1. My significant other, really. 2. That sweet spot between tipsy and fucked up. 3. Getting high. 4. Having an orgasm. 5. Watching the stars. 6. Getting an award or...
I'd like for my SO to be in my bed right now and not far away.'"


3082: 'Dear ENTP,  I used to resent you so much, but now I'm becoming more and more like you.  dafuq
0 Words of Affirmation  12 Quality Time  8 Receiving Gifts  5 Acts of Service  5 Physical Touch   lols i always knew i didn't care for words.
Yeah my ego is too huge for my own good.
Why can't we all just get along?  puppies and rainbows and all things fuzzy and cute
True that. I seem very mature most of the time. And then somebody pisses me off/unnerves me and I get so angry.
I have a problem with the statement, OP, that you are not selfish.  If you don't give a damn about hurting other people with your honesty, then you are being selfish. I doubt you lack complete...
@Mr Canis  it's the relative value that matters :D
Jeez this thread is depressing.  Are there any ENTJ women out there who are MARRIED and have... KIDS? might as well tack on and happy? too  haha, I kid, I kid.
I'm not sure why I thought this was funny. I adore kids though...  and the sincerity of the kid's concern.......  hah
Yeah, I mean, I don't care about him haha. It's more that these couple of months have been difficult as I've mostly just been having trouble thinking about my career. I wish I knew what I wanted to...
I've been getting a lot of sht (even from some friends) for not applying to medical school. Sigh.  Still don't think I will next cycle though. Screw these people.
Sorry, I posted the texts out of order. The first post I made was the last set of texts (this morning).   Who the hell texts someone at 6am anyway? like wtf. even if you're up, that's just rude.
I was pretty hurt by what he said, not gonna lie.  But geez, do I just feel bad for him.  I woke up this morning seriously just not wanting to meet him at all and made up an excuse about dinner.
His danger sense?  Am I that terrible?
^^Wish i knew where he worked. He was super secretive about it, but was not shy about telling people his salary (which is not even that high considering his age and our location)   Previous...
Why does this matter...?  I don't know if being ENTJ is necessarily a good thing... sometimes.  Just be the best you can be and stop worrying about where you fit in...
Tom: Are we still on for tonight? What time? What place? 6:44 AM Me: 6:30pm? you can pick the place 9:21 AM Tom: Ok. xxxx Bar. 9:24 AM Me: That's not a dinner place 9:27 AM Tom: Yes. It's not....
But I really know everything and I am always right! Are you saying this isn't true???  Argh.   :tongue:
I'm really frustrated with some people.  I just know that I'm right about things, especially about insincerity/lying, for example. And I call people out on it (not rudely but still) and they keep...
will date an INTP again only if he is mature and successful
Strategy is the only thing that matters.   Specific strategy for the specific long term goal.
INTP/xxTP/ISTJ men I dated for the longest time. You go figure.  It's not so much about being loud/bold/obnoxious, like others described, it's more about independence, confidence, self-respect....
You, OP, just sound like you need more dating experience, IMHO.   You should never be waiting on dudes, dudes should be waiting on YOU.  :)
Or he didn't want a confrontation/a fat angry paragraph. Life's too short darling. Let things go.
Dear xxTP men,  We will never be fully compatible, yet why do we find each other attractive? We've really shared some of the worst and best moments together. I ended things with all three of you...
I think the lack of timely response has nothing to do with the fact that they are ENTJ men.   I've ignored/put off texts to guys simply because I had no interest in them. Then there are ones I...
LIFE IS TOO GOOD   urgh.  :proud:
Did not read 95% of your post.  But I skimmed the end paragraphs.  You are hurting cuz he has all the power, and you have none. Doesn't matter what you do, but please, get yourself together and...
*hug*. everything is going to be okay. I know it does not seem like things will get better, but it will.  Let him come to you, and in the mean time, do something else with your life. Don't grow...
Yeah I know. I was just being nice.  Right when you asked me if I was hot, I knew you were going there
Nah, what I meant more is that I feel like my concerns were all more than adequately addressed. The fact that this thread is so self-centered bothers me a bit.  But if you guys feel like discussing...
Thanks everyone! More than enough good points for me to consider
Wait, are you saying that there is value/learning from a relationship even if you don't want to marry them, or the opposite?  I'm 22. Up until now, I guess I have thought that a relationship is...
Yes. I get hit on a lot.
...maybe. Why does this matter
Also, I guess, I felt bad because I'm aware I have many flaws within myself too. And he's really put up with me quite a lot. Just trying to understand if this is a general incompatibility issue or I...
I guess the only thing that's kept me from following my intuition is that I keep hoping he'd improve. Also I'm aware that I just don't *know* everything. Especially things in the future.  ...
Thanks for all the responses. Knew you guys would be able to point out a lot of useful things. Apologies for such a self-centered post though. Hopefully this thread was at least helpful to other...
So in the beginning, a guy pursued me very hard and I was at the time not looking for a relationship. A lot of my friends moved away and dates are always fun, so I went along with him. We have a nice...
When you dislike people who compliment you too much.  And when you get happy when someone tells you something critical yet insightful/true about you.
this thread is also ridiculous.  since when did being an ENTJ have anything to do with sex hahahaha  I'm enjoying the whole attempt by other types to understand ENTJs though. Cute.   You have...
I'm fucking hilarious.  I enjoy verbal humor, deadpan, morbid, dry humor, irony, sarcasm, etc, etc.
It doesn't matter.  I am looking down on the whole attitude :)
This thread is ridiculous.  Sorry your life is so difficult.  You can choose to be jaded in any situation in life. The choice is yours.
More like... Damn, some guy is rich.  Not desperate at all, actually. He has women all over him.
I just went on a second date that cost over a grand.  Yepppppp.
Not sure what triggered this thought right now, but when people are lying to themselves, it really bothers me...  For example, this past Valentine's Day, I confessed that when I was in high school,...
So, this is pretty awful of me but...  How does one go about trying to get to know a guy-you-used-to-date's attractive friend... should I try to suggest we all hang out? should I try to get the guy...
Dude I've been seeing for 4 weeks now is making me anxious. This happens maybe once a year or so? Don't know if I'm more amused by the novelty of these rare feelings or annoyed?  He is ridiculously...
How I feel within myself is dependent on your desirability, no? Self-efficacy is dependent on desirability to a degree too. I'm not talking about happiness here, that's a whole other realm.  ...'"


3092: 'I'm in a similar situation to    Handsome Jack. I work as a consultant as well (Technology), its the same thing in my industry right now, high turnover and a lack of available talent.  I am...
I 100% agree! My partner's financial issues are a combination of career issues as well as spending as stated in my opening post
This comment make my head hurt... I highly doubt that if I showed him more love and emotions that it would solve his financial issues.
It's not just as black and white as quitting, AA is a step by step program that targets the root causes of addiction, there are reasons behind the drinking and you need tools (ie. meetings, a person...
Both great responses! I guess I will have to sit down with him and let him know how much this is truly bothers me, then give him the opportunity to change. If he doesn't then I have to make a...
So as ENTJ's we are stereotyped as being good with money, workalohic and the most financially successful out of all of the 16 types.  I guess I fall into this stereotype. How do you cope with...
Reminds me of The Giver book/movie LOL
My point is that alcoholism is different. I totally believe in the thought that things in life should not be all or nothing but when you are dealing with alcoholism it is different. Alcohol effects...
I get bored pretty easily, ENTJ 8w7. I'm actually bored right now, that's why I'm on here dinking around lol :)
I find it kind of pointless if it doesn't have a point. LOL I wake up every day trying to achieve some sort of goal, but what is the point of it all? I'm working hard and do things I would like to...
This is a terrible idea for alcoholics. A true alcoholic cannot manage their alcoholism. I can attest to that fact. I attempted to manage my alcoholism several times and have met a ton of people in...
Yes! This is it, they must have moved it! Thanks :)
I love swimming (although I hate getting wet LOL) It is so relaxing, I love being under the water and I can float around for hours. I scuba dive which is extremely interesting because there is a...
I like tall (well at least taller than me in heels, I'm 5'7), dark and handsome guys. Must be intellectually stimulating and mature. Young boys need not apply :) I have a preference for T's
I have to agree with Handsome Jack. Anything that is illogical or irrational seems crazy to me.
Lately I have been thinking about life in general  What is the meaning of life? What is the point?    Your thoughts please :)
I could have swore that there used to be a section on PerC that had quizzes and tests... Did they remove it or am I mistaken?
I took the test over when I had more time and got Skeptic   Your quantitative reasoning score: 68.75% Your future-based reasoning score: 75% Your evidence evaluation score: 75% Your cognitive...
I must have read the question wrong, I was at work when I took the test.
There are quizzes you can take online, or go to an AA meeting, if you can relate to the people there you are an alcoholic. Don't let this get away from you. Drinking like that is a sure sign of...
Dear XSTJ,  Yes, I do realize I am not following the rules. Who came up with those anyways? I don't need step by step instructions to solve problems and get things done!  ENTJ
Urgh... Just the thought of those types of questions makes me sick. This must be common for ISTJ's, My ISTJ is constantly on my case about things like that, in fact he messaged me this morning...
I'm sure my mother would say I live an unorthodox life. I don't follow the rules, I do like financial stability but if I lost my job tomorrow I would not go hungry, I have other sources of income.  I...
The doughnut question was misleading, I thought about the question twice. I wondered whether it was 2 minutes or 1 minute but there wasn't enough information, the question made it sound like it would...
LOL, I got the journalist and answered both of those questions the same way! :)
Journalist     Most Journalists are open to new experiences and enjoy learning about others. They also have a skeptical streak that makes them difficult to trick or manipulate. Their combination...
When I named my company I thought about what the business would do then researched hyponyms. I ended up coming up with a great name that way :)
Hello Everyone,  I haven't been on here in a while I have been busy with my plans to take over the world LOL :)  I was wondering if anyone else here ever falls into a workaholic mode? I recently...
SJ's for sure! They like to do things by the book, they enjoy following rules. My mother is an anesthesia assistant (she would have been a doctor if she didn't have me) and she is an ESTJ. I did a...
After a review of several products our IT department just started using Easy project. It has only been up and running a couple of weeks but it is easy to use, flexible and reasonably priced.
I was trying to figure out why my business partner and I saw things so differently. I assumed it had to do with a difference in personality. I was researching personality types, came across MBTI and...
I have experience with immigration law. I immigrated from Canada to the US. I pretty much know all of the ins and outs of it through my personal experience. I have helped several friends with the...
I have taken that test before and it came out that I am an ENTJ that secretly wants to be and ESTJ.   I am happy with being an ENTJ, but I do respect other types that are able to follow the rules...
I fit in to the same category as you (the man in a woman's body). I look and dress like a woman but exhibit male qualities. I am in a field that is at least 90% dominated by men. The only problems...
I think entirely in words, it is extremely hard for me to visualize anything. I plow through tons of thoughts that are racing through my head constantly. It is a cure, it keeps me up at night. The...
They have to really want to get help. You can try to talk to them but if the person doesn't truly want to get better than it is an uphill battle and you are typically on the losing side. Most of...
Great article. I personally am extremely resilient. I have been through a lot of extremely difficult situations and have always managed to bounce back. I am not sure if all ENTJ's are the same.  I...
I used to drink to deal with stress, anxiety, emotions, insomnia etc. My doctor told me it actually makes insomnia and anxiety worse! I stopped drinking for these reasons and I feel 1,000 times...
I like to stay busy as well.  Hobbies include: swimming, scuba diving, traveling, reading, debates, cooking, listening to music, learning new things.  I get bored extremely easily so I always...
Verbal response, eye contact is no giving me an answer. It is just acknowledging that you heard me :)
True, but I mean your personal wealth, not the economy in general. There is a big difference.
Argh, I can't stand this. When I talk to someone I expect a reply and get irritated if they do not respond. Silence is definitely rude, it's the same as ignoring someone. If I'm taking time out of my...
I would talk less about money and material things and focus on intellectual topics. The nickname will fade away when people take you more seriously. The constant talk about money usually comes from...
I have some sales experience. My father insisted that I learn to sell, he always says that it's the only way to make decent money. The highest paid people in most companies are typically the...
I can usually tell pretty quickly if someone is more or less intelligent than me. I like to be around people that are thinkers, they challenge me and we typically like the same times of activities. I...
Judging from the way you talk about how much you have... I think it's going to be difficult for you to lose the young money title. Whoever gave you that nickname was spot on.. LOL :friendly_wink:
Nice Avatar, I just finished playing Earthbound on my SNES emulator, I hadn't played it in years. Great game :)
These are pretty much my default face photos.  341050  341058  341066
My list is about a mile long... education, work, personal. Lots of regrets but generally happy with my life and the way it turned out so far. I have been able to do a lot of things in my life that...
I agree, I am much more well dressed than other NT's I have met.    I like what I call junk TV and sometimes gossip magazines sometimes. I find that it numbs my brain and I don't have to think...'"


3095: These poor men :'(   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXCaEU-zSYQ
Photos with Wellsy <3 700850
Things I didn't care for today:  A rotten baby carrot that was hidden among healthy, delicious baby carrots. Being bored at work. People sleeping when they should be awake. The opiate epidemic. ...
Cheshire Tower: I can't find any wounds or particular sensitive spots on her body :/  WickerDeer: She was definitely dehydrated! I put tuna in water to get her to drink and I force fed her Pedialyte...
Bangs is a 5-year-old female cat. A month ago, I moved into a new house. Bangs took to sleeping on a shelf above the refrigerator.  She seemed to adjust well to the move.  Looking back, I realize...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8v_8TyP-XDs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3PIkV2anqk
I'd tap that.
http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01777/bear3_1777146b.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sB5gE9T6N8
https://scontent-lax3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/11701157_10206878257898749_4867650792458341755_n.jpg?oh=e51c73ef868a70a013d67cbb06762608&oe=595F2C98https://scontent-lax3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/10686736...
https://scontent-sjc2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t35.0-12/17407657_10212033577898527_1138693920_o.jpg?oh=39b220e14f0a5831ef20eee17641806c&oe=58D14E9F
https://scontent-sjc2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t35.0-12/17380032_10212033577378514_860542692_o.jpg?oh=0e2f79142b091917d23d5921d206f251&oe=58D25621
https://scontent-sjc2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t34.0-12/17361245_10212033576858501_1624817995_n.jpg?oh=8078b009618d93fdea4b454199074304&oe=58D16D36
https://scontent-ord1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/15094328_10210884447170977_4522136522677570742_n.jpg?oh=f4cf3ff1e9d5fdf7a86804e9db270130&oe=58D69028...
632290
“On the one hand we are called to play the good Samaritan on life's roadside; but that will be only an initial act. One day we must come to see that the whole Jericho road must be transformed so that...
http://previews.123rf.com/images/dubova/dubova1508/dubova150800052/43155855-Selfie-portrait-of-a-handsome-35-years-old-man-smiling-indoor-Stock-Photo.jpg
Goldenhand by Garth Nix
I bought a Porsche, so when my stereotypic beauty fades, I will still be a 10.
http://cdn.funcheap.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/tylerflorence.jpg
http://geniusquotes.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/peace-quote-hd.jpg
This is so dumb.
555946
I think SPAM DAY or TROLL DAY would be awesome! What about OPPOSITES DAY? :O
Hiccup from How to Train Your Dragon
Do you take a multivitamin? I've heard people say fish oil and biotin help too. Also, have you had your thyroid checked?
This is MY SONG. I am a mother fucking lyrical wordsmith mother fucking genius. I was a little flat that day because my asthma was acting up, but I'm famous now: $500,000+ annually. The studio lost...
Do you both have jobs and your own places?
So romantical!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQ0ODCMC6xs
@Arzazar Szubrasznikarazar I like it a lot, but it does creep me out. Your mouse stuff is easier to look at, but different, eh?
Hi there, Silver11. I hope you enjoy your time here :happy:
512129512137512145512121512153
<3
509330509338
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gh-7eZyPWtE
Gryffindor ENTJ por vida
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Master_of_Social_Work
Master social worker :)
508818508826508834508842508850
508738
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OswRQOeGMJ0
8-6-3
I also had the pleasure of listening to the short story The Zero Meter Diving Team yesterday!   BOMB Magazine âx80x94 The Zero Meter Diving Team by Jim Shepard
http://www.amazon.com/Mindsight-New-Science-Personal-Transformation/dp/0553386395/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1460306569&sr=1-1&keywords=mindsight+by+dan+siegel  I've been listening to Mindsight...
Don't want to make light of your experience, just thought this was cute- I know it's not the same though :P ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLFkiyCjc2E
http://personality-testing.info/tests/RIASEC/RIASECi.php?R=14&I=28&A=29&S=31&E=26&C=10 SAI  WOOOOOOOOT
Sounds like a lot of work. What were the inspirations for such a novel?
I'm heading to Australia for a month to hang out with my lover, it's gonna be awesome! I'm hoping to do some out-doorsy thing, even though it's going to be Australian Winter. Are you going to be..."


3103: 'As an autodidact, I can say without certainty that education =/= intelligence. A reasonably intelligent person will be able to educate themselves. I may not be formally educated in much, but I have...
Stark struck me as an ENTJ.  Banner was very INFP. Loki was an ISFP. Thor seemed like an ENFP to me. Captain America definitely ISTJ. Black Widow ISTP. Nick Fury INTJ. Hawkeye ESTP. ...
I definitely agree with this.
I usually tested as Enneagram-5. I felt that this fit me as I am fairly cerebral. With more healing and therapy my true self is much more 8-like. I think it is more appropriate to judge based on...
Incompetency.  Abuse.  Disrespect. Collectivism. Emotional manipulation (guilt trips, etc).  People who do not assume responsibility for themselves.  People who attempt to make me responsible...
Yep, we do. I used to believe I was a Feeler (INFJ/ENFJ) because of it. Looking at cognitive functions and realizing that I come at feelings from an entirely analytical/neurological perspective fixed...
Best of luck to you either way.
It's not for everyone. I watched a lot of people fail out or give up when I was in BCT. The associated failure rate can rise or fall depending on your MOS. Give it a try. If you fail out, then you...
Any person who believes that what others think about you is not important (or does not affect you) is delusional.
The way you've gone about figuring out your type suggests ISTJ to me. I'm sorry I'm not much more help than that. It's hard to express what Ni truly means, but most intuitives understand it...
You sound like an ISTJ.
They make me very flustered.
Why is it that you don't argue with your friends but argue at home? Those are the key things that describe your personality. It is not the behavior but the motivation behind it.
Since I received your PM I came over here to answer. :proud:  Your type: ENTJ.  Your spouse's type: ENTJ. Haha.  Describe the relationship quality: We are both very similar, so we butt heads a...
The most compassionate person I know is my wife, a fellow ENTJ. She would go above and beyond to take care of someone who she felt deserved it. But like a typical ENTJ if she feels you could do it on...
Welcome!
People who fail to comprehend what I'm saying.
I pace around a lot and gesture too. When I'm working out ideas in my head I'll use my whiteboard and gesture to myself while thinking. IDK why exactly. Energy, bringing all the pinpoint ideas out...
I love hugs. Only from those I trust, though!
Unrepentantly pro-capitalist and free-market fundamentalism.
I've studied the JCF for a while, and MBTI when it came out. What I kinda want to know is how the test could apply to someone who is mentally unhealthy. What do unhealthy types look like? I am an...'"


3130: 'Ok...ill be short with my update as I'm typing from my phone....  As of today, my ISTJ is officially out of my house.
To answer your questions.....  1. Yep! Being in an emotional state is CRAP! But I normally give time for myself to sink it all in and come to the shortest way possible to move on. Personally, I...
523761  postcard from Cambodia with my SO ISTJ. And yes, I have a confirmed medical diagnoses of RBF (resting b!tch face).
I try to travel once a year internationally. If local trips, I try to bring my kids with me. I've always seen myself as someone who is a student in the university of life, and one major curriculum...
I cannot comment for any other ENTJ's here but for me personally, I don't like the feeling of self praising. Even taking praises from people. Sure it gives us a pat on the back, but I do not make a...
Hello readers and lurkers,  I've been in hiatus. I realized that this thread has become a sad telenovela. I don't honestly take pride of it. In fact, I see it more as a journal now as  I continue...
First off, let me commend you for trying to get in the intimate world of your ENTJ Superior. But I would say that was a wrong move to make. If you idolized her, fancied her, heck you might even...
So back with the ENTJ woman ranting 2016 style…  As what I previously posted, my ISTJ has infiltrated this thread. It doesn’t bother me at all, because in the first place this is my way of venting...
Hope santa is still around......  In my case I would definitely love to have these things.....  1. an 8 set cooking ware (hell, I cook a lot and I need sturdy pots and pans to withstand my...
I once had this conversation with a male british guy friend before and he said to me...... I understand that your personality is strong compared to other women. You are a very proud woman, and not a...
LOL this got me laughing so hard..... thanks for injecting humor to this thread.   To the readers and lurkers, I'll be back with more of my dating blabbing in the next few days.
Entj's are lousy liars. For a person to be manipulative theres a great need to lie, and we don't do that. When people follow us it is not based on manipulation, it's the blatant truth that comes out...
Oh jeezzz......just an FYI...  My ISTJ has infiltrated this thread. He's lurking and reading....  All hell breaks loose. Everything is now thrown out including the kitchen sink.   Time to break...
You know what, you are right. I am part of the problem. I have allowed him to take over my independence and my liberty to just be around people. Heck, I was shaking my town with what I was doing...
Thanks for your kind words @myGTI and @Elistra  (Let me continue with this chronicle. Damn, this platform has become my online psychiatrist, thanks all for sticking up to my annoying thoughts.)  ...
I'm right in front of my 2 screen computer typing this and sipping shots of vodka on a boring Friday night. If you can find me, good! I have an extra shot glass to bore you with ENTJ madness. :-D
Not trying to fit with the herds...I am definitely leading the herds....As for my location, damn it.....I am in the middle of west side crazy world, adjacent to the calm and serious road.
ENTJ's, what is break up and heart break like for you? to answer your question......  A breakup = I'm done. Next!!!!  A Hearbreak = Oh Jeez! I'm f#cked!
Hi peeps and lurkers,   I am taking a pause from this thread as my family is stressed out about my dads terminal cancer. Been going in and out the hospital to care for him and my ISTJ is doing a...
Hi all, a new chapter is in for this rambling entj...read on.    Travelling Together: The Make or Break Journey as a Couple  Months ago I and my beau decided to go on a trip. Initially it was...
I am so sorry about your loss. I lost a dear friend who happened to be my Assistant at work before. She was pretty much like me, but far more outgoing and risk taker than I was. Her death became a...
Hi all,   Thank you for your comments and for telling me that the red flag is waving infront of my face. i am well aware of that.   Now, to let you see my side (the ENTJ side), I encourage you to...
By the way, let me encourage you and look at this situation in a variety of angles.....   Afterall, this is a forum. We welcome everyone's thoughts....   ;-)  Sent from my SM-G925F using...
maust myGTI Lesuhlee lordmercurio MsBossyPants thanks for your thoughts, and yes to an extent I would say that it’s unhealthy.   But let me reiterate (not as an excuse on my part but a window of...
What makes me laugh??? IRONY!!!  Sent from my SM-G925F using Tapatalk
(So I'll take a cue from @Lusehlee on the nagging part. Hey it's still rambling right? Anyway, let me set the mood here. In bed, decided to bring my bottle of beer here and typing along from my phone...
lol! I'm drinking as I am typing this while Skyping with my ISTJ and responding to this thread. Here's to an unpredictable and beautiful weekend to us ENTJ women. It is indeed a beautiful world of...
Whoooa looks like my previous post got some people talking here, so let me talk back and answer a few questions....    Surprisingly, despite my constant nagging and rambling to this thread, he...
Let me hit you in the head for awhile with a pan *ding!*   Why in the first place do you want to compete with that person? You obviously hate him because he hates you. But, instead of competing...
My POV: Why the hell do I need to juggle another romantic involvement in my life? Having one is enough, no way I'm going to spread myself too thin.
Counseling is expensive from where I am in. On the other hand, why do I need that when I have this platform to annoy you folks with my stories. lol. But anyway, with due respect to your opinion I...
Me angry? That's normal and it eventually passes. Me vindictive? Well that's the scary part, I had put someone arrested, filed criminal charges, infiltrated his support group. Other scenario was to...
I've realized that this thread I started has become a chronicle....so let me continue...  Counting down to his arrival, I started analyzing how I would feel to finally see him get out of the...
I have.....  A dysfunctional father  A supportive and accomodating mother  A passive relationship with siblings  An obsess madly inlove boyfriend An intimate set of girlfriends  A brotherly...
Back with the ENTJ x ISTJ drama:    Honest convo goes like this.....   ISTJ: Why can't you address me as babe?  ENTJ: I don't need to say that every single time?!?!  Why do you need such...
Amen to your post sister! I am gulping a bottle of vodka as of writing this, and to be honest about it, I drink 4 to 5 times a week before going to sleep (that's half a bottle per night), to top that...
Updates updates updates.....   My ISTJ is coming home in 3 months. Damn, time to double time on exercise!
Darling @Zenobia Kael although I cant speak for all ENTJ women let me speak as my very own self as an ENTJ when it comes to dating.    First off, not everyone has the balls to approach us in a...
I can let you borrow it if you want ;-)
Ahem.....love the hat!   319906
I don't get drunk in public...when in public and noticed that I am close to getting too drunk. I stay in the toilet and puke out everything toxic in my system. Then step out with composure, and go on...
I'm size 8 used to do boxing and still doing swimming. I'm so determined to do crossfitting.
I prefer that you give me the most brutal and ugly truth than give me the most flowery sugar coated lies.  When truth is given, you can create scenarios and deal with reality with utmost sincerity...
ENTJ is back with the b!tching, ok more like storytelling here….So here’s what’s been going on.  I just celebrated my birthday last 29th of March and my ISTJ surprised me with a beautiful bouquet...
Most of my close friend are men while I keep a very intimate number of female friends (I would even consider them as my best girlfriends). But going back to your question, most of my peers are men so...
Duo thanks for the reply. I'm not destructive when it comes to other things. I just noticed that I am when it comes to romantic involvements. I'm pretty straight forward in business and other career...
Back with the ENTJ madness!!!!    So things have been pretty good with occasional spikes of electrifying disturbance all attributed to this ENTJ (me). Now, Things have evolved and I would say...
Here's one weird part.....  I don't like waking up early, but if I do it's because I need to make it to an important meeting. You won't see me lining up early morning to be the early bird and wait...
I came across this article a few days ago and had my ISTJ read it. He came back to me laughing and gave me a new nickname.....Alpha
Eldest of 4 with 2 female siblings and 1 brother.'"


3141: 'I guess loosing my cool would be just that, losing my coolness because I am nervous and flustered.  And I know what you mean by a girl liking having that effect on a man.  Yeah the guy looks and...
Thats amazing! As a guy, I do something very similar...     LOL:laughing:  In reality, I can daydream as well but only for brief moments.  In those briefs moments though, I don't find myself...
Checklist.  It's a huge checklist, but not impossible to satisfy. I am actually engaged...  Edit:  Doesn't everyone have a checklist?  Or would the alternative be if it just feels right? Even if...
The personality typing only shows which traits are strongest within a single person... they don't show how strong they are relative to others;  I have no problem taking charge of a group of ENTJ's,...
I don't assume there is a correlation.  Morals and religion have no connection, so they can not have an effect on each other.  Morals can't come from god.  If they did, they would be subjective...
Uh oh, the daydreaming phase. forgot about that... little notebook with your new married name and the name of your kids along with all the wedding plans! lol  Agreed on similar vision and values; I...
+1  correct me if I am wrong  option 1 : Im wrong so they correct...  learn something new every day   option 2: im not wrong...
I have no idea what personality type the people around me are, but I do know that I am super arrogant. I have a superiority complex that can easily transform into a god complex and I can be...
Good word choice.. Presence. I like it!   I think that might be on of the differences.  I call it a thought process where you call it a gut feeling.  Its really the same thing and might even occur...
Went back and realized I am 8w7 and the description is ridiculous.  materialistic. prone to addiction.highly assertive. risk-taking..    Its amazing how accurate these things can be.. I mean...
There are a few dating type threads on here and something that is coming up for me is that the personality type doesn't seem to reveal itself very early on.  For me as an ENTJ, the approach is always...
I would say that reputation is more important to me but technically a reputation is a sort of unspoken compliment held by many people.  If I constantly heard compliments personally, I would assume...
thats an easy one... I mean what else is there?   http://www.lionworldtravel.com/LionWorldTours/FeaturedImages/LionLWT_Homepage_ZOOM.jpg
Thomas Crown... gotta be an ENTJ  I think these are just from a photoshoot from some clothing line affiliated with the movie. ...
I have been told that many women decide whether a man is of interest within the first 5 seconds or something, whether it is a visual thing or something else, I dont know.  For me, its less of a...
allegory of the cave is a very interesting piece of reading. Studied it a bit, a little less enjoyable when you are being tested on it.  Still I love the concept that our interpretation of reality is...
Holy Sh*t... I love this place!!! Thats exactly how I respond to conflict!  Vanitas response was perfect, but I also follow this 321 order.     <--------  ENTJ Type 8 Man   bowl of fun...?
ahhhh, I see. Actually found some more info, I think its just a couple famous ones may have typed INTJ, some typed ENTJ but no distinct correlation between that kind of disconnect from reality and...
I get very goal oriented and I tend to be aggressive in an initiative kind of way; being too aggressive can be bad.  First layout my objective: long-term; short-term; one-night; undecided  Then...
Understood. No problem.  Any thoughts on the subject from an INTJ point of view?
No prob...One of my challenges is remembering that there are plenty of people smarter than me and that no one needs my advice.  So I have learned to only give it when someone asks and only take the...
If you find yourself tearing the flesh off of other people and eating it, you might consider getting in touch with your feelings! lol  Isn't INTJ the most common personality type among serial...
Yeah organized religion does fall into that ethical problem of coercion.  We can all agree that coercion is unethical and we can also agree that religion must be ethical.  If boss says perform...
I can see why you are on the fence. I see a lot of my characteristics in your description.  I do remember seeing that ESTP was called a persuader on one site.  What I can tell you is that, as a...
+1, depends on the order, not who gives it.  It also depends on how its given, show respect when giving an order... orders will be respected.  Even if the order is given in a bad way, if the...
LOL!! Thanks for the warm welcome guys!  ...and the TPS reports!  Promethea: Looking forward to the whole forum!  Addison: Cool, What makes you think you might be ESTP?  Jojo: Thanks!! About...
LOL, sorry the comment was a bit exaggerated!  Emotions are an integral part of human communication and are absolutely necessary.  The comment was meant more as an exaggerated way of saying emotions...
The golden ratio is very interesting along with Pi; from what I understand every universal constant is an irrational number...hmmmm
no  I do get choked up from time to time, and I like to think that I allow myself to feel.  I didn't cry when my grandmother, who raised me, passed away, but I got choked up a lot and I am sure...
I dont think know any ESTJ's, but I am surprised that emotions are coming up.  From what I have read, neither of these types is very emotional.  As far as I am concerned as an ENTJ... I want to run...
Anger is inefficient but sometimes necessary in moderation.  Personally, I try to avoid becoming overly angry.  For me, any anger that is visible to others or reduces efficiency and/or effectiveness,...
Awesome Question!  The driving habits are where my dehumanization is most clear.  I have a bad habit of reckless driving; the term is drifting and while I may feel that everything is in control, I go...
+1   I am heavily leaning toward atheist views based on rationality.  However, if life it finite, it becomes completely irrelevant in the long-run and nothing accomplished here has any meaning...
Power Suit...  or at least a well put-together outfit that fits the occasion and projects the right image.  Actually as a hairstylist, I am partial to fashion but also to dressing for success. ...
Wow, just joined the forum and this thread caught my eye. I have to say, I can relate.  However, this dark side only appears in front of people who are very close to me. Which seems counter...
Hello Everyone!  26yr old Male Hairstylist (straight...:D) studying Finance, Economics, Philosophy  I recently typed myself and I was shocked at how accurate the test was.  I just did the Enneagram...'"


3187: '8. Most likely 8w9. Speak softly, and carry a big stick.
I'm quite the hothead. It's great. Own it! They only say it's bad because they want you to submit to their whims.
We have different communication styles and opposite points of view about life. That's not necessarily bad, but I don't think we fully fit with each other. Not naturally.  They're a little...
I download lots of music or audiobooks beforehand, just in case the I-FE's selection suck. Music also prevents annoying airplane two-minute buddies. Once up there, I either watch some movie,...
The only Christmas Tree I might be interested in.  http://s12.postimg.org/tlaoa8kr1/alcohol.jpg [/url]  My family obsess about this tradition. I don't get it. A dead tree. In my living room....
My next year goals and annual year review.
Never Let Me Go by Kazuo Ishiguro.  It's about two clones (raised to be organ donnors and die) who happen to fall in love.  Silk by Alessandro Baricco.  Because it looks like an ancient...
1) I highly value intelligence. But I think others can be too smart for their own good and so smart they’re stupid. Knowledge and wit are not the problem, the shitty conclusions some get from it...
maust 20 years old.
Yasminec19 I would never have guessed! :laughing:
I don't reflect a lot on these things, but I just googled Introverted Intuition and found this descriptions. Perhaps they may help:  Introverted Intuition (Ni)  Introverted Intuition (Ni)  ...
stiletto the bullies will probably resent it. However, since you're temporary, I don't think they will give you much trouble.  You did the right thing. These kind of people sick me off....
Yasminec19 I owe my childhood to Road Dahl and JK Rowling too! You seem kinda romantic!  I just googled eunuch, china, book and the search throw me the last eunuch of china. Perhaps that's the...
Scelerat it's a shame, and I would like to know why. But if that's how you feel, fine.
superdude You may be confusing Ni with fear. My 'intuitions' don't just come out of nowhere contradicting my logic, they have some kind of trigger (a suspicious remark, some previous information,...
stiletto I call it out. Usually a rethorical question is enough: Are you calling me an idiot?, Is that what you think?, Do you really want to compare notes?, What's up with your...
Sorry for the double post. But I just saw MsBossyPants post and it brings me to tears of laughter! Old Soap Operas are HILARIOUS AF, but María La Del Barrio takes the cake! The acting it's so...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUt-Mwe0Si0  I loved 90's X-men! Jean's whole dialogue through this show: Ahhhhh! ohhhhh! ahhhhh! ohhhhh! ahhhhh! *Faints*ufeff.  Girl power!?
Ire I have not read much science fiction. This seems like a good start! Specially since (I just read) it influenced Blade Runner!    Prada It always happens! Antiheroes should remain...well, not...
ENTJ Licenciatura en Administración Turística  (Coursing) ^Mexican equivalent of American Bachelor of Tourism Management Degree, I think...  I was always interested in the corporate world. And...
Based on what you said, I think it's safe to tell him.   I'd do it. If he does not accept me now, he never will. His lost.  However, there's always a risk. You should analize the cost-benefit of...
Jajaja I still don't get the Socionics and Big 5 personality tests. But most of what I just read(1) sounded pretty much like me.  I get quite creative when people piss me off.  (1) SLOEI -...
I need constant affirmation/ your validation
Prada Yeah, romance novels nowadays are pretty much soap operas on paper. Everything was said by the classics. Perhaps that's why non-heterosexual romance always seems more compelling (or perhaps...
Before I knew about MBTI, I called it Common Sense. Intuition sounded like Wacko Mystical Magic. And I rarely differentiate my logic from my hunches.   My gut feelings always push the agenda:...
I do! Every idea must be evaluated carefully (Sounds nice. Does it work?), regardeless of type. Most of them are useless delusional shit presented in a nice envelope.  Our theoretical approach...
-When your teacher asks Who wants to... (Lead, volunteer, whatever) and the whole class is already looking at you in expectation.
No, really...tell me how to live my life. Give me some lessons on spontaneity. I'M THRILLED! Let's live in the moment and be reckless and millenial. YOU UNDERSTAND ME SO FUCKING WELL! (In spanish,...
You might like:  Chuck Bass/Blair Waldorf-Gossip Girl (Based on your like on badass but not truly evil characters) Neal Caffrey-White Collar Dexter-Dexter Miss Fisher-Miss Fisher: Murder...
Tom Sawyer I just researched it, that's the exact kind of book I was looking for! It'll definitely be in my next book shipping!    Agni of Wands Yeah! I'd bet a lot of ENTJs around here have read...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcmhd7srRl8  Trent Reznor and his ability to translate mental/emotional states into music never cease to amaze me.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-1SsMn67m8
Because Blair Waldorf :blushed:  http://i.imgur.com/eZYIApF.gif
Hola! I'm looking for new, interesting things to read. And I'm curious about what other ENTJs are reading, so...    What are your favorite fictional and non-fictional books?  What books are you...
Dear ISFJs, why are you so adorable? (As everything except co-workers, though)  I just stalked a thread in their forum, and this girl was complainning about her type's description being stupid, no...
The Fight Club (1999):  Every word from the movie.  The Devil Wears Prada (2006):  Miranda Priestly:  -Details of your incompetence do not interest me -Please bore someone else with your...
Jajajajaja ok FireRain , you got me. Sometimes, when shit gets too introspective and pointlessly philosophical, the ENxP trademark topic derailment is greatly appreciated...
Why bother? Your people (and ENFPs) are all over the place.
1. Have you ever removed a person or group from your life/schedule/attention? Yes, several people.   2. Why or why not? Friendship is valuable, don't cheapen yours. If you're a real friend,...
Give them your contact information, but don't encourage friendship or socialization. Manners are very effective in cases like this (setting distance from others). Give them polite but dry answers and...
Even if those things were true, why should we care? MBTI apart, I'm so tired of that I got potential, I'm just lazy pathetic excuse. If you're smart but never apply your knowledge, what are you...
DonTaushMe I think Marlon Brando was an INFP type 8, you must be pretty badass!
stiletto ¡Que chingon! I hope you like the country! I know we're strangers but let me know if you need a tip or two! I'm from Mexico and currently studying tourism, after all! ------  Celebrities...
GIFTING 101: Give something he wants but probably won't buy himself. Your poem is a great idea, just don't make it cheesy.  My friends consider me the best gifter in our groups, even though I...
I've met very few INFPs. A couple of INFP girls i've met were attracted to me, but I just don't felt any chemistry: romantically or friendship-wise. Same with the males (from my part, at least)....
infpfantasy You're totally right, deep down, I think they just want attention. Since they're not diagnosed and everything. But it's not like I'm an asshole on purpose, I truly try to help -they're my...
How many siblings do you have? A sister.  Age gap? She's five years older.  How close is your relationship? We're both independent but very close.  Their MBTI/enneagram? ISTJ; Type 1 (Maybe 5);...
I struggle to distinguish between genuine mental illnesses and personality flaws. And I feel awkward and uncomfortable when facing people with a mental disorder.  I have two self-diagnosed...
About conspiracy theories: I admit I do research them at times. Specially those involving political or economical issues. In Mexico, they're usually right. However, my curiosity has limits. The...
I just read the (Fi)asco concerning my question in the Ask an ENTJ... thread. The whole debate is a demonstration of Introverted Feeling at work. They took your criticism to heart, because (now I...
Male ENTJ  Most Romantically Attracted to:  Women: ENTJ, ESTP, ESFJ Men: ENFP, ESTJ, ESFP  Least Romantically Attracted to:   INTJ, INTP, ISTP male'"


3197: 'Happy Birthday America!!  I am proud to be an American.
Hell no.
I believe MsBossyPants has given you some great advice.   If you can learn to use diplomacy I think you will be a much more effective team leader or team player.   Immature ENTJ says - That is a...
My wife was an ESTJ and we were very happily married for almost 18 years. It was a perfect match in our case.
Nice uneventful evening with a mesmerizing rainfall.
This is pretty much the way I view altruism.   I do give money occasionally to the guys standing at the intersection holding the sign, but more frequently than not I would give them a couple of...
I'm curious as to the why anyone is a certain Type. Is it determined by genetics, environment, or a combination of the two? Or something else?
I am an 8w7 but I think I am probably pretty tame relatively speaking. Age does that for a person. I'm pretty mellow at this point.   I own my own business so there is no need to impress anyone and...
I am not a cat lover but that first video was awesome! Go cat!!
Who said anything about a full-frontal assault?   This is the first time I've heard it mentioned.
Yes all........but notice how I left the women alive in my scenario. He died like everyone does.  I never claimed to be Ghenghis Khan.......I am hubcap
Ghenghis Khan and a few others completely eradicated some of their enemies.
I am suspicious as to why a stranger wants to hug me...............I know I am adorable but I am still suspicious.
While the INTJ's are debating the merits of their flawless plan with the ENTP's the INTP's sit aside and watch as the ENTJ's act immediately wasting no time and just roll their army into position,...
That is sooooo funny!!  I love how the lawyer's head was on the verge of exploding.  I have had to give two depositions in the past when the company I was working for was being sued. Both times...
Genetics define your potential.  Which is exactly why folks shouldn't be condescending to others who didn't have the good fortune to be born with superior genetics.
Try it. You will get some good experience.
This comment indicates you are dick and not a particularly good manager.   I want to make sure you guys are equipped with the best possible tools and training to do your jobs so you can be...
I am in the same circumstance presently. The ISFJ is a complete enigma to me most of the time, but I am slowly learning how they tick. It can be a challenge.
There are assholes in every personality type. To stereotype ENTJ's as assholes in general is completely wrong.
^This^
If you have trouble seeing the big picture you are probably more ESTJ than ENTJ.......IMO
Narcissism - 1.7 - 14th percentile Machiavellianism - 1.9 - 17th percentile Psychopathy - .4 - 0 percentile
I don't think that being an ENTJ has anything to do with being narcissistic.   The average ENTJ is probably good at a lot of things which should help their self-confidence.........but shouldn't...
Jim Beam Black Label - neat
I believe that Atlas Shrugged perfectly illustrates the relationship between private business and government. So on that account Rand nailed it.............IMO  As for her philosophy in general -...
I believe the uncaring label comes as the result of ENTJ's being able to view circumstances from an unemotional standpoint.   I believe the bossy label comes as the result of ENTJ's knowing how...
I would be a Honey Badger.
If I come across something I want to know more about, I study up on it when I get time............but I am not insecure about it prior to  having the chance to study up on it.
The ultimate irony is that the guys who would favor this barbaric approach would probably be the first ones to get smoked.
The best type for what?
I admit it.............I AM LUST
It depends on whom I am cuddling, or whom is cuddling me.
I worked for ~30 years in industrial manufacturing before starting my own business. Now I am self-employed and I love it more than anything I have ever done. I will give you a piece of advice that I...
While it may seem slightly romantic or even practical to rid the town of the guy down the street who is a dick...........is it really worth killing someone just because you don't approve of their...
I simply used Hitler as an example because of the fact that he chose to purge Germany of all the bad elements that were causing the problems. Hitler purged not only Jews, but also Gypsies,...
I watched the movie so I am familiar with the concept. I believe it would prove to be a horrible idea. The wealthy would employ armies of armed badasses to protect them. The middle-class would...
I played baseball, football and track in high school.  Tae Kwon Do  I have been a competitive shooter in multiple disciplines for over 30 years.
None of the ENTJ's that I know are into subtleties. They are direct and to the point. If you want to give them a message, just say it. You will gain their respect as well as their attention if you...
I vote for bourbon.......nothing quite as good as good sippin bourbon to take the edge off after a hard day.
I typically interact well with the other NT types. However if they start going down hypothetical rabbit holes I lose patience pretty quickly. Sometimes you have to work to keep them on point so...
Every member of every team gets a trophy........just for participating. We don't need to keep score...............I can't believe I just said that........I'm going to need to be excused now.
I had a normal childhood. Grew up on a small farm. Lots of hunting, fishing, outdoorsy stuff.  Oldest child, had a younger sister.  I am proud to be an American even if I am not proud of some of...
Well, I grew up in the midwest and the southern US. I live just outside Kansas City now. The midwest is great, especially like the folks in the rural midwest. Very down to earth. Even in the bigger...
Define who you want to be. Define what you want to do. Plan on how to become the person you want to be. Plan on how to do what you want to do. Execute plans.  Now you are happy.
My business partner and I are both ENTJ. We have a wonderful professional relationship and we are extremely close friends. We have never had a cross word. I think ENTJ's can have very productive...
Let me know what you want done. Don't tell me HOW you want it done........I will determine the most effective way of getting it done.  Leave me alone while I am getting it done....ie don't...
Winston Churchill is someone I am greatly impressed with. He had a huge impact on the world as we know it..........yet the British kicked him out of office right after the war. He was a prolific...
I am not shy but I will not open up around people whom I don't care to know.
Is there a point to this rambling dialogue of yours? Do you want some cheese to go with that whine? Life's not fair.........get over it. Here's my phone, call someone who cares.'"


3267: 'No, you're not the only one going for independence. I almost didn't even bother looking through the rest of the list after I looked at the 2nd choice. I also chose independence.  Independence...
For work, like me.  For fun, everything else not like me.
Here's my dancing skills   YouTube - I Can Dance (Jon Lajoie)
It's not that hard to figure out. Can you pull the sword out of the stone? If you can then you win a place in his heart. You must prove your worth to him so he will see that you are a worthwhile...
I don't know,  hard to say. The first one might be too cheesy like cotswold cheese.  Past:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPMkJ_Nt82s  Present:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqPbk8Rdoq0
I think he's stuck in some kind of feeling state. Feelings are of course only temporary, but I'm thinking that he's probably too dependent on people to be happy i.e. girlfriend. I believe it's hard...
Thanks for the replies. I figured out that much that no amount of logic will help people who are strong F's that is why I'm trying to understand him better and how F's function. It's the whole reason...
I used to be the king of sarcasm. I kind of toned it down a bit but I do occasionally like to use it when the time is right.
How do I go bankrupt if we aren't competing in the same market? :laughing:
Hello, I have an INFJ friend who is male. He's going through some depression stages right now and has axiety problems. Help me understand him and INFJ's. Tell me some stereotypes about yourself. ...
Yes, that's what I thought also. I talked to some people on the official enneagram RHETI forums that's how someone gave me their analysis of my results. Their thoughts were all scrambled and...
One owned by me of course. I don't want to run someone else's company. I'd rather run my own.  IcePick Inc. Where people chill at work.
I think the point was annoyance, I'm not too keen on the details though.
I didn't understand it, it sounded like someone was mumbling things together. Can you summarize it for me? Too much gibberish for me.
Yeah, I'd like that too but generally I attract those kinds. When she comes off as too clingy I start running away. If you want to make it with an ENTJ you have to play it cool. But I find I need...
I have no idea what Doc Love's System is. But reading the link from NastyCat I can tell you:  What to say and what not to say? Just say everything, you'll learn quickly enough on what not to say....
Your primary VALS™ type is Experiencer, and your secondary type is Innovator.  The primary VALS type represents your dominant approach to life. The secondary classification represents a particular...
Books, preferably something on my Amazon wish list lol. Money is okay, but if you gave me money that just means you weren't trying hard enough but it's better than giftcards. But I honestly prefer...
http://imgur.com/gQOCG.jpg
Pretty much, we're always questing for self-improvement. I am always improving myself doing something new. I get bored easily so I get into a lot of subjects and areas in life.  But for now how I'm...
I don't want to push too hard or be pushy at all. Why push for things the other person might not want to get into yet? I like things to go with the natural flow. The person might be great for now for...
Everyone is going to be different. I prefer mine to speak with music instead of lyrics.  YouTube - Vega Stage Theme - Street Fighter 2  YouTube - Street Figher II - Vega / Claw / Spain (Piano)
Yeah we're totally screwed! Run for your lives! All hells broken loose!    You don't have a family? Are you an orphan? Can I call you Little Orphan Annie? See ENTJ demeanor can be quite...
That's interesting, I see that your N score in your signature is quite close to mine. I wonder if that has anything to do with it.
Physical fitness is important. You become who you hang out with. You hang out with a fatty you going to become a fatty. You hang out with someone who exercises you're going to end up being physically...
I have two microphones. Does that tell you enough?
In relationships I like chemistry a lot. So far I've only met two girls who created a lot of chemistry. It's like the most fantastic feeling in the world you just feel the chemicals surge through...
Do you? This is how I imagine you now.  http://i100.photobucket.com/albums/m18/chrisphotonic/muscle_woman.jpg
Yes, it's quite possible to find underdeveloped destructive ENTJ's but I'm not quite sure why you would want to find one. Because if you do the person will probably just blow up in your face....
So if you consider a man an animal and humans are animals, what does that make you? You're not an alien are you? :crazy:   Yes, you could say the same thing with sex. There are consequences to it...
Yes, I am subconsciously attracted to good hips and thighs. The measurement is somewhere along the lines of this girl, she has fantastic hips and thighs. The hips and thighs theory is not BS, I am...
Yes, I like high standards but it's just not practical enough. If I'm attracted to a woman then I just am. I didn't selectively take the time to think about it and choose to be. My brain fired off my...
Yes, probably someone purposely told others that it's a brain test and people believed it. Probably a bad ENTJ told someone that it was a brain test, okay which one of you ENTJ's is responsible for...
People actually misinterpret the spinning lady as a left brain/right brain form of test. It is actually created as an optical illusion and often mistaken as a test.
Self-deprecation? No. But when I do feel the need for more information I ask intriguing and challenging questions to arouse the interest of the rest of the people around me. As far as prefacing a...
You mean Mormons?
Peregrine Falcon.
Because when you become an English teacher you become the master of English grammar? Then you can smite and crush the stu...errr...I mean then you can teach English and grammar properly to the...
True, there are more con's than pro's for religion but you have to remember that other people are the feeling type and will follow what they feel is right. It would be quite difficult to lead the...
I am non-religious and I don't consider myself an atheist because it would just make me another type of theist. I intend to find the answers on my own and accept the truth in my own terms. I think...
Yes, this is why I do the opposite of Vanitas. First I shutdown and focus on trying to solve the problem rationally. Then if a solution is not reached I become cold and controlling and then I plan to...
True, we are not shy or trying to purposely elude everything. I find that most of the time if I'm not genuinely interested in something and find it boring I will avoid engaging in the activity. It's...
Pursuit depends entirely on experience.
Your results aren't actually saved for us to see. Which ones did you feel have a flaw in them? Why did you feel that you did not like it?
LEFT BRAIN - RIGHT BRAIN Hidden Talents--Brain 116 Men vs Women  A majority yes, but DayLightSun is dominant right brain.  Who talks more with words and language? Women do. When a woman tells a...
But how are you going to rule the world if you don't take another test? My guess is going to be left.
Somehow I find this difficult to believe. Feel free to take it anytime. Right Brain/ Left Brain Quiz
Well from what I have read most women are left brain dominant and most men are right brain dominant. Women tend to have highly verbal and conversational skills while men tend to be less developed in...
Well only one way to find out.
I listen to this when I have a difficult time sleeping.  Relaxing music, sleep-aids, anxiety reduction, relaxation tools'"


3309: Thanks guys. Admittedly I've been trained through persistent abuse by an 8w7 ENTJ to take anything and not dare question its fairness to me.  As I've been very vocal about on this forum, I am...
lordmercurio  I'm sorry, but I think you misunderstood me on some points. Some of what you said was along the lines of my own arguments, even if I express myself in a different manner than is common...
Thank you for your magnanimity in educating me.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxYWk-8ZdKk&feature=youtu.be&t=5s  Now that I have come to the self-realization I was a closet misogynist,...
What is it I am trying to obfuscate? Why don't you just tell me what opinion you want me to have so we can all be on the same page?   Show me the posts from this evening where I used the mention...
If you took that first part seriously.... at this point I'm swaying back to thinking you're trolling.  I was laughing at what I perceived to be a joke. You made a point of me mentioning people, I...
I haven't in this thread, so by your logic, I must be on top.  Only time I recall doing so in the other was telling Stawker it was a futile endeavor (as continually proven), and for citing two...
Some do. If you say all do, you are in error, as every rule has an exception.  If you said that you knew some crazy ENTJ males and I launched an unending crusade against you, I would be the...
Backpedaling?     Just as I said.   And as Stawker said:
No, it's an attack when it's aimed at someone specifically. MBP makes many sexist comment about men; I never take them personally, as I do not hold myself under such generalizations.   You're a...
I went off on you for being actually guilty of what you were saying I was, and for dropping the important part of what I said (MBTI tendencies).  Bigotry is bigotry. Your example was sound, and I...
It shows. It's harder to understand something when you don't read it.  Why not pretend they don't exist instead of pretending they're saying things they aren't?   I'm glad you get my point....
Any lack of empathy is a projection. As previously stated, I have been praised for my capacity for emotional support and labeled most understanding person by multiple people (not just ENTJs).  But I...
The question to ask yourself is what you'd get out of either one. The former would be inviting an interpretation of hostility, and any defense you are being misunderstood will be harder to allay even...
My Philosophbro Stawker will appreciate this. Probably SkyRacerX, as well (though you're probably already familiar with CHS)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zolPHC562WA  I strongly recommend...
SkyRacerX Put down the mattock and enjoy the Amontillado until I'm done constructing this wall. :wink:  I'll say again, good to have you back. Looking forward to more quality posts.   Aside from...
I'm thinking of starting a disabilities thread where those of us with handicaps like Tourette Syndrome (not to be confused with Coprolalia) can rail against the normies as part of the problem for not...
Thank you Fumetsu. Though I'm sure everybody will assume I asked you to contribute. You and SkyRacerX are the two I know for a fact harbor no such persecution complexes or victim mentality, and so...
SkyRacerX Thanks for getting back on topic.     But you realize you're just baiting me and Stawker into continuing to attack the validity of the list, which will further incite others to...
I see all these people ashamed of who they are, and I can't help but be ashamed for them. I've known so many strong people, and it makes me truly sad to see some of the weakest people trying to...
Wellsy, again, love your presentation, but only got half way through. Will try to come back to it later.  I get, and actually appreciate your points. I can definitely see that 9ness you speak of,...
Agreed. Identifying with superficial things like ancestral heritage is silly. A white person can speak to the equality of minorities just as a man can speak to the equality of women.  Glad you got...
I have never dabbled in socionics.  There has been much talk about the sub-forum of ESTJ/ENTJ differences, and Si is always described as traditionally/socially focused and stubborn. Not that Si...
Wait till you read the rest of the thread. :wink:  There's a reason SRX calls me an Oracle.
No, it's doubtful you would interpret them the way you have. Are you really so thick you can't see the sexist here is you, and you are entirely projecting? Still waiting for you to do as I asked in...
If you can't follow a conversation, don't try to lead it.
MsBossyPants What makes it specious is in your substitutions you omitted the actually important part--the type.  You made it about race instead of MBTI, just as you made my initial post about sex...
Okay, the good thing is if she really wanted to die, she wouldn't have told you. She wants help, not escape, and you're doing what you can, and have proven your mettle in being there for her. My...
I cannot possibly read all of that right now. You are a monster. SRX always said she wanted to see what I could do in the debate forum, but honestly I think interacting with you would be porn enough...
Funny, wasn't going delve too deep into this, but my compulsion to feed trolls has me up for the night.  So, topic to address now is:   I am going to take this cue to debate not the subject but...
What is it I don't get? The meaning of my own post you are trying to elucidate to me (surely, you understand me so much better than I do myself!), or the meaning you are projecting onto it?   I...
Judgement? I don't recall passing any judgement. I'm a 1, so I'm pretty fuckin' explicit when I do. :laughing:  Perhaps your projection of how I perceive ENTJ women is a syllogistic correlate to...
MsBossyPants Again, exactly what I was saying from the start. Were you ladies trolling me? :blushed:
So you were actually agreeing with me the entire time? Haha. Didn't realize you were aiming for dialectic. The egg and bacon is on my face; I thought you really weren't getting my stance and were...
I'm going to answer a question with a question:  What does any of this have to do with the topic SRX put forth? She was simply asking for stereotypical traits misattributed to anatomy, and I raised...
It's what you're going to read regardless of what I'm actually saying, so by all means, have at it.
Difference being we 1w9s face the same shit but just never cared. :laughing:
Basically, we were saying society is full of close-minded idiots, but grouping yourself in a category thrust upon you by idiots just means you're playing along with the idiocy. Even if you're really...
Unpleasant. :laughing: Nothing to brag of. Having always been focused on pursuing a writing career, my official employment has been lackluster, ranging from blue collar to low level white. All for...
Since you're saying there's such a gulf between the sexes that a man could not possibly understand you or the struggles of being a woman, what makes you think you are accurately interpreting us? ...
I wasn't going to dig too deep into this, having already stated my own take that traits are traits, gender is incidental, and other people's opinions are just that, but I actually discussed this with...
SkyRacerX   I said stilts, she said stilettos. You still got a good few inches.    This was my point. I've never had any problem coming forward as myself naturally, with no fear whatsoever of...
To get some measure of testosterone back into my crippled body I've been doing gripless squats when my stomach isn't revolting.  I hook the bar in the crook of my elbows to rack it, and lay my...
You'll have to forgive me for addressing the genre instead of the book, but all I have to contribute, which I confess is not what you're looking for, is that I see proportionally larger interest in...
Sounds like an Evangelion title.  Eva 4: You are (not) employed    Antiparticle  You can be reserved, but communication is necessary where communication is necessary.  It's only a tautology until...
You just reminded me I haven't made an American Psycho joke since the Fi grip nonsense started. ...
You'll get the ax.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alyRTUTN3S8
Build a man a fire, he's warm for a day.  Set a man on fire, he's warm for the rest of his life.
Not any I've known, unfortunately. Or do you mean a specific one? (perhaps hinting at something ;) )   Because speaking generally, while I have found INFPs to be reliably consistent in their...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyenRCJ_4Ww
We've already been acquainted, so you get to skip the flirting and go straight to the cuddling, Bun.   And your story is why it's safer to work out at home; nobody accidentally falls for me that..."


3331: 'I do the same thing! Sometimes, I'll wake up out of my trance and forget where I am because of the deep thought I was in. Haha. (Especially when I'm on a long drive with no one to talk to.) It is...
I have S tendencies... so that would make sense. I don't know much about S's but my N is always the one to score lower than the other functions. But my N is still rather high. I guess detached is...
Honestly, I'm prefer neither. If I had to choose, I'd choose cats because they are less needy to fit my busy lifestyle. I tried having a dog... it didn't work out. Also for some reason, all dogs seem...
You hit it right on the target! Bull's-eye for you, Nasmoe! :laughing:
This is just freakin appalling! People like this disgust me. Can't people come up with their own sex/ masturbation ideas instead of buy a pink dildo from your Aunt Beatrix?!? All I have to say is......
I've never known an INFJ in person but DANG! This thread makes me want to really get to know one :wink:  Now, I'm on a mission.
I don't really understand the meaning of this thread? It seems like a ENTJ roll call of some sorts. I can definitely say, without a shadow of a doubt I am an ENTJ. Also, to answer your question of...
I'm not going to lie, I do have a tendency to have a temper. But usually I just get mad whenever something doesn't make sense to me, or someone is being illogical or stupid. I find it's mostly the...
I can say that I can't remember a time when I didn't act like an ENTJ. My parents always had trouble with me because, in all honesty, I was smarter than them. (And they'd totally admit it.) I would...
I voted 1. My father died. It's almost been a year. We didn't really have much of a relationship... but near the end, it was getting a lot better. More of a 2 or 3, but the majority of my life... it...
I can be a mess. My friends used to tell me I live like a bachelor. (I've gotten way better though!) The inside of my car is also a horrible mess. It's because I focus so much on everything else...
Wow... That's cruel McFly. lol.
I have a really hard time with navigation. It's like a mental retardation or something... I get lost everywhere and anywhere! Unless I have a map, directions, or a GPS I will almost certainly get...
hahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!! Roflmao!!!!!!!!!!
I relate to this so much it's awesome! :crazy:
Funny story pertaining to this thread.... Me and my sister (whose an INTP) were looking at the ENTJ's forum, we were casually reading the different forums and she was making fun of me and kept saying...
That would be awesome!!! :laughing:
It seems like we are tied between the INTJ's and the ENTJ's... for now... Hehe. :wink:
I agree and vote yes to that specific ENTJ getting their face fed to the alligator. If nothing else but to entertain me! I'm kidding... well... kind of... Hehe. I'm glad to be one of the nice...
Well... I realized that I was talking about ENFP's... I don't think I know anyone whose an ENTP (that I know of). Otherwise I would be very happy to oblige on criticism, but unfortetley I can't. I'm...
Wow... I totally got ENFP and ENTP confused... Nevermind... I don't know any ENTP's personally. Sorry about that. I should really learn how to read!
First of all, I can say from personal experience that those Personality Tests they make you take in Pysch Class are crap! Most of the people who claimed to get an ENTJ typing in the class were very...
Obviously! Hehe.
True, but I'm from Texas. It's happening here already. I'd rather save my state than yours any day.  :tongue: But the latter suggestion sounds efficient enough for a casual drop-in.  Haha... But only...
Aha! Okay, I see. I totally twisted that into my own little conversation there. You're right then. If you guys had both agree on it, then there's no reason he should react negatively. Sorry about my...
SO TRUE! Heh.
Well... if it was clearly his steak, then I don't see the logic in saying Whose steak is this, anyways? It's obviously his, right? So why have you declared it as yours? Am I not understanding the...
Thank you for the compliment. Beaches AND attractive males! That sounds ideal! Is this an invitation, Abstract? :wink:  But on a serious note, how could I use my productivity in Florida? Any...
I focus on my weaknesses consistently and everyday... I'm constantly trying to find ways to improve myself. Here are a few things I could think of off the top of my head.  Weakness #1- I'm very...
This literally made me smile, smiley! :laughing:
You may be right. I guess the specific name calling only pertains to me? When they say it, they usually mean to hurt my feelings. All my family and friends are F's and P's so they don't really...
I LOVE their spontaneous ideas!!!! Because of the fact that I literally have NO spontaneous bone in my body, I rely on my ENTP friends to do that for me :happy: Also, they greatly inspire me. I call...
YES!!! Grrr... I have to be honest, this would REALLY get to me!!! It's like the most annoying thing someone can do to me. My INFP best friend does this to me all the time when she knows I'm in one...
Yeah. I understand what you mean. But I thought INTJ's and ENTJ's were like Yin and Yang. Because Yin is the positive side and Yang is the Negative, from what I remember about the definition. So......
I am not an agnostic or an atheist. Even though it goes very much against my personality type, I'm a Christian. I use to be an Atheist, but for very logical and clear reasons (to me), I changed this....
You didn't hurt my feelings. Haha! I just don't have anyone I know that's an INFJ. I have a feeling that I would like you guys though because all the ENTJ's on the forum have great things to say...
This literally made me Laugh Out Loud!!!! HAHAHAHAHA!!!!!! I've heard this expression many times though about ENTJ's. Do you guys really compare us to robots? (Serious question)
I think you're very right. But isn't it like that for every personality? We can all learn something for someone, right?
I think that Tongue Tied is right. It's none of that persons business what your personal life is like if you are just coworkers no matter what his/ her personality is!     ... But unfortunately,...
When your nickname is anything having to do with various dictators. Mine is Hilter, nazi, Or Bonaparte... LOL!
Love what you said, Abstract! I also vote ENTJ!!!
I think the reason why I seem less apathetic is because it's online. I can express myself better when I'm not looking at the person. If you were here right now, I think you would see what I mean. I...
What are you talking about!?! I love INFP's! People don't like ENTJ's either. We make people cry and are control freaks! LOL!
HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!! YES!!!! :laughing:
I totally agree. And most people can't handle it... They're weak. :crazy:
Well despite the fact that I have two very close and long time friends who are ENFJ's, these are some things I read, envy and think are amazing... Here we go...   A lot of what Benedox mentioned is...
Even though I'm quite obviously not an INTJ... I'm going to reply to this thread.   I love the arid climate. I currently live in Texas and it's okay... but Texas can get pretty dang humid. And I...
Awe... Thank you!!! :blushed:
Dang. You're so right!!! I am yet another countless victim of avatar stereotyping. Haha. Jk. :tongue: But seriously, I've never analyzed it like that. Thanks! I guess I'm more obvious then I think.
I know... You're right :frustrating:'"


3347: 'Guys....will to power or what?
O*NET Interest Profiler at My Next Move So I recently found a much better ONET affiliated John Hollands career profiler that directly links you to career matches with detailed descriptions.
Unemployment at a record highs  People coming, people going, people born to die  Don't ask me, because I don't know why  But it's like that, and that's the way it is    People in the world...
Alright except I didn't have anybody to bounce ideas with at Uni. I went to accounting night classes later, didn't know what the hell was going there. Fell asleep on the bus. Got woken up by the good...
By the way I wrote that for comedic effect
Hey guys what's the saddest tune you've ever heard?  Tame Impala Lonerism...epicly sad at the end. For a second I endured feelings.
Guys can't you tell that its a banana dick with two ice cream balls as testicles. And yes, you guessed it , the tip of it which looks like condensed milk is actually supposed to look like semen. God...
That was a good joke phony. I llliked it.
Sex? didn't someone mention sex....oh well then. Sex!    And taking your shoes off at the end of a long day.  Also Food. That stuff's like sex in your mouth except your on the receiving end.
Omg this thread's stiiill going?!  ;)
Hey dude I creeped your profile and noticed your a counselor. That's awesome! I always wondered what that's like. I think the intense one on one is not for me though but I bet you get to learn a...
Hey bruuu. I noticed your a fellow Melbournian so on behalf of PerC welcome to the weird part of the internet . As you progress through this site you could end in two ways. One by developing a...
Unpredictablility.
What are*... quick haha! :tongue:  RE: Be a bookkeeper like me. I get $30 per/h in Australia. Had to do research to find that out.You know you should look at the Bureau of labour or dep. of...
Life is pointless,you're in the same boat whether you like it or not. Each civilization has its own philosophy.The west (Capitalism)  is about financial success derived from work.The east's...
Yeah so I couldn't fix the job suggestions link on ONET because the edit button timed out. However if you click on the link and then look on the main tool bar you'll notice ADVANCED SEARCH...
I creeped you profile and you're on the right track .Your're studying public health and Anthropology which are both a combination of IAS. Public Health has a bit of E though because you have to do...
cruelty.
These jokes just gave me cancer
5w4 3w4 9w8 Iconoclast   what other MBTI do you think this could be? My enneargam seems to change as I go through times of personal growth.  I not sure about it. I know I've come up with 7w6...
Urban & regional planner,Journalist , Industrial organisational psychologist?
Wry ENTP here, prepare to be morally and intellectually harmed...    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xC03hmS1Brk
^ dudes funny,  I used to hate being an ENTP because I got so absorbed in my learning that I didn't leave enough time to make anything constructive out it.But now I learn as I go  and study what I...
wow what happen to yours?
wow what happen to yours?
Basically that mads mikkelson entp was preaching me but it was still awesome and thought provoking. If you could sum it up how would you say it?    How dare you...:tongue:
I came out ENTJ initially and then I realised that I was quite stressed and was imputing my ideal me into theses type test and not the regular me. I felt dissatisfied when mine came out and struggled...
Problem with intuitive types like myself is that we're so obsessed with understanding things and thinking about the future that we're not doing anything constructive with what we learn like how you...
Lucky this isn't Facebook where you'd be wary of saying this. But yeah, dealing with incompetent poeple , I usually just kill them....American psycho style :crazy:
Am I a good enough joke?
I think there's not enough dumb blondes having annoyingly pitiful deaths . Now I have way to many stickers I haven't used to fit my Darwin award calendar. Ah the 90's,how I yearn the.
haha...what do think of my avatar now?   Does Einstein approve?
I'm leaning toward INTJ but who says he couldn't be a highly developed stage 3 entp considering his age. I mean if you check out the developmental path of an INTJ and factored his age you might think...
What was Hannibal's deal as a kid do you think? Do you think he was in denial for being a cannibal?  I have think he struggled with self validation and maybe he felt rejected by society hence he...
Haha welcome to my world  IAS huh? you could be a clinical psychologist or a psychiatrist if your into that sort of thing...
Oh really well you can try onet's interest paige online
What are you intending to do?
I didn't find this test on any forum so I decided to link it to this thread. It basically tests to find out your interests and aligns them with suitable jobs. It's really helpful and there's also a...
Nurture can curb our clumsy Ne scatter brain, I played soccer, dodgeball and did martial arts growing up so yeah.  I'm so clumsy and forgetful at work but I think its because I don't like i there...
When I left high school I took a gap year before University and worked my ass off. Social circle completely shrunk because everyone went their separate ways. From there I realized who were my real...
Salvation
It means happiness till I earn over about $75,000 as a single then the the affect of money on my happiness starts to curb. money is just tool to move things around,it's accessible so you don't have...
Have you watched the series with madds mikkelson?
ENTP definetly
Shit happens just deal with it
First off all you should start by believing in yourself. Think about the pros and cons of living with your sister,  . If you have support at the place where you are at now from parents or what...
Another entp had sex with some nobody in my bed. Totally felt violated. Had to burn that bed. Uuuhhh *cringe*
Fair game, I'll take that one.  Crunch sorry, had no idea
Hey INTJ's we're intrigued by your ability for formal logic cuz we're mostly rationalizing trollollolo's. So is it true that you guys have a sense as to when an argument may finish?
If you can support yourself,by all means go for it'"


3456: 'Having come into a super feminine phase lately, I fucking love clothes. And really high heels. Make up is still on probation but I love anything that makes me feel classy and beautiful.
Displeasure usually involves a lot of sarcasm and me trying to find the best way to insult you without you realizing it.   Anger is swearing, shouting, ranting at how fucking stupid people are.  ...
Surprise, motherfucker! Yeah!
I think it's just a product of you being young. You're what, 17? You are still yet a stranger in this world, blah blah Shakespeare blah.
1. N'aww! That's very nice of you to say so. :)  2. I think part of it may be that we have different standards than most people because we're not personally involved on a lot of levels. Be who you...
People who aren't us can be incredibly exasperating sometimes but you have to remember that there are fuckups in every given group. Don't give in to the temptation to use Fe/Se/Ne types as...
Ask him bluntly So, do you want in this or what?   If someone I liked did that to me, I'd be in heaven.
First of all, I'm sorry for your loss. I hope they catch the bastards that did this.   How do I deal with grief? I usually get very quiet and introspective. I cry. I already know the five stages...
Corruption arises because all human systems are made up of human beings, who are programmed to gather as many resources as they can to meet their basic survival needs. Things get out of hand when...
I love you guys and your black, black hearts. XD
I'm gay, living in a decent size town with a smallish gay community. Basically, the only queer contact I get is a lesbian meetup group where we all sit down and just talk, sometimes about a specific...
My family calls me emotional because I have the good sense to address my problems instead of bottling them up so they can screw me up later. *shrug*   My friends say a lot that I'm organized and...
INTJ friends are awesome, the type most likely to call us on our shit :P
Ignorance of basic human psychology is this thread's overarching problem. If you can't understand why people do things, you're never going to be able to get them to change.     Those particular...
Learn to find their resentment delicious. ;)
Incompetent bullies. I'm dealing with a some at work right now and it just fucking gals me. Everything could have been avoided if they had taken one simple precaution but no. They cracked under...
Against all odds, the ENTJ confidence prevails. This can be intimidating to others; again however, this does not change the ENTJs unstoppable march.  - ENTJ
It's hard to nail down just one. For me, it's more like a lot of different books had a hand in shaping different parts of me.  Grade Two - The Cam Jensen series, about a girl with a photographic...
Ready now. You? :}
Teaching evolution to creationists?   Lobbying the entertainment industry to include more LGBT characters?   Stealth editing women's nipples back in to movies and TV so people stop crying when...
Kinky ENTJ here. Totally a domme. The sound of a crop hitting flesh? Unf! The trust a submissive gives me when he or she lets me control their actions? Addictive.
Classics:   Jane Eyre, Charlotte Bronte Pride and Prejudice, Jane Austen Emma, Jane Austen Sherlock Holmes, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle The Inferno, Dante  Modern:
If she's crying in front of you, she's opening up. That's a good sign. Let her do that as long as she needs it.   Any kind of loss like that is going to be especially hard on an NT type because...
That's kind of a dick move. We're normally more decisive. There's a distinct possibility that he enjoys jerking you around - let's be honest, ENTJs, we really like control - and his feelings for you...
1. I think bromances are awesome and it's sweet to see one develop.   2. I can play: violin, clarinet, flute, trumpet, bass, and Guitar Hero drums. Watch out.   3. I'm starting to think that...
1. I'm really good at seeing more options and solutions to problems. I.e I'm a polytheist. One god? No god? All the gods! No one knows for sure anyway, so why not?   2. I have synesthesia. Letters...
I always figured it was a part of my freakish memory. Facts check into my brain but they rarely check out.
Rule with an iron snit? Lose your mind on something loud enough and types who hate confrontation will trip over themselves to avoid it forever more.
Mayors, Presidents, friends, family, he'd tear throats for anyone he considers his own. But loyalty so heavy-handed belongs to an exclusive club. It's only when he's thrown out the brown-nosers, the...
I get sexually harassed by patients on about a quarterly basis, never the same person, impossible to predict, infuriating as hell. What does my boss say the first time it happens? Take it as a...
If I can find a way that I can disengage emotionally from the issue, then it's done. For example, I tried to order a different size letterhead that we basically only use internally at work. Boss...
I'd say Leo/Virgo cusp is a better fit. We're outgoing and self-possessed (Leo) but we're also analytical and disinclined towards bullshit (Virgo)   Three guesses what I am :P
Not really, no. In general, I'm pleased as punch with myself so someone complimenting me fits with my world view.
What are you looking for when you analyze? Are you getting disproportionately angry at small things? Do weird things make you fearful or upset?
Anyone here going to admit to that kind of ineptitude, even if we secretly know we do it?   *crickets*   Thought so.
Sure there are gender roles. They're a product of generations of expectations and social needs and they're not going to disappear overnight just because the people who don't benefit from them have...
When I see an old homeless man on the street begging, I ... walk past lik I didn't see him  When I walk past a child who's smiling, I ... smile back  When I see an attractive member of the same...
Can't function with it! Lately my boss has been fond of putting on the tv in addition to the soft rock crap radio and then my other boss has his right wing talk garbage blaring in the back. It grates...
She likes slash!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!!!!! 8D
Yes it is! Don't fuck it up or I'll fuck you. I'll kill you. Okay, I love you. Bye! - my favourite quote of his.
For a Feeler like you, I can't help but think the process would be like becoming a vampire. Sure, you'll be faster (at making decisions) and stronger (with your opinions) but can you handle never...
OkCupid messages. Success!
I'm partial to the notion that we incarnate voluntarily, to learn and grow.
At all times? No. As much as is feasible? Sure. But I think what you're getting at is the ability to act like a normal human being in a social environment as opposed to, like, Sheldon Cooper.
Sick day over :(
Mainly General Psychology and Sex and Relationships for the LGBT thread. I don't really care that much about digging around the other types' subforums.
Fresh meat everywhere XD
1. Nothing happens to you that you can't handle until the exact moment you can handle it. It may not feel like it at the second it happens but you will beat this.  2. If you want to know who you...
Fuck everything, y'all
It's definitely important. I don't necessarily want a girl who's suntanned or a partier but she needs to look put together. Beyond that is where the personality factors take over.     Depends...'"


3594: 'I agree with wiarumas and MsBossyPants. I only like getting gifts that I'd find useful, and that doesn't happen often. Mostly because I buy myself anything I need. He may find the gift card useful,...
It is quite amazing how different things are on the other end of the world. For starters, I would never imagine trying drugs or smoking. It's not something that's very big over here in Australia. I'm...
Literally, both have very different meanings which others have explained well. But in reality, both are used interchangeably without any clear difference. The real question is What is your opinion...
I can play and sing music perfectly when it's written or I know the song off-by-heart, but when it's impromptu, I seriously struggle. That's why I never really did well in drama (musical drama, at...
I feel the same way. I look at my friends who want to be builders, pharmacists, plumbers, etc and I just can't comprehend why they'd want such a thing. Even being a doctor or the corporate world...
Yes, I believe if someone has such a huge ego, it can be detrimental. I don't believe my ego is that large; I will often seek input before most of my decisions that affect others. Yet a healthy ego...
Hmm, that's a good point. You're probably right... but that doesn't mean I'm wrong!! ;)  But thinking you're invincible and being egotistic are fairly different things. Being invincible is about...
I often find myself being overly serious about situations. Someone once told me I'd be an awesome lawyer 'cause I'm always serious. But when around friends, I suddenly become this hysterical,...
I personally enjoy the company of INTPs, and usually find myself romantically interested in them.
I rarely ever, ever admit to mistakes. Mainly because I rarely ever make them ;)  Joking aside, I would agreed with MsBossyPants that it is more of an ego thing than an ENTJ thing. I do sometimes...
Wasn't trying to suggest that; sorry if it came across as so. =)
If I was your boyfriend, I wouldn't reply either. Only because text messages cost 12c each for me, and I'm very stingy. And I think sending messages like same! or me too is just a waste. I'd much...
I find the same thing in high school. I must have hundreds and hundreds of acquaintances within and outside my school, but forming lasting, deep relationships with a few specific people is difficult....
Thanks for the defence. :P  I think that many people believe Desperate Housewives is just one of those bad woman's/gay guy's shows, but it actually is quite intricate and entertaining. And by the...
Just noticed that the creator of this thread is a male o_o  I think you're avatar put me off. haha
Carlos.  (and yes, I'm a guy, I'm an ENTJ, and I occasionally watch Desperate Housewives)
I didn't read anyone else's responses as I'm a little rushed for time. As a 16 year old ENTJ male, I set high standards in terms of women just like my standards for everything else. Personality,...
Is it possible to be none? I don't really prefer either.  Although, I guess I occasionally enjoy seeing others crumble under my magnificence and prowess. That would make me a sadist.
Like the others here, it's not so much what topics I enjoy, but what topics I don't enjoy. Anything will do if it involves learning and cognitive stimulation. And if I don't absolutely hate the topic...
Grau the Great  I'm the same. I'd want to rule publicly, where everyone can see me and say Hey, he's the leader of the world!. I also love rallying people for a common cause, or convincing people...
To quote a great analogy by PisceanReve on http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/84156-intj-entj-2.html#post2082216
Thanks for the reply, Redline.  1. By the time I apply, I think my CV will be pretty amazing. I'm only 16yo, and I already have a Federal Member of Parliament, City Councillor and my school's...
Hi Executive Turtle!  Dear Sigmund I'm under 18; am I still welcome to help myself to the boos and doughnuts?
Charlotte  When I was younger, maybe around 7 years old, I think I showed similar characteristics to above. I didn't have an imaginary friend, but I did personify some things and would often run...
I don't have the experience of starting a new job, but I can see why this would happen. ENTJs don't usually get nervous about things, but this situation, but as some others said, it is the unknown...
I wouldn't really know, as I'm a forward-planning, independent ENTJ and nothing my parents say will influence my tertiary decision. I have heard of some people going to Uni just because that's what...
I'm a 16 year old member of Mensa, and think it's a great organisation. But I've never attended a meeting. Do you find many teenagers at the events? I'd somewhat enjoy intellectually stimulating...
FillInTheBlank  Yeah, I'm the same. I don't like it when people do something because that's what everyone does or that's what you're supposed to do. Unfortunately, everyone in High School is...
HTC Titan running Windows Phone.  iPhones are too following the crowd, and Androids are too slow and inefficient for the NTJ in me. Windows Phone just seems like a perfect medium, and it also...
16 year old ENTJ with 429 Facebook friends. I often get random adds from people who I've only encountered once, and I occasionally accept them with no particular discretion. I never send my own...
Although I'm still in high school, I've always had the perception that University is somewhere to go to learn amazing new things and meet other curious and intellectual people. High school has...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7MJx7kO0L0
I guess you're not seeking my opinion seeing as I'm an ENTJ, but I stumbled upon this anyway. I found the first video slightly humorous but only once. And the fourth one. :tongue:   To be perfectly...
Following up from that awesome analogy, do all ENTJ/INTJs fantasise about ruling the world? :tongue: I find it quite interesting that the ENTJ/INTJs here know the answer to that question straight...
I agree with your outlook on life; to be happy and content. Although I feel to be those 2 things, I need to seek out success. (not money, though) Unfortunately in our society, you need a degree for...
That would be different for everyone. Success for the rubbish man might be finally being able to collect rubbish from the upper-class neighbourhood rather than the derelict slum. Success for me is...
I'm still at secondary school, and am a long way off committing to a long-term career, but this has been interesting me a lot lately. What do you guys think of a career with the United Nations? ...
I like that analogy! Haha, I know how I will (inevitably) rule the world! :wink:
I'm still a teenager, and sometimes feel ostracised when around a lot of other people who aren't very intellectual or interesting. Don't get me wrong, though; occasionally with some people I can go...
Although I always test as an ENTJ, sometimes I feel like a bit of an INTJ. I think most people who think they are dual typed will have a split between E and I.
Dictatorship is beneficial; a society can thrive and grow without the constraints of politics and bureaucracy.
If I said this to my friends, they'd probably be like What the hell are you talking about? *walks away*  I think if you're looking for intellectual conversations, you might just need to hang out...
I feel very awkward when I say it, even to my family. I find it easier to say it passively, for example, when I'm saying goodbye to someone. (one the phone, in person, etc) For my NT father, I find...
By emotionally connecting, do you mean in a romantic sense, as friends, family or just as acquaintances? I have similar issues with people who are closer to me.  In terms of friends, I think it's...
Haha, you're right! These ones are too big and ruin the formatting and line breaks of the page. Plus, they don't automatically appear when you use text coding, ie. :P ;) :) :( :D  Not only that,...
Listener  I agree with you on those points. From first-hand experience of friends and family, I see how the system just destroys lives as people do menial and boring things for the rest of their...
Typically, villains are either INTJs or ENTJs. Most fictional villains will be INTJs, as they spend their days behind closed doors planning their attack. Whereas real life villains/evil people are...
I somewhat agree. In a logical sense, smileys are an ingenious way of characterising the mood of a post, and help to remove the limitations of online communication which include the lack of voice...
Well, there is 27 pages of posts and I unfortunately do not have time to read them all. But when I first heard of The Zeitgeist Movement, it really opened my eyes about the world we live in. I was...
I'm not in a relationship right now, but would say I'd just never work well with a F.  Did you want to start off by answering those questions yourself? :)'"


3627: 'Home  Check out some of this. Carl Jung and Kimball Young  Most of the MTBI testing is not nearly as black and white as they want you to think. There are aspects that they cannot measure which...
They ask about your chemical makeup so they can look into it for compatibility :)  In my experience they are quite a bit like INFP's when they like others intimately.  They tend to get agitated...
I would honestly say INTP INTJ is probably a good guess but an INTJ would not be so indecisive. On the other hand an INTJ would not like to make a decision until the problem's variables are...
Home  Here's fight club  Man, we actually have a thread! Whoot! I guess not logging in for five days was a good thing.  I would love a fight club. Where men can simply beat the shit out of...
I have hit a guy so hard in the forehead in a street fight that I made both his eyes go blood shot. This was because he hit me with a skate board when I was walking by (different story). I thought he...
Hmmm....Makes sense. Defend only when absolutely needed. You have a good head on your shoulders. Maybe my brain is broken... O_o Weird when I think about it, I can make sense of things very quick....
Can absolutely relate! I guess where I fuck up is when he calls his boys over... I am just quick to smash the offender at this point. It really rubs a nerve when this method is employed. I don't...
Every person has a need for satisfaction.  This is why we try to cover it up with activities. People who experience extreme loneliness just are not  getting what they are looking for, at all. This...
Neat link. Places all kinds of theory into one spot. Was there something specific you were directing me to?  Btw, I think we all should just drop some acid :crazy:
matter interacts outside of a black hole not inside. when the matter is absorbed into a blackhole it descends rapidly to the singularity. likely, being a singularity, matter and anti matter can...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoERl34Ld00  Wasn't listening to it but everyone MUST know of Joe's amazing amazingness! Mr. Satriani, a god among guitar players Even taught Steve Vai a thing or...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TAqZb52sgpU Naturally
Or Xcom...don't forget Xcom damnit
RPG and strategy. I enjoy all games but these the most. I still play Tetris (Still a great game over 20 years later) RTS is great too. For RPG I am partial to the Fallout series. RTS you can't go...
Don't let any poster fool you. The answer is...all of them. We all want to show the world what we want them to see. No matter how we feel inside. It doesn't matter your type. To say otherwise is to...
Very well said. Your point is sound. I would just rather fight the group and break the one. It leaves quite the impression. Worked for me so far. Getting your ass beat does hurt the dignity but for...
You are absolutely right. I am not a woman. I am not intending to offend nor advocate. I am simply speaking out of observation I have had over the years. Woman have proven themselves to be just as...
Yes I did and I have to agree with the above but stating it does not fix it. It simply fuels the situation. I wouldn't say women have anymore of a burden than a man, things are no longer built that...
#include <iostream> using namespace std;  int main ()  {  cout << I am not a programmer but I know there is a ton of money to be made on Andriod specialization. Many of my friends went this...
welcome! enjoy the site and I look forward to some insights from you!
A quick question to satisfy my curiosity: With the social norm being what it was for 10000 years you don't  find it to be expected that men can be taken aback? Try not to get worked up over it. It...
(Mr Ford pulls out his Strat and rips a mean guitar solo)
Depends. You a good singer? Let's jam. If not...please...please don't!
Some decent points here about being quite when a friend intervenes, people not listening or them feel obligated. I think that if they want to kick you ass though that I myself my feel compelled to...
INFP  Most likely to drive a bus off a cliff because of bikinies
Is evil Italian a type? :)
I tried the test you provided for the hell of it. It will not give me an assessment based on honest answers.... I even tried changing everything that read mostly to sort of and still nothing.
Mustgo soup
Very much so.
AHA! Here is some variables! Is this because Myers based her studies off of Jung's? (never mind, that's rhetoric) Now I don't have to smash my head on a rock!!!!! I see that quite a bit of this...
Elaboration in bold. Again, let me use myself as example, I know myself best so this is the most dependable: As you can see, test show I am rely highly ot TI opposed to FE, they are nearly polar...
Thanks for the input. I am not sure that this is what I am getting at, I think the problem is that I am using myself as an example. I can have a very hard time expressing my views at times. I...
This is not for the sake of self analysis but more for finding a true answer to a greater question. I don't think these scales can properly gauge, they only bring us to a a smaller head of a broad...
I am looking for opinions and or facts. Does anyone believe in ambiversion? I myself identify as an ambivert. I am energized by both social and reclusive setting. I love exploring my own thoughts...
What is this venting thing you speak of? Are you referring to HVAC? j/k
You were promoted twice huh? There is a factor. Men in most cases don't intentionally mean to be sexist but in our core we expect to provide. This does not mean that a woman in our relationship can't...
Depends on the day. Weekends I hang with my kids. Weekdays I write music or study something new (knowledge is power) never forget that. If I have a real challenge at work, I work all night.
Take her seriously. Really. On another note: Just because he says there is nothing wrong it doesn't mean there is. I am not trying to state that there is just that there could be. Has something...
BA first year Masters
No, I should have asked for more clarification first. Thank you for maintaining class though.
You are absolutely right, I apologize.  I was just trying to be helpful....I just didn't understand why my post was being picked like that. I will take this conversation off of the thread. Again,...
Point taken but I would like your insight on this. We really should pursue this objectively not argumentatively. We can learn a lot about ourselves and other by the pursuit. I myself believe that...
I would agree here. My best friend cannot always get his thoughts out as he should. He means well and in most cases has great insight but gets frustrated as hell when you cannot simply understand...
I am only relying on this tread because I have always thoroughly enjoyed my conversations with INTJ's, my best friend is such. I think what may be causing this is that INTJ's tend to lack the...
All of the definitions I see mean the same thing, they are worded different. So can you answer the question please? We are deviating far from the point either of us were trying to make. What if I...
I try to accept that people are going to asks these questions. We just bear this stigma. Wear it like a badge my friend. We know that we have emotion and use it well in most cases. Others my not...
In a work setting it works great. I have excelled far beyond where the average person will go in my professional life. I worked my way from the bottom to near the top. In most cases I do come off as...
A part of the problem is that I expect A LOT from all of my NT counter parts. We are logic and reason. And yes, you are extremely close in your valuation. How very perceptive of you good sir! The...
I condescended simply because I felt you were doing so, if you were not then I (as stated above) apologize. I feel energized by stimulation. This may be from my surroundings, a group of people, my...
Sorry about the late reply, but I work, a lot. Where is this fact? All I have seen is you state your perspective and try to use theories to prove your perspective correct. At one point, you even...'"


3629: 'Very nice analogy indeed.  It's funny how you mentioned you tend to get along with ENTJs than most others. It's true. One book wrote about the types that are most compatible with ENTJs to be ISFJ,...
Nothing to be ashamed of either. Don't understand why in this stupid World people view arrogance as bad.   You see... Arrogance is only effective to people who lacks competence. When a competent...
.....................
What chassis is that? 240SX chassis? Are you using a 240SX clutch setup or a Maxima-derived clutch setup? What's the HP at the wheels and at which dyno?
Yeah, very true. I loved your analogy by the way, the part where you wrote this:  Just to add to what you've written a bit, arrogance is the belief that  they're better than everyone else, while...
You know what? I think this is the best description I've read so far~! ;-)  I guess, then, I'm both arrogant and confident.
Agree 100%. In fact, the main reason I subscribed to this forum was not to argue with people here but to meet other ENTJs and share some thoughts and also actually meet them in person and conversate...
Very nice analysis~! ;-) But at the same time, it's the easiest personality to be hated by others due to over-success-fulness if you know what I mean... :-(
Haha... Yup. I exist for sure~! And definitely an ENTJ for sure. Surprised, eh? Lol
100% correct!!! ;-) Thank you for seeing us correctly~!
It's just bit more complicated than that. LOL
Did I give you that impression? Sorry if I did but not really. ;-)
OK... A few things to clarify.  You guys got all wrong. Or should I say, I wrote it all wrong.  This is the MAIN problem with the forums. When I write things, everybody reads it. But when I write...
Now I have some time to type finally...  The reason I said there is no point in arguing is because what you guys are arguing against me does not have any point.  There is NO point. That's why I...
Has nothing to do with that. I will write you bunch more when I am finally free. Busy now. Til then!
Ha-ha-ha! And...? That's it?  (Am at the bank right now and typing on this iPhone is so crazy (I see so many typos today) so no more... Plus, there is no point arguing with people that only want to...
I read it again and my bad. I was writing so much I didn't writenit correctly. Excuse me~~!!  I think you found out that I owned a Viper before and guessed and wrote that shit about harrasing a...
Just comment on what you think about what I wrote.  And read it right. I was 27 when I started my company and 37 when I learned about MBTI. Isn't this what I wrote?   Also, harrassing a mechanic...
I agree with you for the most part. I'm 41 and still learning every day.  I'm actually the owner of 8 different companies throughout the US. I'm not just any boss of a small company so I think you...
Now it is a fact... Poor guy...
Sorry but seriously, you are not an ENTJ.
That's the fact, though! I can't distort the facts...
Good point. Let me ask you just one thing, then.   Aren't you proud of being an ENTJ? I want to see what you answer to this...
We can go on like this forever but I don't think I can carry out any further due to my business trips for the next 2 weeks.  My point is very clear. ENTJs are extreme animals. They love...
Exactly what I expected from someone.  I think you are an ESTJ from looking at your reaction to my strong phrase.  ENTJs have N as intuitive. They like to imagine things. They can imagine...
I think you are an ENTP, not an ENTJ. ENTJs are not vague at all. ENTPs are.   What's the point sending this picture to me? What's it supposed to mean?  Do you mean I'm smoking pot because I'm...
Yes they do... Who doesn't fail? Actually, ENTJs learn from failures.
My father is an ESTJ. The main difference between the ESTJ and ENTJ is, ENTJs know how to control a group of people and cooperate with other businessmen. ESTJs don't like to do that. They are good on...
INTPs can't go that big. Their instincts are not as big as ENTJs can have...   Yes, there is a rumor he is an INTP and I studied that through various websites and youtube videos. What they are...
Everyone can have differences in opinion but I think so and this website thinks so, too...  Famous ENTJs  INFJ cannot carry out big scenes like he did. ESTP is not really into huge success....
On a side note, a lot of ENTPs and ENFJs mistaken themselves with ENTJs...  You gotta remember, there are only a handful of very few ENTJs in the World. I would say far less than 0.01% unlike some...
This is VERY interesting indeed. I was testing to see if someone is really an ENTJ.  Was kinda expecting to find someone who's really an ENTJ and every time I tried I failed.   I failed again......
All of you guys who are opposing to me are NOT ENTJs. Don't pretend to be one. What a joke...
That's because you talked to them. When I talk to people, I normally don't behave this way. In forums, I just behave a little more outward behavior. Big deal.
Good for you! I'm very happy for you! You are a better student than what I was when I was 17.  . . . . . Do you see what I just did? You stated a fact and unless I'm a God that knows whether...
I didn't say you are jealous because I think you are jealous. I said it because YOU SAID YOU ARE jealous. Nothing more or less.  Look. You said you like to curse. OK. If that's the case, then so be...
What a pusillanimous mattoid...   Look. Discussing is one thing. Cursing is another. You start cursing, then it's the end of this conversation. Unless you can curse in front of me, don't curse. No...
Love your avatar! Baby already shows he is an ENTJ because he hates sandcastles since it's quite useless! Haha... LOl~!
Sorry, man. (That's the reaction we ENTJs get all the time so nothing surprising, though...)  It's not really arrogance. It's ENTJ. Like everyone else says, ENTJs  can't help with arrogance too...
Haha... Nothing unusual. You are just one of many that hate ENTJs I guess...
I also think you cant' change your personality. Many people hate me for how I speak and act. There isn't a single person in the World who loves to be hated. I hate it, too.  I've tried so many...
You misunderstood me.;-) I said I acted like one, not I was one.:kitteh:
I think it's possible although I think it's super hard.  When a person faces a tremendous amount of stress or sudden life-style changes, then it might be a possibility.  For example, someone who...
I totally agree with your oral sex stuff!
... compared to other MBTI types because ENTJs are always very busy making money.  I myself am a believer of MBTIs since my personality (ENTJ) is very different/unique and rare, so unique that...
Oh.... Actually you might want to correct that. ENTJs are ESTJs are a completely different animals. They do NOT get along well, NOT because they have the same temper but because what they believe are...
If you really meet one, then you will either love them or hate them. That's how it is with ENTJs... People usually hate me but few love me. Very different...
Well... Maybe you are not a strong ENTJ, then. Maybe closer to INTJ or  ENFJ? ENTJs are strong animals. They always need to be in control. If  not, they feel useless...
Well... Maybe you are not a strong ENTJ, then. Maybe closer to INTJ or ENFJ? ENTJs are strong animals. They always need to be in control. If not, they feel useless...
Well... I never met an actual ENTJ in person. I do know many who I never met in person such as Hitler, Napoleon, Steve Jobs, Ju Young Chung (founder of Hyundai Group, the largest conglomerate in...'"


3649: 'Depending on your previous friendship but don't try to manipulate the ENTJ too much about the interior/routines/behaviour and habits. Show mutual respect to each other and it should work out fine
Where to find me back in high school  -Science and math classes (hard logics) -One of the key players in best sports team -Seems to know many people and has a weird girlfriend -Has a strange...
I have notice many of you this with people and for me I always feel embarrassed/have to save the situation for you guys. You just keep on talking to them... on and on. Stop do this guys :P
To be just brutally honest: I don't go along well with ISFJs. (Wait there is some upside...)  You are a nod better than the ISTJ though.  I guess the elucidated answer is how our functions work....
88759  Your gratefulness is appreciated. Although, there has to be stated that this is how we roll on a regular basis.
Had a real depression once in my life. It felt horrible...couldnt explain what was going on with me and my body. I searched and searched for answers and logical explanation.  After some months I...
First, I dont make friends with the opposite sex since I realized it distracts me most of the time. If I do make friends, very soon I will make it clear, if not immediately, that I'm interested in...
You forgot the Trappist beer in the alternatives.:rolleyes:
Well it seems you can't see the sequence of a person jumping through skilled people for jobs, that it will leave disappointed and angry people behind? This pattern seems as common trend not only in...
What I can say is that I know where you come from and can see the reason why you think as you do. If I should give you a logical advise. Reach success by who you know over your actual skills will...
Words are sensitive and makes too much harm. My best comeback when insulted is   Empty stare. Takes a zip of my coffee/beer. Pause. Sorry, what were you saying again?  That face of the other...
Im glad this topic came up. I'm regularly not interested in dating or relationships but when I meet someone I like I do act kind of direct to it. Though it seems as this approach comes off as weird...
For me ENTJ I find this as a poor quote since for me it's both It's what you know AND who you know
Im bored. Guess here's where the magic happends?
Talking to myself while reading facebook news feed: Please just pause... think about the shit you just posted... and then press delete post. You're fat. Don't post that. What's the point?...
Dinner, alcohol with a soul mate.
My high school INFJ friend was a great (and/or horrible) actor. He was excellent at pulling jokes making the entire class laugh. We made a school movie and he was unquestionable the best actor in it....
Your inability to separate your emotional life with professional life makes it difficult for me to take you fully serious in work. Sorry.
Well I presume I speak for many of the social ENTJs. My social life is a continuos process of uphold different perceptions of me to different people. I have learnt a lot about socializing by being...
Recognize this.
Naaah :D  Even if I am pretty good with details and understanding of knowledge. You guys do it in a more complete and tedious fashion. I have to put (unnescessary) much effort to compete with you...
Admitting mistakes is not an apology. You are correct. Although staying stronghold to your opinions/beliefs/way of doing things/ even after prooved wrong several times in the certain case doesnt...
:)  I get the impression that INTJs dont realize that there is a strength in admit mistakes.
ENTJ has much easier to admit mistakes. INTJ rarely appologies. Something that bothers me actually when spending too much time with INTJs.
Yeah Im also searching for them atm.. with poor results
Works pretty well short term. I don't really know what works for me.  I tend to see every relationship as a major story in my life, dont know why. Which take me some time to cover the fire so to...
Yes, I do now. Took me some time in life to make me aware of though.  Even an ENTJ realize that... love and glory... hopefully both mixed together... as glorious love perhaps :) is all that matters...
Hmmm...  I can only talk from myself and I start it like this. I have somewhat hard times with ISTJs in general.   Somehow we don't connect at the level it requires for me to actually gain some...
64915
ENTJs that trying to go after another smarter ENTJ without realizing it. I enjoy taking on these immatures, use to give them several hints of warning signs like do not trespass.. it will get you...
Start by removing them from facebook. Don't want them around any part of my life.   When I think back I see them as a phase in my life. Usually something I learnt and taken with me in further. Even...
It is when Im unexpectedally tested or a situation turns out to be a such of that art. Though I can control this side pretty good in practice it has come out more in competative environments such as...
When I have my own kingdom and to move my position requires tremendous amount of effort and luck. Then I would express my true inner self.  People that dont know me that well, I think sometimes get...
Ok I see now in my thermodynamic book they give acetic acid (gaseous) as -433.33. The value you should use is the one for liquid acetic acid, −483.5 kJ/mol [wikipedia].   By the referrings above A,...
Ok think I came out wrong. (Had to be my temperamental ENTJ)  Dont make him jealous but at least show him that you dont care about him in that way. Still talk to him and stuff and be nice of course.
Ok another question. Under extreme pressure, say like in work, could you be able to neglect your relationship but still maintain the same emotions for your partner?
You are right. In this case the reagents were given in concentration (M) which is not the same as mol. Actually it is only by mol when counting stoichiometry. The problem was a little bit simplified...
Have this pretty hot ESFJ friend. She always complains why she never finds any nice guy.   Well, if you for 5 years never had a real boyfriend and no guy makes your cut and they are just after sex....
For my situation that was not good news. :sad:  Thank you
Because the ESFJs I know dont listen to my advise or expertise when I am trying to help them. Also for me, they have a very different perception on how the world is run.
Hello INTJs,  Im curious what are the signs, let's say when you are in a romantic relationship, that you no longer are in love with that person?  Thanks
Hmm.. I dont like when things go to easy. Or let me rephrase, when things goes easy it loses my interest since it is a sealed deal. Although when stuff that should be organized isnt, I wake up and...
NaOH (s) + CH3COOH (l) + H2O (l) --> Na+CH3COO- (s) + 2H2O (l)  Enthalpy change of the reaction, dH rxn [dH (products)] - [dH (starting materials)] = dH reaction  --> [dH (Na+CH3COO-(s)) + dh...
This is not true for me. Thing is I don't usually see stuff at dates as other sees it. Too many girls thinks, imo, that whenever there is one on one time outside school as a date. Well I just see it...
It is pretty obvious INTJs stalk facebook and such about one. Well facebook is public so it is not considered stalking. Anyways.  I sometimes test my INTJ friends about this in person. Just for...
Nowadays I dont play computer or video games. Taking too much time for nothing. I can sometimes enjoy console sport games against friends like FIFA or NHL together in the same room, not online.  I...
One-sided relationships. Specially friends who cant value friendships before it's too late has been a returning theme in my life.
Actually these are people I know but they tend to keep a sort of distance with me. No, Im not a complete a-hole. :D  I can tell about an INFJ in my high school. He was highly talented in art but he...
I guess there are no shortcuts. As soon you are comfortable with your mind, yourself and what qualities you like in a partner it will come naturally.  Myself approach women as they were anyone. As...
The INFJs I meet seem to be afraid of me. Don't understand why because in general they are pretty straight-forward and vocal people. Hm...'"


3677: 'I think that it is bad he refers to human beings with these nicknames. I would think that categorizing human behavior is a very common occurring idea but it makes people seem less human and more of a...
The 5 Saddest Things People Do to Look Smart | Cracked.com  great website, even better slap in the face for many PerC users lol
someone has been watching too much House lately. lol I heard a result of that is to cause random chaos
damn dude awesome stuff. Rage Against the Machine is one of those bands that will never die
Evangelicals lie.... Ron tells the truth.
crazyeddie You helped me out more than any other person commenting on this thread. Thanks a lot man. Now I know who to consult in my life, an INTJ. :)
I do not think that you figured out my type at all. I do a good job of concealing that even online. If I was not an ENTJ I know that I would be a ENTP.
I think homeschooling helps in the development of talented children. You would be surprised how many celebrities and famous people take that route for their kids. Sometimes I think that America's...
Personality Test Site
A little hard to follow but well explained.
Economics play a huge factor. The great thing about America is that we have a choice if we want to be sent to a private christian or public university's and there are several programs available to...
Here is a good quote by Albert Einstein, Everyone is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will spend its whole life believing that it is stupid.  Well think about...
I agree, but some people choose to serve only themselves. These people frequent positions of power. Technology is going to teach us all we need to know about the universe. We cannot deny science....
Well I guess I should explain why I started this thread. The general population is constantly complaining about how much the government and the corporations are screwing us over. This is mainly a...
Do you believe that for a political system to function properly, religion is the best possible answer to keep the citizens gullible and trusting? When religion is removed does the system begin to...
I disagree. I think that since I am not meeting enough N's, it just means that I am looking in the wrong places. I am transferring to a University in the fall, but for the past one-and-a-half years I...
Thank you! I should be figuring this out on my own, but the thing I lack most is a mentor. I will look at University of Oklahoma for my graduate program.
I really don't think about people's emotions too much when working on something. I recognized a pattern and I was worried I was turning into a sociopath. You see I used to deal coke believe it or...
I know how you feel! Lately I have been telling my friends to figure things out for themselves because they are always coming to me for answers. It does get fairly annoying.
Ah you are probably right. Damn personality quiz did me no good! I am glad you pointed that out. By the way I am not involved with the church at all. I am a very committed atheist. I was just raised...
Every damn day I experience this. Even with my family I experience this. I get started up on a topic, and then I realize that nobody understands me. I have to make myself seem more stupid just to fit...
What I meant by the dumming down is that when I watch television, I think that none of this material is stimulating for the mind at all. So naturally when I see people that all they do is watch TV...
I am a little confused with the whole part of go out and do. Would you recommend sticking it out through college? I am getting very impatient in school because I feel that I can make an immediate...
People love talking about themselves. You notice this and it is great. It is something you should capitalize on. Get people to open up and you can learn more about those around you. In the process...
Looking back at high school I laugh. I was the kid who could always make people laugh, but I also preyed on their vulnerabilities. I was extremely confident around guys, and a I usually stayed away...
I believe that I have had more self-discovery over the past couple months than I have in my whole life. When you were going through this phase did you have a generous boost in self-confidence? I am...
Is there a book or article I can read that breaks down all the personality types in detail? Specifically the ones listed in this website.
Excuse me for being a little too inquisitive, but in what way will that benefit me?
Sometimes I just get sooo mad about having to tell people what to do all the time especially in work related situations where I am clearly not the leader. I always just know how to get the work done...
Exactly. It makes me guilty to deal with things strategically, but that is just my human nature and how can I control it? When you realize that no one is thinking the same way that you do, it almost...
Welcome to the PerC! Beats the hell out of facebook.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3YFmpSFJ40  copy and paste :)
I should have heard of it by now, but I really don't have any NTJ mentors in my life except for my dad. Unfortunately he is a preacher and very devoted to his faith.
Well sorry I am not as familiar with classical literature as you are! So no I will not hang my head in shame. I will just google it.
I guess I might be over analyzing things. I think the problem is that I am always around people who are a lot less fortunate than I am, especially with the close friends I have chosen and my family....
I have the same sentiments about the church as you do. Well I feel just because I have a pleasant appearance, and can successfully change my persona due to the demographic I am currently...
Who wrote The Art of War and The Prince?
Machiavelli has influenced millions of politicians and powerful people with his ideas. I am pretty sure most of the world's power has been tinkered with by him in some way.
It was a joke. I assumed most people who use this particular website are in fact quite good at seducing regardless of their personality type. This thread is started was just a little ice-breaker. lol...
I can already tell that this forum is very supportive! I am glad I found a place for reliable information.
I love (and hate) politics, and whenever I assess a politician I put myself in their position and the big-picture becomes more clear. With all the different views held by people it is difficult to...
Generally people do not want to hear your opinions on seduction unless you have some credibility. Credibility is something I do not have lol
I recently read the 48 Laws of Power by Robert Greene and it is becoming apparent to me that the failings of the US economy is based around people desperation for power. I also read somewhere that a...
How detailed is it? Can you accurately remember intricate details like colors and shapes?
Haha! When people tell me a recollection of a story that I have heard before, I can usually see that they don't recall me having heard the story before by blatantly turning the story around. I...
I have another question for you. Do ENTJ's usually have an astounding memory recollection?
Yes I go to school. But the work is hardly intellectually stimulating and my problem is if the material doesn't make me think, I am totally uninterested in it.
It is tough because I come from a Christian family, and to them what I do best is immoral. I am an expert at persuasion so i can get almost whatever I want. It just sometimes feels like I am living...
I got some ideas that could spark your interest, especially on the art of a proper seduction. Seducers are a dying breed, and I love to help people out. I am a very burdened ENTJ and I cannot wait...
Drugs and cancer are ruining our society as a whole. not just the United States, but the world. Soon once the lower class gets enough of impoverishment, they will rise up against the upper class. We...'"


3681: 'Sigh. Can't tell if I'm bored with life or needlessly restless.   First post in a year or so. I used to be relatively active.
Was your delusional period led by an emerging extroversion of the ego? As I used to think about it, I believe that is what led to a poor choice.    Go home. You're drunk.
I had to do a quick google search to remember what this was. It's an explanation given by Carl Jung (creator of what MBTI is based off of) for rationalizing that all things and ideas are connected....
Yes. Those crazy Japanese school girls.   INTJ. I'm a theistic rationalist. It's a broad term describing those of us who believe that God exists, but awknowledges the existence of reason and logic....
Try and be more coherent. Just stop. By far most commonly used. You disagree? You most not have heard me correctly. I took that from something and simplified it. I don't remember what or...
I let myself succumb to arrogant youth and enlisted into the Marine Corps as a result. I allowed my ego to disregard warnings, and now here I am with 1st Light Armored Recon. I'm falling apart with...
flip Planning five days in advance, huh? You got it bad...having someone think about you for five days, and spending time with you five days in advance? Look, I don't know if you are new to this...
I experienced the same thing. Most of my teachers used a weighted grading system, making tests up to 65% of the classes overall grade. I learned quickly that I didn't need to do most of my homework...
I just don't understand this pony phenomena...
There is no point in life long sentence to prison, even more so to the people who have more than one life sentence. It's ridiculous. One cannot do anything for society sitting in prison. It is a...
I've read every post in this thread. I must say that many of the replies from female INTJs puts hope back in dating for me. I just got out of a year long relationship with an INFP. I love her dearly....
As I'm sure you can imagine, we introverts do not much care for people and internet forums I suppose are a lot different, in terms of social interaction. We can pick and choose topics that are based...
Hmmm....I see.
You've been through far worse situations then any of us? I've read and commented on a lot of posts, offering help to individuals who need it. There are many people who have been through a lot. That...
When I was in the seventh grade, my grandfather died. He was the only person that I ever loved deeply and looked up to. I did not have a father growing up, so he took his place. He taught me a lot;...
I'm an INTJ and I like mudkips. I think they are really adorable.
I am quite offended by this question, actually. We are still people, even if we are a little more detached than most.    Best answer that possibly could have been given. Thank you.
Same here.  I reply with something snarky like You're too ridiculous or something of the like.
One thing is certain. You ARE an ENFP. I'm happy knowing that the system is still accurate.
Good someone brought this up. Don't play hard to get with an INTJ. It just pisses us off.
Learn to spell. Maybe that's why no one understands you.
I recommend this site.
I hope this is what you intended us to do.  How to talk to an INTJ. Speak with conviction and mean your words. Know what you are saying to me, and have an idea in your head. If you are a girl,...
It's okay to kill yourself if you're really serious about it. Did you think before you typed that out? How does that logically make any sense, beyond pointing out the outstanding obvious?   It...
Is this the new state for INTJs forum existence? Bathroom talk? Le sigh. This is where I miss the INFP fandom posts that apparently distracted us so that we did not come to this level.
I'm not going to jump in on this argument, but for for the sake of polls and what not I will say that I believe in God. I am not dedicated or affiliated with any one religion, as I belief most of...
I was going to say that you are an INTJ, based on your first post. However, after your answer to Sanari's question, I have little doubt that you an INFJ. All the talk of right thing and fear...
I have a girlfriend and am attracted only to the female sex, but I also consider myself demisexual.
1. Hybrid cars? Yes. 2. Classical music? Yes. 3. Tea? Yes. 4. Cats? Yes. 5. ABBA? No, in fact I really dislike ABBA.
I really liked metaphysics for sometime, actually. Rene Descartes for the longest time was my favorite philosopher, and his Meditations are what sparked the interest.   Someone several pages back...
Three.  Why do you wake up in the morning?
Well, I was so bored in school that I realized that I don't want to go to college for awhile. Nor do I want to sit behind a desk all my life, or stand at a lab desk. Therefore, I enlisted into the...
I'll add in a few things. Request higher placement courses. Do most your studying at home and read beyond what you are supposed to. If you think you are smart enough to pass the classes and tests,...
As I child I was really disturbed by seeing any sort of horror movie; which is funny, given how dark my stories were that I told/played with my legos or other toy collections. Now though, I am really...
Food choice can be determined by our personality? Hmmm...
INTJs don't play coy. You can't just...never mind. >.>
I'm going to refrain from being long winded and answer quickly, as I am short on time.   Stop importing everything and start being a little more self reliant. Countries like Japan, China and...
Sad Robot  Sadly, I regret to inform you that this is an awkward INTJ (most are, you know) macking game as they say. Or if you are not familiar with the term, he is flirting. Therefore, I think...
Yes I totally agree that he doesn't know what he wants. That's why she needs to tell him in the beginning. At least this way he won't be blindly led on.  Sad Robot  Why didn't you post us the...
HA!  Sad Robot  Okay look. I'm not going to ramble on and argue about this, as I think this is pretty straight forward. It is my personal belief that most INTJs do not care so much for people,...
Vuduvince I don't like your use of faces. You're awfully...cheerful...
Sure Light has friends, but I'm sure you noticed that his girlfriends were being entirely used, and that he really had no interest in either of them. He also stated directly that he needed to appear...
I will never pass up an opportunity to recommend Jin Roh: Wolf Brigade. Favorite movie of all time, anime and otherwise.
I love how INFP's don't come into INTP threads, asking questions like this. So instead INTP's decide to ask said questions of and for  themselves.
Dear music world and all who are recently closely associated,   Stop producing absolute shit. Even more so, stop ruining my favorite artists.   Kind regards,  Pissed INTJ
Well I am very happy with the person I am with; so in that aspect I am a happy person. I am not very content with my life, however. I'm only 19, and my higher education/training hasn't really...
I'm really tired of this INTP/INTJ bullshit that has recently been blown WAY out of proportion. I don't care about your sudoku/train tracks. It's irrelevant to everything.
I encourage you to read it. I read it for an IB (International Baccalaureate, for those who don't know) English class, and then again afterwards so I could enjoy it a little more. Each story is no...
Black and white aren't colors. They are pigments. >.>
Exiles at Home by Ch'en Ying-Chen. Nine short stories of Chinese literature. Absolutely astounding stories.'"


3700: 'Previous to my PTSD inducing event in February of last year, I was rarely moved to tears. Every now and then I'd watch a movie that might make me a little teary-eyed, but not much. I cried when my...
Well, everyone tends to deal with stress differently. In the work place, just getting organized and developing a sense of control over the situation helps destress me. I've also got a few mental...
So, when I first took an MBTI test it was almost ten years ago and performed by a psychologist. Over the years, I'd periodically test myself and always end up with ENTJ results.   Well, in...
Ooo semantics :) I suppose you have a point there :)
I'm an ENTJ so may not be objective here, but let me review your list...   Adventurous - that can be common among the ENTJs - we like to learn, we like to have fun, we like having personal...
Well, he's pretty quiet and really a life observer, so I'd have to go with an I.   I think he has a lot of wisdom and has a lot of insight into the world... so his inuition skills are probably...
Hello and welcome! :)
Ooo, bummer. I hope things get easier for you.
I am sorry to hear that you had such a bad relationship situation. Anyone has the potential to betray those they love. I like to think most people follow the golden rule. I had the opportunity to...
Hehehe, he did make mention that he'd kind of count up the things that pissed him off and then when it was one too many it was time to bring the paddle out !   I can see that he does look at the...
Well, I am really good at never being bored :) I can always entertain myself. I like to read and write. I'll write non-fiction or poetry. I like to knit, it keeps my hands occupied while my mind...
Here's a limmerick for anyone who doesn't like their job :)  This job, it does sucketh. I can take it, no moreth.    There once was a gal named Jane. Who thought she could handle the insane....
So I've met a guy who I like and we seem to get along together quite well and we'd like to see each other exclusively. He's interesting and very nice. He does tend to make me smile and laugh and feel...
Welcome to the PC. Hope you enjoy your time here.
Dunno... I'm an E... I think I meet plenty of E and I NT's.
I'm sorry... you lost me :)  I'd say ask her to take a free personality test too and just see what she scores.
Question: Are there really people in this world who would be so embarassed to be seen going to a movie (regular movie not some fetish film or illegal acts thing, but regular ole movies) or to tell...
Hmm, that depends, do the guys in question have eyeballs? If they have eyeballs, do they have the sense of vision? If yes, then technically, it is possible for them to watch the movie eclipse.   ...
Welcome to the looney bin, here is your straightjacket. It comes in white, black, orange, fuscia or pea puke green :) Take your pick
GAH!!!! I get so annoyed sometimes by the little things people do at work... I just needed to vent a moment.   So, I'm trying to implement a new centralized staffing & scheduling business model in...
Well, the first rule of thumb here is... you shouldn't type yourself. You are not objective. People who type themselves can't be sure it is genuine and accurate.   Personally, I was tested by a...
Hmm, first let me say that the image in your signature is too wide and it makes my display have to scroll to see the entire message... which in my ENTJness... annoys me :) It would be lovely if you...
*hands you a bucket of good advice*  There you go. Dig through it until you find what you are looking for.  Choosing a career takes a lot of time. First you have to get a job. Then while you...
Thank you :) She is lovely. Sometimes I think she's a little flighty or a little too forgiving... yeah, I'm a grudge holder and she's a turn the other cheek kind of gal. But I do have to say she is a...
Heheh, I love my mom and my dad. They are awesome... it was interesting growing up though. Let's see, some childhood stories of me and my mom.   Well, let's see... I was absolutely neurotic about...
I was raised in a Catholic home :) My mother was the director of religious education for our Parish. Once I became independent though... I had a very difficult time conforming the idea of faith,...
Are you sure you are an ENTJ? :P  I consider myself to be feminine and I am that way because that is how I choose to be. I can weld, milk cows, paint rooms, refinish doors, change my own oil......
So here I am, a perfectly happy little ENTJ working on my plans for world domination and I decided it would be a good time to talk my mother into actually taking the MBTI. It turns out she's an...
Well, you do want to have the business-minded folks... but you also want a mediator on your team. Someone who can help keep the humanity in the ENTJ steam rollers. While we can analyze and keep...
Vent away, get it out of your system so you can let it go. Personally, doesn't sound like it was much fun for a trip. People like that irritate the crap out of me and then I tend to get a little...
I do have a temper. Previous to the loss of my abusive husband I rarely lost my temper though. I tend to be very even emotionally and don't really see the point in wasting a bunch of energy on a...
Yup. :) I know I am.
Oh my goodness... A new fresh and sparkly ENTJ... come on in! YAY. I've been waiting days and days for a new ENTJ :P
Ooo you are a spicy meatball.... tasty :tongue:
So provide us with some examples. Fluff is nothing but a waste of space. Give me something concrete to work with... or...oh wait, are you doing it by ... sensing their personal auras? Therefore,...
Well... ENTJs can be very sentimental. I still have the teddy bear I got when I was 9 years old. My mother ordered him for me from the Spiegel catalog and I slept with him for years, but took very...
Well, there are only a few of us... *sigh* We need some more ENTJ noobies to come and join our ranks. Maybe if we offer them badges and shiny swords we'll get some more.   There are two ways in my...
High sex drive  - Check... I don't like to go more than two weeks without some type of fun and games Creative - Check... I am lots of fun and like to explore and be adventurous Passionate -...
You say it's possible. I say it's nearly impossible to have a rational, logical and scientific method to base an MBTI type just on a single image of a person.   So let's get more information from...
Hmm, perhaps I'm just a little out of touch. I don't ever remember being bullied after grade school. I'm sure some individuals tried to bully me. However, I have no tolerance for being pushed around...
Hehehe, funny. I was thinking... well, if you noticed it was out you should just change it before I get there. Otherwise, I'll raise my eyebrow at you and wonder why you didn't take care of it if you...
The physical appearance a person has is driven by their genetic code, environmental and other external factors. I do not believe a person can just view an image/picture/see (whatever) another person...
We are just the very sexy minority :)
I am first in the birth order. I always had straight A's, never had to study, was often smarter than the other kids my own age, and definitely more creative than they were. I was a loner, very much...
Being a sociopath is not cool. It is not fun. Sociopaths create more problems than they solve. As an ENTJ, I'm familiar with emotional detachment, but a sociopath is more than just emotional...
When I was younger... a child and teenager, I would always procrastinate. I perform most efficiently when I feel the rush of a deadline :) When I have too much free time it just doesn't motivate me....
Well, the ENTJs may be able to get things done and do them well... but we certainly have our downsides. I guess that's the thing with being very efficient in one realm... it means your lacking in...
I feel old. What is slash fiction? Is that slang for action and adventure/thriller, or is it a push off from Flash Fiction?
I am sorry that you had to go through that experience and when you were just starting your life. The thing is, anyone... ANYONE can fall into an abusive relationship and my dear, that is precisely...
I'd spend my days exploring. I'd read and write, a lot. I'd learn new and interesting ways to cook and bake. I'd make a list of all the things I'd like to do or learn and each week I'd work on...'"


3764: 'How do you guys feel about commitment?   This week I flew halfway across the United States to talk to my girlfriend's parents about marrying her. We've been dating for four months. I got their...
Based off of what you said, ESTJ fits everything the best. I put parenthetical comments into your list of things.
Though the functions remain the same, I believe there are definitely two distinct kinds of INFPs (and ENFPs). In other words, there are two broad manifestations of INFPs that each one really seems to...
Weeknights: 6.5 to 7.5. About once every week or two I'll only get 5 hours of sleep, but that's relatively rare. Weekend: 7.5 to 9. (I value sleep much more than a good number of my college...
ISFJ.  TMLT miss his/her childhood.
Why would I need to get in touch with my Fi? Oh! Do you think maybe that Fi is actually the main inhibitor of Ni (and the main inhibitor isn't Te)? I feel like my Te and Ni are pretty good at jumping...
That's extremely helpful! Thank you very much. Now that you say this, I'm pretty sure this is the exact process that has helped me in the past, but for some reason I never noticed that it was the...
I, too, have a hard time tolerating how low the bar has been set for tolls.
An INTP who failed to see beyond technical definitions of words. But I did END suffering, and a utopia is defined by the absence of suffering. Therefore, you're welcome.  TMLT fake his own...
This isn't true of me. Historically I've had more male friends than female.
What most stimulates your Ni?  What things dull it?  How do you rejuvenate it when it feels dull?
Ha, okay. How about this: what most stimulates it, what kinds of activities prevent its stimulation, and when you feel in a funk, what do you do to restimulate it?
What do you guys normally do to keep your Ni stimulated?
Wow, bro. Don't overdo the planning.
- Being aesthetically challenged: I honestly have made some hilarious clothing choices in the past, especially when I was younger. - Walking fast and in the most efficient path, for sure. - Being a...
Just a thought/observation/vague impression: it seems to me that ENTJs are not often thought of in terms of being serious thinkers. The other NTs all have respect for their respective intellectual...
I am a Christian, and I wouldn't be able to date a non-Christian. I love having non-Christian friends and I can get along well with them, but 1) I want to see the world the same way as my (potential)...
That all sounds quite accurate. Other INTPs should take note. It sounds like you understand your boyfriend quite well.   And seriously, inferior Fi can be a pain. I think the worst part about it is...
Question for fellow ENTJs: How do you deal with insecurities in a relationship? I am finding that I can be quite ridiculous at times in questioning my girlfriend's every motive and wondering whether...
INTP is my guess.
I made the hilarious realization about a year and a half ago, when I first got into MBTI, that almost all the girls I've ever liked have been ENFPs. I like them usually because 1) they're tons of fun...
To those who said to go by cognitive functions and whatnot, I agree. And as for how she related to the description, she didn't. She's definitely an INFP. Especially as I keep getting to know her, she...
Dear INTP,   Thank you for being a really good and hilariously culturally unaware professor.
I am actually thankful for your mentioning this, because I didn't realize till now how much I do this. I have a tendency to say things (both in giving advice and in making observations) regardless of...
I'm 95% sure my girlfriend is an INFP (and after going through a lot of the theory with her and showing her some Michael Pierce videos, she agrees). But she tested, originally, as an ESTP. I'm just...
Universally: the meaning of life is to glorify God by enjoying him forever. Personally what that looks like for me is a life devoted to helping others know God better and more fully - and more...
Dear suspected INTJ whom I recently debated,   I am genuinely impressed with how much you have read and in no way doubt your intelligence. However, you need to learn to debate beyond appealing to...
I had a random flurry of encounters with a sweet INFP Freshmen at my college. I haven't made up my mind yet as to whether or not I'm interested in dating her. But I'm curious how you INFPs,...
Based off the people I know, here's how I'd describe each type in two words:  INFPs: Deeply feel. ENFPs: Truly alive. ISTJs: Always dedicated. ISFJs: Genuinely selfless. ENTPs: Endlessly...
ENTJ: I've worked as a security guard in a very safe area, and it was the most boring time period of my life. An 8 hour shift felt like a lifetime. Nothing. To. Do. I honestly can't entertain myself...
Hahaha, I like those guys too. But I find some of your typing to be a bit confusing. Most see Jung as INFJ, Sherlock as INTJ, and Newton as definitely an INTJ. I honestly haven't heard many of the...
Who are some of your INTP heroes and role models? Specifically, which INTP have you looked up to as an inspiration, who might be better in an area you find yourself weak in?
Logic is so misleading. There's always a middle option. Nothing is binary. People just need to learn how to chill, take life less seriously.
I value history a lot. It is the only place we find scores and scores of objective data. Yes, there needs to be some interpretation, but there are facts and details that are very clear and very...
I've been confronted (lovingly) twice now for having alpha male tendencies in my friendships with other guys. And by this, they meant that I do things to try to make myself seem superior to them,...
Yes I do. Case in point: I still am clueless about which of the four NT types I am. Inductive reasoning: I'm an INTP.  Sent from my SAMSUNG-SM-N910A using Tapatalk
In light of how MsBossyPants is pretty much the main representative of ENTJs on this website, I think we should give her a performance review:  Pros: - She is an ENTJ. - She is an ENTJ woman,...
Random question: Are you good at remembering history? Because I suck. And if any ENTJs have advice for another ENTJ trying not to suck at history, I'd appreciate it much.  Here are some of my...
Oops, I was on the wrong page.  My real answer to the above post: INFP. That Fi can get pissed, but then they come back to themselves and realize they want to go do something humanitarian, and...
ISTJs  TML to feel guilty about that thing they did twenty years ago that didn't harm anyone at all.   Sent from my SAMSUNG-SM-N910A using Tapatalk
That kind of postmodern thinking is a social construct, does not correspond to reality, and is self-refuting. But why should I expect an INFJ to care about reality after all?   Sent from my...
Absolutely opposed it. No questions asked.   Sent from my SAMSUNG-SM-N910A using Tapatalk
ENTP... This is why people don't respect you as a rational type.  Sent from my SAMSUNG-SM-N910A using Tapatalk
No. He's smart enough to think that he doesn't have to clarify that every single time, as if he's the only one to recognize it.   Sent from my SAMSUNG-SM-N910A using Tapatalk
Challenge accepted. A bit late, but whatever. That's the benefit of mentioning my name directly. I'll see it someday.   And here's an ENTJ who loves you ENFPs. Some of my closest relationships...
Dear ENTPs, ignore the haters. You guys are cool and clever, and the best part is that I don't think you need me to say that, because you're actually more secure than us most of the time.  -- an...
Leave it to an INFJ to ruin a thread by talking about random crap nobody else cares about.
I don't see how a gag would stop him from typing.
So tell me again: why did you pour the whole bottle of tobasco down your pants?   Only technically.
Ha, you sound like a cool guy. My life goals sound fairly similar to yours. I bet at this point you're going to click on my profile and be very disappointed to find that I'm not an INFP and I'm not a...'"


3768: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObrYXo93QYI
I will say that being an ENFJ male only works (in my experience) when you have used your Ni to become very masculine.  Overtly masculine, male ENFJs are irresistible.
A lot of good has been said here.  I'd just like to add that we take a great deal of pleasure in making other people happy.  We don't get happy because somebody made US happy.  We get happy because...
Could also be because we are constantly trashed by other types and have no need or time to put up with total and utter bullshit:)
To be honest, I am getting bored at this site already.  Guess it's an ESFJ thing not to pay it much mind!
Private.  Very private.
People seem to appreciate the fact that we are not self-absorbed, are generally quite clever, follow all the proper protocols, and are generally warm and fun to be around.
Slightly different from the typical ESFJ functions.  I was abused as a kid and as I went through recovery, I changed types.  I grew up an INFJ, then was briefly (in succession) an ENFJ, ESTJ, INTJ,...
I've already deleted her number.  It's really a blessing, because I know now more than ever what I don't want in a woman.
Well, everybody makes their choice and you've made yours.  I'm sorry for your loss.
Female CEO? ROTFLMAO
I'm Roman Catholic (best institution ever) and I say you are wrong.
This has turned into a politics thread.  Let's end the discussion.    Summary of the thread: ESTJ goes out with ENFP, ENFP wants to meet again, ESTJ not sure.  Compatibility in question.  Good...
Because it's in their nature.  Women are built to be submissive and men are built to be dominant.  Estrogen and testosterone.  Oh, and the Bible and thousands of years of history too.
All the hostility!  And you talk about me having an ego!  Very holier-than-thou.    If you believe something, you should believe it with your whole heart.  If there is any doubt in your mind about...
The date went well and we got along.  She was not very hot to me (not unattractive though).  She suggested meeting up again to hang out but I'm not sure I want to because I can already tell that...
I'm still playing, lady.  Date's today; we'll see how it goes!  Thanks for the input, all.  Although to hear some of you, it sounds like I've already killed this before it started.  She did agree...
Dude, give it a rest.  There's not a passive-aggressive bone in my body.    To the other poster, yeah, I am bored.  Killing time before my date tomorrow:)
My liberal comment was very tongue-in-cheek, hence the emoticon.  I have showed the utmost respect to everyone here-it's others who have launched into personal attacks on me.  As for the...
Stating my own views honestly and directly, being myself is trolling?  LOL.  This is why I don't like the internet.  I get along much better with people out in the real world.    Lighten up for...
Actually, she's right.  Ladies shouldn't swear;)  Your mention of a fedora brings to mind this great song.  Ever heard it?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFyYfLvQo7g
Good!
Wow just wows don't work with me either...it just makes you sound like a liberal;)   Because why not.  Let's see how it goes.  What if we love each other?  Can't know if you don't try and I don't...
No problems there, because I am a leader and that's not an act-it's how I am.  My whole point is that it's not the girl's job to let the man doing things.  By being with a man/going out with...
Well lots of love to you too, sweetheart.  LOL.  Sexist is a BS word used to demonize anyone who would dare differentiate between the sexes.  It doesn't work with me.  And I'm sorry you feel that I'm...
What happens when an ESTJ lies / encounters a lie?I don't like it; that's what!
I especially like ISFPs.
Sweet, feminine, obedient, submissive, loves me unconditionally, hot, reliable, happy, good cook, wants to be a housewife and mother, willing to drop her career and let me do everything.
I appreciate your post.  Here's the deal though- if the girl is allowing you to lead, then who is really in control?  It's the girl!  I think that the man should be in control.  Try and see it from...
Hehe...just so you all know, one of my very best male friends is an ENFP, and I love him to death.  So whimsical and friendly and full of energy.  Historically I've had a harder time relating to the...
I'm not throwing punches at everyone with her 4 letters.  Heck, I'm not even throwing punches at her- just her behavior, which is to me quite unladylike and not becoming at all.  Hopefully she is hot...
OK, thanks for your help guys.  I will handle the date properly and see what her behavior is like in-person and whether I want a second date or not.  Case closed.
Here we go again.  No, I'm not trolling.  And for the record, the 21st century sucks.  20th century FTW.
Because she is the one who told my friend she was interested in me, she is the one waiting around for me to call, and I am paying for both of us.  The least she could do is be grateful and not call...
Her vocal tone sounded distressed.  All I ask for from my dates is a willingness to act like a woman and not have an attitude.  So far she is failing that test, but we'll see if she drops her...
Wait, wait, hold on.  I never said anything about stepping on her or booting her or smothering her.  It's just that as a man I expect to make the plans, lead the conversation, and so on, and I don't...
I suppose that's one way of looking at it.  My perspective was that since we didn't know each other, she might feel more comfortable if we got to know each other on the phone first before meeting...
Hi all, I have just gotten off the phone with an ENFP with plans for a blind lunch date (a friend set us up), but during the conversation, right before she proposed lunch (in contrast to my original...
Have you ever considered he might be an INTP?  They often have very strong views on things and can become flippant or dismissive when things don't interest them.
Oh, I don't know!  Speaking as a guy, any time I see a nice girl like that so happy, I feel warm and fuzzy inside.  Look at how happy she is.  *sigh*
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01FTLQz5sd8
I am not ESTJ in nature or a female, but I must say that I dress like an ESTJ, deliberately wearing white shirts, ties, black shoes, and etc.  The reasons are highly similar to the ones listed in...
Characteristics I've seen: -Male -Very well-dressed -Mature and professional even at a young age -On the ball.  Quickly takes control.  Has a plan. -Goes to great lengths to always appear...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRD5P3llYNs
You guys have got to listen to this.  Epitome of 60s easy-listening.  Perfect!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsw-hT7rMVM
True, but had you used the technique of imagining the worst, this wouldn't have seemed so bad.  For example, the worst could have been her sending you a bunch of insulting messages, then blocking the...
Hmmm...I am shallow in the sense that I will not date women that I don't find attractive, and I do like beauty.  But let me amend my earlier post and say that there's got to be good character...
Face-to-face.    And before you do it, imagine the worst.  Imagine her laughing at you, doubling over laughing, and then giving you a stern look and saying, Why would I go out with you?  Then...
There's a forum called city data that I'm sure would be a great resource for you on this topic.  Lots of material there and lots of state to state comparisons.
Infj.'"


3839: 'Can anyone suggest useful nonfiction books in applied psychology? I'm looking for readings on how to influence human behavior such as those by Dale Carnegie and Niccolò Machiavelli.
How to Win Friends and Influence People by Dale Carnegie  The Psychology of Persuasion by Kevin Hogan
I also changed from INTJ to ENTJ (inadvertently). The change occurred over a year while I systematically conditioned myself into new ways of doing things. Like the OP, a sales environment was...
Ti operates under moral principles. The validity of a course of action is dependent on its deductive congruency with previous moral axioms and their related moral theorems.  Fi operates according...
54) Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Over the past year, I've constructed a set of rules that has dramatically improved every part of my life. I find good fortune every time I follow them. I lose an opportunity whenever I break them. ...
This post is meaningless. I'm just testing something.
I like ISFPs. They don't try to change other people at all. ISFPs (and ENTJs, but for entirely different reasons) are the only people with whom I don't have to conceal my abrasive personality.  I...
I'm working on an INFJ description by assembling different parts from a variety of them. Any comments on how to improve this (errors, inaccuracies, repetition, poor emphasis, etc.) would be...
I'm working on an INFJ description by assembling different parts from my favorite ones. Any comments on how to improve this (errors, inaccuracies, repetition, poor emphasis, etc.) would be...
Global Thermonuclear War  Age of Empires III  Axis & Allies  Apples to Apples
The Roswell incident.
http://static.tvguide.com/MediaBin/Galleries/Shows/M_R/Ma_Mh/MeerkatManor/season3/meerkat-manor8.jpg
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent. --Isaac Asimov
Annoyance is a feeling.
Just finished the one you suggested. Do you know of any others?
Such is the fate of hardworking SJs.  NTs remember in vivid detail each and every time society and social norms have failed us. It happens so often that we come to assume that if we don't...
[post removed]
INFJ or ENTJ.
Yes they do.  ENTJ: Te>Ni>Se>Fi ENFJ: Fe>Ni>Se>Ti
With all seriousness, this is actually a good idea.  The actual method of how you say it isn't really the issue, as long as it's very direct and not (or at least minimally) mushy.
I see this as something individual. MBTI type doesn't affect whether someone is an **** *****-***'* ******. I've seen Js and Ps get into long arguments--albeit for differing reasons--but they usually...
My personal use of Fi:  Neither my behavior nor my value system is directed by social standards or group consensus, though I will often adhere to them when necessary. I will be courteous to...
Naturally logical, thorough and flexible. Funnier. More knowledgeable. Can explain why. Naturally avoids interpersonal conflict. Excellent procrastination skills.   absentminded It's easy to...
I'm working on improving my skills at reading people. Understanding the Basics (link below) is very helpful. Does anyone have other suggestions for reading material?  Body Language
Wow. I always just assumed everyone thought this way.
If you could have one power, which would you pick?  Flying Basically like superman. Maximum speed of about 100mph. You can carry however much you can lift off the ground by hand.  Invisibility...
Answer: No. I'm INTJ (Ni>Te>Fe>Se) and essentially don't use Ne or Ti (or Fe or Si for that matter). I use Se more than any of them.  Extroverted Intution Ne is a NP/SJ function, where you play...
Advantages of an INTP friend:   Does not expect social rituals  Easygoing attitude naturally tempers my aggression  Flexible  Knows a lot more interesting (useless) information  Never says...
Do you mean INFJ's here?
Post made in error.
ISFP: Fi>Ne>Si>Te  Fi Dominant
The test is biased against introverts and thinkers. Introvert ≠ Schizoid! I AM NOT A SCHIZOID!  Schizoid: High Paranoid: Moderate Schizotypal: Moderate All others: Low
Alternatives: actuaries agents drones stormtroopers workaholics  :confused:  Do you have any better ideas?
Utilitarianism. Where to begin...?  My headphones are covered in scotch tape. My binder is coated in duct tape. I fixed my desk chair with dental floss. I store pencils in tomato sauce jars. Last...
Yup. I don't make more or less mistakes than others, but I make different mistakes. It's useful for troubleshooting someone else's plans and finding a solution when others cannot. That's about it....
ENTJs take control of a group naturally. INTJs do so if the current leadership is incompetent or nonexistent.
Respect of someone for their official position.
egh. [shivers]  Talking: necessary. Posting it online....
Could I be INTJ with a higher Fi? Almost certainly no.  How do you all think you use your Fi? 1: Establishing my personal morality. (Which I did once, years ago, and never looked back on.) 2:...
People overload. Power supplies low. Approaching critical failure. Shutdown and recharge.
Is Captain Willard (the protagonist) ISTP?
Would you mind posting a link to your source?  I would ask in a PM, but my post count is too low.
Is Katniss Everdeen ISFJ or INFJ?
I read on an INTP thread:    I agree with the first part of this to an extent. Te will naturally cite expert testimony and societal consensus while Ti will use internal logical frameworks. I've...
One of my few friends is INTP. We got along pretty quickly. He's the only INTP I know who's actually taken the test.  -What are your opinions/views on INTPs? INTPs are like INTJs but without the...
I was going to give an elaborate response to cover every contingency but this works better.'"


3892: 'Nerdistheword glad I could help!
Need to make this anonymous somehow, you may find that most of us don't want to post that information for privacy issues.
Just because you had low confidence and few friends does not mean you cannot be an ENTJ.  I too had low confidence in my early years but through external feedback from others who's opinions I respect...
IT Manager/Infrastructure Project Manager  Can't attest to other ENTJs but I find IT to be very rewarding because I get paid to fix things which is what I like doing any way and I have the ability...
Samantha_MT welcome!
Gotta love a thread asking ENTJs about whether or not they need reassurance and most of the replies are from any type OTHER than ENTJs!
Do you know of any other site/forum/whatever where ENTJs actually do debate?
Hahaha you are too funny!  If you wanna talk big picture like that then you gotta talk about the big rip or the big freeze aka the end of the universe itself!  On a more worldly note in the...
Do you have expensive habits that require the influx of cash or is it like points on a game board for you?  I ask because I'm completely anti-materialistic, probably comes from having moved like 20...
Start us off then!  What are your thoughts on what is going on in Ukraine right now and the whole Russian situation?  Personally I worry that it may turn into another Nazi Germany taking over...
That's funny because I find my brain seems to require verbal affirmation.  Don;'t get me wrong I like actions, but I found with my SO even though I knew through her actions that she loves me that my...
I didn't do any schmoozing early in my career and climbed up the ladder quite quickly based on competency alone.  I may not have been the most sensitive person around but am freaking good at my job...
Being an ENTJ my initial reaction will still to be a bit ticked but then the logical/rational side would kick in and quickly rein that line of thinking in :)
jjk Good to know I'm not the only one with that problem!  I could always tell when someone liked someone but was completely oblivious when someone liked me!
Hear hear!  It pissed me right off when people are late to things if they don't have a good excuse like an accident on the highway or something.  We all have shit to do, why is your time more...
I used to procrastinate like crazy, especially when I was in highschool and college, would always put off working on the research paper or whatever until the last minute then stay up all hours to get...
I'll follow up with another hahaa  Was at a cafe today and noticed that their drinks menu charged $3.25 for a glass of beer Monday-Thursday and $3.50 on Friday-Sunday.  I'm probably the only person...
I've actually tried to get some debates and intelligent discussion going but it seems to peter out, would think other ENTJs would be spoiling for a debate about something!
If he's anything like me he's a huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuge sucker for cute!  Not in a faeries and rainbows kinda way, but when you say cute things etc I eat it up.  My SO is an ENFP and I love the...
Not sure as to your reasoning behind posting this but the lyrics seem to contradict themselves.  I catch up to her and we kiss, she doesn't kind of implies to me that the protagonist caught up to...
I had some interactions with a girl who I believe to be ENTP (disclaimer, this is a sample size of one so I know screw all about ENTPs beyond this one woman) and we were like fire and water, complete...
Can't attest to these units everywhere but the ones where I live have a pressure pad that measures the weight of the bulk items and veggies and whatnot but  when it says put the items in the bag...
For me it's always been incompetence.  I'm actually a fairly lazy person at times, I use my ENTJ brain to accomplish whatever task as quickly and efficiently as I can so I can go back to being lazy...
Yeah those things are a pain in the ass!  I rarely use them but when I do I make sure to not put my item in the area they say to, just lightly smack the pressure pad with your hand (so it thinks you...
Remove
ALittleSalt  Sounds like you know just what it takes to keep an ENTJ happy!  Can we clone you? :)
Can't attest to the other types but ENFPs despite being feelers seem to actually get us!  They come across like they are cuddly little kittens that couldn't possibly do wrong/be evil and yet they...
Do you say that you appreciate them though?  One thing I found hard with my ENFP SO is to her words are meaningless and actions speak louder than words, problem is that while I can appreciate actions...
I'd call the guy and explain but if it goes badly personally I'd say F it and move on.  Depends on how much ass you want to kiss to make the big bucks.
Be sure to tell him that you appreciate everything he does for you, if he's anything like me that will get you MAJOR points because all to often us ENTJs will give and give and give and never get...
Keep it up, I can't speak for others but I find both  RealisticDreamer and  ALittleSalt to be cute, no wonder us ENTJs like you guys :)
A suggestion on the first part if I may?  What you may want to try doing is to come up with backup plans with your SO and give your advice and input on those plans, not for all possible contingencies...
Damn straight!  My ENFP SO sent me a text the other day something to the effect of Sometimes I get a feeling that you and I can do anything together and she's right!
For me part of the reason why I might be seen as a bit stoic about things is because there have been countless times in my life where I was all fired up and childishly happy about something only to...
Can't speak for others but I'm all for helping people regardless, especially those weaker than myself.  I do it without expecting thanks or appreciation though it is nice to receive both.
EmmaN It's a good thing we are by and large good people because we can certainly amass a large amount of ammo on people without even trying to hey?  Other people are like hyenas to us being lions,...
Right on!  Pick a topic and let's have at it!  No emotions allowed :)
That makes me think....what's their catch?
Ok so it's not just me who can remember details about people they told me in passing that they cannot remember themselves!    One thing I like to say is that I forget that I remember.  If someone...
One thing I can relate is as a kid if I ever watched something scary within an hour of heading to bed I would have crazy nightmares and I would have to repeat in my head butterflies, butterflies,...
Actually there's one, do fellow ENTJs all sleep like the dead?  I was sleeping inside a truck and camper in someone's driveway about 20 feet from the front door of this house when I was a kid during...
theonlyrealmike This is so true!  I too would get all ticked off that people would just peel away into a different conversation and it would piss me right the f off but you are right, we talk too...
Thanks for this!  My computer was stolen a year ago and with it went my music collection and I'd totally forgotten about Covenant!
Typically I don't remember dreams at all, maybe like 6 or so a year.  But there were a few occasions in my life when I was lucid in my dreams and could actually change events in them instead of just...
Perfection is boring, it's the little quirks about a person that makes me attracted to them
Haha yeah that first bit definitely sounds like an ENTJ thing to do.  We are very future-oriented people and if we are in a mindset of wanting to be with someone for the long run we will project...
Most of it is completely innate.  In my case I watch a person doing a given task and if I have any knowledge of that task whatsoever I can immediately see if they are good at a given task or not and...
Am I the only one who read this and thought anything less.....would be uncivilized?
Damnit now I wanna know what they are looking at!
Oh yeah I like to say we are grizzly bears to outsiders and teddy bears to those we care about.  With our SOs we are completely comfortable sharing our weakness and vulnerabilities knowing that they...'"


3910: 'Yes, completely. I'm a city girl through and through. I love how cities have their own life to them and it's invigorating, but socially speaking I find the potential of big cities alluring. I grew up...
ENTJ, because I would win.
http://29.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lpmxjcdKRe1qlttceo1_500.jpg  Watch out, this family is clearly destroying those children's lives
I've always found the whole idea of fandoms fascinating and I've noticed some common traits within different ones. It's pretty interesting.    I'm partially in the Harry Potter, Hunger Games, NBC...
I've found NTs are more likely to be Ravenclaw or Slytherin.  I'm an ENTJ. Sorted 9 times (I helped with data collecting for this big analysis project). Gryffindor 3 times, Slytherin 3 times,...
Directions. But only in some cases. Like for example, I grew up in a suburb of about 90,000 people and couldn't get anywhere. Once I got my driver's license I had to use a gps app to get to my high...
I just had some pretty good pad thai.
I actually knew this really nice couple that adopted a child ever four years or so from when they were about 30 to 50. I think the largest gap was like 26 years. I think the oldest thought it was...
On Tina Fey: I don't think so. I read her book (which was amazing, I highly recommend it), and it seemed to have an INTP vibe.
Santana Lopez, Glee. Like, amazingly similar.  http://previouslyon11.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/glee-season-3-santana-lopez.png?w=433  Olive, Easy A ...
ISTP. or maybe ESFP.
*revives thread*  Holly J from Degrassi. Undisputed.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-LzovuVdyI
At the end of the day panties Anything that originated on Jersey Shore My bad
Seeker99   I'm picking up on Ravenclaw, maybe a bit of Hufflepuff in there.
1. Three Favorite Activities Sleeping. Watching TV with friends. Scheming/day dreaming? I'd count that as an activity.  2. Place you feel represents your essence. Where would we find you? Whether...
I tend to procrastinate with some stuff.  I actually have a heart. Somewhere in there. Maybe.  I'm sometimes a sap, but ENTJs do tend to have a sentimental streak.  I guess I never realized how...
Jack from 30 Rock, of course. Only non-villain ENTJ in anything I watch.  And Sue Sylvester from Glee....
Yeah, definitely. Most of her dumb comments are actually quite logically based. One instance that comes to mind is when Shue wrote ballad on the board and when he asked for a definition, Brittany...
My typing's kinda rusty, hence all the xs  Rachel ExFJ Sue ENTJ Quinn ESTJ (her storyline has gotten kinda crazy as of late) Brittany INTP (eh, maybe INFP) - I'm firmly in camp...
I recently read up on the seven deadly sins and out of curiosity I put them in order of how guilty I am of each of them. I discussed this with my ENTJ friend and discovered he had the same top three...
My best friend since grade school is an ISFP. Go figure, right? I guess opposites do attract. We're really just yin and yang. She indulges my need for deep thinking and will listen to me rant about...
Hmmm. Well my best friend is a ISFP, but if she was a guy I don't think I could ever date him (her?).  I do know one very happy ISFP-ENTJ couple though. :)
Come on now, everyone has seen this movie.  It's one of those movies that I can watch over and over again and recite quotes from it.  So what are the characters' types?
Definitely these two.  I think coward would be the worst possible thing to call me.
I'm not an audio learner at all.  I'm very visual, to the point that I can remember where and how a teacher was standing when they said something rather than what they said itself.
I just read the book. :laughing: It was very entertaining, but I wished we got to see more of Annabeth.  She was always my favorite. But I agree with your typings of them, but I think Leo might be a...
I agree with all of those, and I'm pretty happy there's and xNTJ that's not evil. Really makes me feel better about myself. :proud:  As for the new series, I have to start it! It sounds great!
I just read this series a few days ago and loved it.  I would love to know what you guys think the types of are the characters, and since I'm terrible at typing, I'll leave you guys to it :laughing:...
Eh. You guys are boring! I would rather be the CEO of a fun company, like Disney or Viacom, but that's probably my ENTP-ness showing :tongue:
I think my mom is an ISFJ and my father is a kind-of-unhealthy INTP while I'm an ENTJ/borderline ENTP. So... the E/I doesn't hold up, the S/N is possible, F/T is possible, and J/P is possible.
Hmm. Well my mom is full Italian, and we basically only associate with her side of the family. Her mother, my grandmother, raised me. I don't know about other Italians, but my very huge Italian...
I have really weird eyes and I get the most compliments on them :tongue:  They're gray from far away, blue as you get closer, and when you finally see my eyes close up, they are a dark greenish blue....
I love weddings, as long as I am comfortable with the people there. However, I don't think thousands should be spent on dresses and the like. I would prefer that money be spent to ensure that guests...
The MBTI types of US presidents  I came across this thread on intp central the other day that was typing the US presidents and noticed that there was only one entj, and that was disputed.  Entjs...
Yeah, I'm starting to think the same thing.
Hmm. Well one of my old best friend was a ISTP but I always felt equal to her. On certain occasions I almost felt like her mother, but this was rare. This might be faulty though as she was a very...
So which type is the most likely to have a hero complex, meaning that they are drawn to helping, saving, aiding, etc. people? I feel like I am like this as I am drawn to befriend people with...
Oh gosh. One instance that comes to mind was when my then-best friend, who had severe self-esteem issues and suffered from self-mutilation, asked me if she looked like a whore that day because...
What a classic book, and no typing thread for it! Here's  a character list: Atticus Finch Scout Finch Jem Finch Calpurnia Boo Radley Bob Ewell Dill Harris Miss Maudie Aunt Alexandra
I procrastinate wayyyy more than the average ENTJ, but I'm one of those people who can study for 10 minutes right before a test and ace it while everyone else who did the whole notecard/study group...
Of course the two least likeable characters are my type :tongue: But it sounds pretty accurate.
What have been your positions in social groups over the years? How has this related to your type in particular, or the types of others?   When I started high school, I was a follower, but at the...
She values others' opinions of her, so consequently she values personal appearance. The one that I'm having the hardest time typing is if she's introverted or extroverted. She would seem...
Not sure if this is the right thread for this since it's What's my personality type? but I'll plop it here anyway. :happy:  I'm interested in finding out what a girl's type is.  We used to be...
That's what I'm saying.  Would certain types feel that obligation more strongly than others? And, assuming your daughter is your only child and her father is in her life, would you sacifice yourself...
If an individual had an opportunity to save someone's life but had to give up their own in the process, what would the different types consider?   I am a ENTx, slightly leaning towards ENTJ, and I...
Oh. Gah. Wayyyy to young for me.  I've always imagined getting married in my lat 20's, after I've risen to the top. :proud:  What would freak me out even more is the age difference in the two...
Up until this point, I always thought I was borderline ENTx while slightly leaning towards ENTJ.  After reading this, I'm thinking I might have to change that. :proud:  One major example of my...
I've always been borderline ENTx, slightly leaning towards ENTJ, but I think after reading this thread I might have to reconsider this. I've done a good 95% of everything mentioned so far, especially...
Wannabe by the Spice Girls.  Why? Only because it's the best song ever!  I'm so mature.  :tongue:'"


3927: 'That's how I feel.   Like the gym, I feel parties and other intense social things are fun but it can be a work-out. I need recharge time. Having said that, I know I'm an extrovert because its much...
That's lame logic. If you practiced what you preached, you would have left the thread before being critical of the OP. I'm being critical of you just as much as you are of her. Simple as that.  ...
MsBossyPants & n2freedom,   I understand where you're coming from. But what I find objectionable is the apparent interpretation of success equaling plan first, drive later.  Success begins with...
Huh? No...OWS is about corporate injustice. Not anarchy.
Lame analogy.   The crime happened within the confines of physical nature, thus it is appropriate to use physical nature to confirm the crime.   Reality may or may not be confined to physical...
African American humor.   That is all.
The whole movement is characteristic of the mob. Opinionated but confused, blundering, aimless, and without solutions. They're waiting for someone to lead them. It is this leader who I will take...
This blueprint is very simplistic. Have you changed the world before?   Loyalgirl has obviously been hit with huge inspiration. She's posted about this in every forum, for goodness sake. It is the...
Wow, you are my doppelganger. :laughing:  I'm actually quite outgoing, obnoxious and seemingly immature when socialising, actually. Feels like a split personality.   I don't usually reveal my...
Are we talkin God?? Cause I wanna talk God. :D
Reminds me of my Dad.   Some people can't relate to philosophical points (and if you try to they'll think you're just trying to be irrelevantly smart), you just gotta speak on very plain everyday...
I'm going with long, actually.
Did you think of celebrities? Pop stars?
That reminds me of a girl I used to work in a bar with - she was of the exact same opinion. Anti touchy-feely with her boyfriend, at least in public. Its great that you've acknowledged his needs,...
This is embarrassing, but I intentionally dress like Bieber because I've discovered that it (strangely) attracts insane attention from random girls. The hair however, he took from me.
Having a big red button that says PUSH ME.   Blame, insults, politics, religion, relationships...any little comment can trigger a giant fire-up.
Aye, well I do still make a huge distinction between my interests (politics) and the social setting - as I do get very annoyed by individuals who just can't see the appropriateness of such topics...
I don't generally tread carefully. At all.   But when flirting, I do. You'd be hard pressed to get a straight answer outta me in that situation. Its about guarding the deeper emotions.
I've had nothing but disappointing experiences with ENFJs.   This is type of my Ex, and also of my Father (who I have never had a good relationship with).
I used to be scared of manifesting my true personality in the social setting (dominance), and pretend I was more carefree.   I've learned to relax the guard a little and just be myself - some might...
In official capacities, NTJs. With any others, I'll feel as if I'm constantly having to steamroll, in order to get the work done.     I am totally with you here. Though some Perceivers aren't as...
This isn't jealousy, as it should manifest itself in less extreme forms, at least initially.   Something else is wrong. If what you described was the characteristic of your family relationship, I...
Whoops. I'm going to play the devil's advocate.   I very much like the episode's message.   The scientific method is confined. It can only explain the mechanics of the natural world, and cannot...
Cmon. Do ENTJs actually use computers at all? Apparently not.   If the majesty of my brain's power is not sufficient (hardly the case) I will avoid Windows like the plague and go to my sleek pet,...
Criticised for using an avatar from a movie whose title I forget, that kind of creeped me out when I was young.
I will forget your name two seconds after you introduced yourself.
Definitely correct.   Self confidence = ego to alot of people.   And maybe it does, in reality. If so I am very proud of it.
Does that happen when you're talking about topics that require a little intelligence? I am very careful to pick and choose times to initiate this sorta talk because it is usually uninteresting and...
Even if we're good at fixing up problems why would someone, ANYONE, want to be relationally contracted to a job like that??  I seek equal support for my own weaknesses.
You're too kind, haha.
Weird to me is anything popular culture would see as extremely uncool, nerdy, far out etc. I'm friendly to these people and wouldn't shut them down if they tried to initiate conversation, but I don't...
JUSTIN BIEBER.   Usually I just get passing comments, but yesterday was the ultimate example. He was in town (Brisbane). With sunnies and a hoodie, I walk past the crowd of girls camping outside...
http://farm6.static.flickr.com/5069/5660468191_952a6cc3e2_z.jpg
I avoid being around the 'weird ones' (for any prolonged time) for fear of being attributed as one too. That's honesty.
Loss of energy - loss of motivation - loss of direction - despair. In that order.   I'm not pinning my hopes too solidly on a university degree. Its who you know that counts, and so long as I have...
I was keen for law when I was younger... but politics to me seemed an even bigger picture again.   But taking arguing, and turning it into a profession - that's certainly sounds very satisfying....
If you were in a close relationship with an ENTJ (in the sense that they trusted you not to judge), you'd probably see it more often than you'd think.
I'm terrible. I'll generally hug with no hands. :crazy:  And that means I totally wasn't up for it.
Ni can be very dangerous. Dangerously effective, or dangerously self destructive. That's my opinion.   There has been times where mine has not always been right, and as such I certainly don't...
I agree completely with MisterD.   Improv it. Challenge yourself. Put an ENTJ on the spot and he usually does well.   Rehearse it and it'll probably feel very plastic.
I'm sorry...what? Did I just hear blasphemy?   Ok, cat among the pigeons here: The King is the ENTJ, and that is the way it will always be.   That does not equate to superiority. That does not...
http://i675.photobucket.com/albums/vv120/lukiusjb/IMG_0085.jpg
I had a dream last night that I was sky-diving without a parachute. At the time, I was more or less pre-occupied by the prospects of sudden death.   Does that count?
If I have a crush, I'll lose the directness in favour of charm, sweetness, and even in some cases submissiveness (goes against every grain in my body). Its not fake, but its more like something we...
Your heart. It matches your personality with your dream much more accurately than any MBTI tool. Follow it.
If they persist with their flirting, I'll be pretty straight up and down: NO. I'm not interested. Just friends. Please quit making it awkward or I'll blatantly ignore you.
I know I'm not ENFP (I'm sorry), but I just wanted to add that this is pretty cute. :laughing:
Was it plastic, thankfully? I've copped the same. -.-
I know what you mean...as if they're leaving something unsaid...  But better that then to be called plain or unattractive.
I have a ENFP close friend who, this year, has begun showing all the signs of depression (dramatic mood swings, anxiety, discontentment), but can't put a finger on what's making him feel depressed -...'"


3971: 'I have always wondered whether sp/sx's are TRULY sp/sx's and not sx/sp's. The way I think of it:  sp.sx: they enjoy intense pursuits and deep relationships in order to lead an orderly and...
How accurate are your respective instinctual descriptions on this site: Socionics - the16types.info - Instinctual Stackings ?  Anything you would change about how they described it?
How accurate are your respective instinctual descriptions on this site: Socionics - the16types.info - Instinctual Stackings ?  Anything you would change about how they described it?
How accurate are your respective instinctual descriptions on this site: Socionics - the16types.info - Instinctual Stackings ?  Anything you would change about how they described it?
how accurate are your respective instinctual descriptions here: Socionics - the16types.info - Instinctual Stackings? Anything that you would change?
What is the most common instinct type stacking of the INTP ? (eg. sx/sp, sp/so...)  Also, what is a good site to read about the type stackings? I still find  it difficult to tell the difference...
What is the most common instinct type stacking of the ENTP? (eg. sp/sx, so/sp...)  Also, what is a good site to read about the type stackings? I still find  it difficult to tell the difference...
What is the most common instinct type stacking of the INFP? (eg. so/sx, so/sp...)  Also, what is a good site to read about the type stackings? I still find  it difficult to tell the difference...
What is the most common instinct type stacking of the ENFP? (eg. so/sx, so/sp...)  Also, what is a good site to read about the type stackings? I still find it difficult to tell the difference...
Hi everyone,  Is there a good site to read about the Instinct combinations? (eg. what sx/sp's are like, what so/sp's are like...). Many sites describe each instinct, but not how the combinations...
I'm not either, but being an INTJ, I sometimes feign conformity to get the job done.
dude = this INTP is displaying too much conformity for an INTP I'll tell you what = exerting too much dominance and decisiveness for an INTP I'll back ya = displaying too much...
Hear me out...  It is very ironic for someone to say I don't date someone based on type. From what I gather, most who say that are __FPs and some FJs. The irony is that they are not taking into...
oh man, I'm glad you guys are keeping this alive. Yea, she's still in San Fran. I haven't been online chatting that much, so I haven't gotten her messages (and because I met an ENFP and another ENFJ...
Yes, this is a very old thread but thanks for bumping it up.  Anyway, its been like 8 months, she's in San Fran right now doing a one year long research project, so there really has been no...
Thanks for the replies everyone. I basically sent her back a message similar to what you suggested. See...the difficult thing is that I will rarely (never) see her incidentally. If I don't get a...
So should I follow up now and say something like OK, I'll give you a call then or should I not respond at all and wait a week when I'm free and see what she is up to, or should I wait the entire...
Hey ENFPs, tell me what I should do here. I'm an INTJ and I was chatting with an ENFP at a party last night. We had a great conversation and I thought she really enjoyed talking to me. When she was...
I went into medicine because it had a lot of options and because it was a safe bet. Safe in the sense that even if I mess up, I'll always be relatively well off and respected. However, looking back...
Curing cancer is an ongoing process in research, decades deep. Most oncologists are administrators of chemo and managers of the side effects on patients, not researchers. The actual research is...
Lol. How do INTJs feel about treating cancer? I personally feel like it's not a just allocation of resources ($) prolonging a 75 year old's life to 77, especially since those last years will be...
So far, in all three of your posts, you've demonstrated projection. Somehow I doubt an ENTP female would ever consider dating you is a manifestation of your personal insecurities that you would...
Lol, there is a fundamental lack of understanding between Ps and Js. This post is for the sake of logic, strategy, and curiosity. This is not a response to feelings based insecurities. That girl I...
That's not what projection means, and if my original post didn't belong on an ENTP forum, then this certainly does not. Google it and read about it, you may make some revelations about your life. I...
Lol, thats a very good explanation. I never knew ENTPs had these aha moments.
The way you jump to conclusions demonstrates a line of reasoning biased by personal issues. You are utilizing a defense mechanism called projection. Likely you are very unhappy with yourself, go see...
Lol, you underestimate the INTJ's reasoning ability. If I set up a question like that, it would be inherently biased which means I wouldn't waste my time asking it.  I'll make a list of...
Haha, if I were gay, being a urologist would be so much easier. I don't see it as a sexual thing that makes it uncomfortable in my eyes. It's more of the fact I am doing something no one else would...
Under your forum I put dermatologist. Both essentially serve the same purpose.  Also...Sellhica, you're a man! I specifically said female ENTPs because I think there is a difference in who women...
Lol, I contest there is a subconscious attraction to title that many are either unwilling to admit to or are unaware of. All I am trying to do is to tease that out and see just how strong it really...
In tune with my sciency INTJ ways, I want to see whom you *female* ENTPs would rather marry. Assume they all have the same personality and looks. Please rank them:  1. Heart surgeon - works 70 hrs...
It seems like no one likes the heart surgeon.  How about this then:  Urologist (penis/kidney surgeon) making 600k a year, 50 hrs a week vs Dermatologist (skin doc) making 400k a year, 50 hrs a...
Thanks for the response guys. It is hard passing up 700k a year just because you don't want to see penises. I don't know how logical that is but I guess my 3rd function IF is telling me no. ...
thanks for the responses my beloved ENFPs.  So it seems like you all generally look at it in terms of: what will this husband be like to me. You guys don't care about the symbolic value of his...
I am an INTJ and in-line with my sciency nature, I want to ask you female ENFPs something:  Say there are three doctors that you can marry, all with the SAME personality and looks, whom would you...
I am an INTJ and a medical student. I am having the hardest time debating what specialty I want to go in to.  What it comes down to is picking a specialty based on enjoyment vs based  on...
lol, this is why ENFPs are so much fun to be around.
haha, no need to apologize, I just thought the sequence of logic was funny. My apparent outgoing-ness is only brought on when needed. To better describe it, I would say I use my extroverted thinking...
Lol, us INTJs aren't THAT bad with people. I'd make the argument that INTPs are the most awkward of all. INTJs start off awkward, but out of sheer practicality we make ourselves less awkward as we...
Wow, I had no idea. I could definitely see the ENFP being the rainbow in the cold, sterile OR. Wish we had one of you around all the time with us. Why was your friend almost thrown out? Was she so...
Haha, I like how that is a concern. I am a 3rd year right now. Med school is fine and all, but it depends on who you are and what you want out of life. There are actually very few ENFPs in my class,...
Lol, I don't like to share my ENFPs either, just kiddiing.  13 hrs a day (not including studying) is standard in med school, especially when you are on surgery. It has completely consumed my life,...
...too many quotes to quote  It's always a pleasant surprise to see what topic of discussion is taking place. I believe our thread is and has been the hottest thread in the cafe for the last...
Europe would be a lot of fun. However, I also think Asia would be a more unique experience. China has a good combination of historical (Great wall, ancient cities), nature (Tibet), and urban...
I had never interpreted it that way...that's some golden ENFP insight.
Lol, thanks for saving me from those craigslist hookers pinkrasputin.  ...If I only had time to remain nerdy. When I was in high school, I had enough time for whatever nerdy pursuits I felt...
you guys do not know how hard I am laughing inside. I turn my head for one moment and my single's ad gets hijacked by video game fanatics. This is great though, it's keeping my post alive and getting...
I am very intrigued by this ENFP + videogame phenomenon. I never knew such an affinity/inner-dorkiness existed. This explains why my ex ENFP was obsessed with Robocop after I watched the movie with...
How about in the life after college (mid 20s)? Where do I find you ENFPs? I never considered the bar a place to meet women that I would seriously consider dating, and plus its hard to spot who's an...
I did not realize you were in high school. College should be a fun experience for you where you can let your intuition-building go wild. Have fun chasing those ENFPs.'"


3975: Most likely INFP, but could also be an ISFJ or INFJ.  1. I have goals that I constantly daydream about. 2. Home is my prison, the internet kills the time. 3. Work is my natural habitat. 4. I am...
Narcissism  57 percent Machiavellianism  68 percent Psychopathy  1 percent ------  Interesting.
If you don't want to be fake then what are you waiting for? Be yourself and be honest with who you are and what you want. My only advice is to set some clear goals for yourself like getting a job or...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTVzSq81wCs  Mr. Van Driessen from Beavis and Butthead is a good example of an INFP stereotype. A daydreamer who sees the good in everything and everyone, even...
Set some goals for yourself so you may know what to focus on and work towards, I'd recommend that you take some time to yourself and decide what you want to do in the future next.  Keep moving...
I do know that Kim Jong-un has been putting on weight for a while and that he overeats. His inability to take a dump could be because of his eating habits, if he weren't for his hard work he would...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TO8qIqcxdvI
You've came to the right place!  I'll be looking forward to your future posts.
Welcome!  I'll be looking forward to your future posts.
Your welcome, and good luck with your research!
557122
ENTJ over here!  557098
Your welcome, :proud: and good luck!
There are a few differences between the ISFJ and the ISTJ.  An ISFJ is more concerned with the welfare of others, the word 'protector' describes the ISFJ very well. They are better at reading other...
Good to see you again Blue Ocean! and thank you for providing this information for me to analyse. Now lets see what I can make of this.  I get many clues that you naturally want harmony and you put...
Based from your answers I can now conclude that your type is most likely INTP.  Being a certain type does not necessarily mean that you will stereotypically act like an INTP (Sheldon from Big Bang...
Haha, cheers for giving me a detailed reply for the examples I've given you! It took me a while haha.  According to the functions you pricked you could possibly either be a, ISFJ ESFJ INTP or ENTP....
Personally I do know much about the Myers Briggs functions at all, but I will try and explain some general things that I know about the functions you are not 100% sure with.  Se= Is paying close...
For some reason I would like you to do something just to help me further confirm your type, in the paragraphs below the line I want you to tell me which functions you can relate to the most. But...
Thank you for that detailed and insightful post AlphaLeonis.  I think that finding out why I need an organized environment is a very good suggestion and you telling me that I have a preference for...
Having Te as my dominant function does make a lot of sense since I have always hated inefficiency and mistakes, when other people make mistakes or have hurt themselves I get angry at them for not...
I do not understand Ni either, but I think you understand it better than I do.  About what you said about ISFJ's not being confident about their future, from what I remember Blue Ocean was not...
Excuse the grammar error in my title, I guess that's what I get for staying up all night... Never was any good at English either, anyway.  I've taken the 'short-effective-scenario-questionnaire'...
I think you are an ENFP  Why? Here are the functions: 1. Ne: You are very creative and have a very active mind, you see the potential for change in everywhere you look. 2. Fi: You have a strong...
An INFJ maybe.  First I thought INFP or ISFJ but then I ended up with INFJ... Why?  An ISFJ often has a more colourful and nostalgic view of their past(Si) but you seem more focused on the...
You're clearly an INFP  Your paragraphs leaks so much Fi, your Fi is clearly your most dominant function, I think you are in a Fi-Si loop because you are avoiding things that have hurt you in the...
ESFP does seem like a good match to me.  Here are the functions: 1. Se: You always need to do things. You also are very aware of your surroundings and of people. 2. Fi: You prefer to do things...
I think you are an ESTP.  Why? Because from what I've read your dominant function is Se due to the fact you do what you like and you say whatever you feel like it (not to mention your materialistic..."


3986: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=af11qFylUww
Toyama Koichi announces his candidacy and victory of the US Presidential Election.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGZqOkeYbB0
I couldn't tell you for sure what type of personality Rommel was, but I don't see his behavior in North Africa as being out of line for an ENTJ...  I've played a fair amount of Risk in my time and...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOuumGX-6uc  This is a REAL politician named Toyama Koichi that ran for the Prefectual governer of Tokyo County. Every politician is given equal airtime in Japan to...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GOZjlwIwfk   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ybufq1T5io
Why are there two of this thread??   Anywho...   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hl4NlA97GeQ
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4DHif2GQrU   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jHe5OjAm_E
Lunch fhdjshfk
Before that I had a bagel.
Perogies with left over steak sliced into them and green beans
Trollin  http://image.gamebanana.com/ico/sprays/keep_on_trollin.jpg ...
Fox Mulder?
You INTJs are so predictable:tongue:   It will be interesting to see how people of the different types respond to this question. Once we have some data we should look at how they tend to answer. ...
The good guys always winning...  Is this really the right place for this thread?
Hmm...  I guess I'm unusual then, as I don't look DOWN on any of the types.  Why do you think people look down on enfps?
Steak, salad, and sweet potatoes
1. I'm good 2. The type of stuff guys usually think about:cool: 3. I feel a little tired cause it's been a long day
Do you like your personality type? Are you proud of it?  I take pride in the fact that I (supposedly) share charcteristics with Bill Gates ANd Napoleon.   Do you like your type? Would you change...
I think there are qualities associated with the type that are worth being proud of. We are (supposed to be) smart, we make good leaders, and there have been a number notable people in history that...
Well apparently I'm the shit! I'm like ten posts in and I'm already thanked 4 times in a single 1.   I almost feel like you guys are patronizing me because of the typos. It's a good thing I can...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSDzWm64NGk
Now I'm enjoying my baller, top poster of the day/10 posts in the early morning status!
Say what now?
I mean I'm pretty sure all the stuff you said about you applies to me before. I say pretty sure because I can't see my ass when it's in low rise jeans but I'm pretty sure it's spectacular.  If I...
Ugh:sad:  :angry:
Greetings and felicitations children of technology!!  People are strange when you're a stranger Faces look ugly when you're alone Women seem wicked when you're unwanted Streets are uneven when...
You are what you eat.  I guess that makes me at least part pizza atm...
ARRRGHHH  Now I'm SUUUPER frustrated because I can't make my thread! It was a really important thread too!!  I thought we were friends Happy. I tried to tell you, but I couldn't write on your...
Pizza  A more important question at this point is; What should I eat next?
Right now I am trying to get to 15 posts on this forum.  Starting out is always the tough part...
The LORD said, If as one people speaking the same language they have begun to do this, then nothing they plan to do will be impossible for them.  Genesis 11-6   I'm not really a religious...'"


4035: 'Hmm... an interesting thought. But then what about the masses of ignorance who have loads of money for that very reason, and that reason alone?
Beneficious is not a word, noun or otherwise. Convention is improperly used as a noun.  Benefits was both correctly used and a noun. What WAS the point of your post?    I can understand sticking...
I think the key here is respect. It may also come down to how you are a jerk. Being assertive and telling people what you think of them can be a good thing, and does not nessicarily make you a...
Welcome!  Indeed. I know the feeling of trying to find someone who challenges you, and meets your ideals. I think that is a problem for all ENTJs. People who lack the breath of life and show no...
I disagree with all of it. This is all only my opinion...  First, i don't believe that an object itself can be evil; it requires outside influence from a being capable of deciding between good and...
So after much beating my head on the keyboard, and debating just how much detail to go into here, I will keep this brief for now...  I see this kind of thing constantly. It is partly the reason why...
I think that it is wonderful that you have found something that you enjoy so much and feel so strongly about. If photography excites you so much, then I cannot think of any good reason for you to not...
A wonderful introduction. I am glad to hear that you enjoyed learning about yourself, and are satisfied with the results of your test. I felt similarly when I first took the MBTI. Although there were...
Hmm... looks like I get first choice    :mellow:
Well, the only way you will ever know anything about anyone is if you take the time to get to know them... or you develope psychic powers... in the latter case, can I have some winning lottery...
Treating her like an a$$ will just make her want you more....   No... that was a joke.... I think....maybe....  I'll get back to you on this when it isn't 5am.
Hmm... that was indeed good. I would give more input, but I do not have much to go on here.  I think that if you look hard enough you will find someone who is right for you. It just takes time......
Personally, I believe the purpose of life is to live. Live each day as if it might be your last, in the way that you would want to be remembered.   I think being alive is its own reason for living...
Semantics aside, I would say whether it is right to do depends on your intentions for the manipulation, and the specific situation. Obviously there is some merit to saying that other people are...
We could always just throw a bunch of them together and make smoothies :cool:
That does tell me a little bit more, yes.  I too have had experience with people saying that they would rather have you tell them like it is, only to have them baulk when you don't say what they...
I find awareness in other people to be a wonderful thing. It is always more fun when someone else notices the things I do, or even notices things that i miss. It can make for some very interesting...
and what I said was Perseus said it was like animal sensing....  I am sorry if you feel that I misquoted you. I was referring to the same thing when I quoted you, as when you originally said the...
I think I understand a bit better now, thanks. :happy:  As for your question, I think all people associate things like that, though I can't think of anything that has made me sick. Homesick, yes,...
This is why I am confused by the whole sensor/intuition thing... and probably why I ended up with my own definition of intuition. To me... intuition is part of your senses.   Perseus said it was...
Agreed. I find this interesting and would like to know your reasoning.
Hello and welcome. I wouldn't mind visiting Paris someday.
Hmm... I don't quite understand where you are coming from with that.  I do not think that there is anything wrong with reminiscing about the past, whether it be bad or good memories. That is part...
Intuition is the process of being entirely in the present moment, and in tune with both yourself and your surroundings. It means using your senses to their fullest potential, and not being bogged...
Eagles may soar, but ferrets don't get sucked into jet engines  I know... completely random, but I couldn't resist.
mm... I love the rain :cool:  Anyway, Hello and welcome to the forum.
Speaking of ridiculous action movies and Jason Statham, has anyone else seen the trailer for Crank 2? I enjoyed the original... but seriously? There's this little thing called terminal velocity......
Damn people and their auras... always displacing me from the matters at hand. But I do love a good storyteller.
Distant  Dandy Demonic Dalmation
Hello and welcome. I hope you enjoy your time here.
Demense Dissolution Derring-do Disquisition
Hello and welcome. Out of curiosity, what seems nice about this forum?
Hello Merov, and welcome to the forum. Best of luck to you in finding what it is that you search for.
Walden pond comes to mind. I truely do enjoy my solitude, and it bothers me if I have nowhere to go to be alone when I am tired of dealing with the world. I don't like long periods of isolation; I...
Quite possible, as I had not thought of that. My mind was going down a completely different track.
Forgiveness is a great aspiration, and there is nothing weak about it. To forgive someone does not mean that they have not offended you, and it does not mean that you will forget about what they...
I despise math with a firey, heartfelt passion. I can handle using math in other things... like chemistry and practical applications; but math class is like a nightmare for me, and I'm still not done...
Sorry, I couldn't resist...  Those pants look great, but you know what would look better on you? ....Me! :wink:
I have no idea who he is... a humanitarian, by the looks of it?  I'm leaning toward E, rather than I. Just looking at the picture I would have to say ENFJ. Maybe I will go do some reading and get...
Hello and welcome :happy:
Personality-wise I am no different online than offline. I do tend to write more eloquently than how I usually speak, but I attribute it to the people I am around. The only thing I dislike about being...
Generally this is true, male bettas will only kill other male bettas... but not always. There is one specific type, of which I do not remember the name, that kills anything you put it in with, but...
Hello and welcome Helmetel
Now I am torn... all three sound good! Thanks for the offer though.  It is the japanese kanji for Kishi, which means Knight.
Welcome.  I think I would agree with you about personailities. I think that people can learn and unlearn certain habits, but their base personality stays fairly constant throughout their lives.
That is very sweet, and I think that with a little assistance you would make a wonderful, loving parent. I can understand your desire to protect someone like you have described, and that is why I...
I choose neutrality, but there is just something fundamentally satisfying about thwarting darkness... it is hard to explain, but sometimes ethics get in the way of doing what needs to be done. Then...
Do you mean like looking through their eyes, and seeing/interpreting the world the way that they do? I think that would be really cool...  but then again, I think I would still prefer to sit down...
Well hello there! :wink:  I have been reading this forum for about a month, and finally decided to sign up. Rather than just tell you everything, if you want to know more about me, feel free to...'"


4077: 'I like efficiency. So long as it does not go against my personal moral code, I will go out of my way to improve things.  I would rather my environment be a product of me than to be a product of my...
I think you've been friend zoned.
YouTube - Conjunction Junction
The Mayo on White Bread  +Attent/Self/+Attach/-Emo/+<3/Broad/Secure  You scored 68% Attention-desiring, 35% Other-directedness, 57% Attachment-desiring, 28% Emotionality, 54% Romance-seeking, 91%...
Messiness is inefficient.  So is religious cleanliness.   That being said, I am one of the cleanest/most organized people I know. I am hard to live with because I dislike filth. I'm always the...
Maybe because we appreciate the social implications and possible future repercussions. :mellow:
I am here to justify our differences, which was not my intention.  I'm the opposite. As much as I might care about what someone is saying, I am a fidgety listener. I find myself looking around,...
Whatever makes you happy, man. Godspeed. :cool:  (Translation: It doesn't alter my opinion or sentiments either way, since you said you aren't leaving. So I still get to enjoy your exceptional...
You have to be an athlete to do it. You have to be an artist to do it well.  I break that down like this: You have to appreciate the scientific aspect to be competent. You have to be innovative to...
I use analogies all of the time. Strangers, coworkers, friends, family.  It's the most logical way for me to communicate. If I see a lateral relationship between two ideas, it is only fit for me to...
You hit the nail on the head again.  Chances are, you won't get into my inner circle. But if you do, you will find a near limitless pool of patience, forgiveness, and understanding.   That...
Yes yes, I know it is a James Bond song. However, I like the lyrics. (I know, I read Playboy for the articles, but seriously.)  When the storm arrives, would you be seen with me, by the merciless...
Innovator/Experiencer
You answered your own doubts. You rather get to know yourself than others. I'm going with Introvert.
No, now is not cuddle time.  Welcome aboard though!
Seeing as I have not listed my peeves, I doubt you could claim that you find them amusing. I regard the flaunting of being a girl in a thread more like watching a kid picking his nose and eating it.
You know what I mean! :crying: Remember, it's the general idea, not the delivery. Yeah... :unsure:
What makes you think not?  You come onto the ENTJ board and several of us suggest she displays characteristics more in line with another type, why are you so quick to discount this?
I'd say I'm just intuitive. I can get a general feel for things, read between the lines, and figure out what the point of a course or lecture is. I suppose you could call that more street smart.  ...
Obsessing over a colour? Making something out of nothing? Sounds more like an ESTJ issue. A stressed one mind you. Perhaps that'll be the first move in solving the conflict. :happy:
Not to hate on your thread but...  I hate when people have to point out their gender. So you're an ENTJ female - So what. So you're an INFP male - Deal with it.  To be honest, your peeves sound a...
I know whether I'm going to like someone romantically iin the first 20 minutes of knowing them.  Go for it.
Care to elaborate?
Um, speak for yourself. I rather have his informed opinion over your incomprehensible rantings any day.   Back on topic: how do the rest of you feel about the correlation between the disintegration...
This is crossing the line. There were plenty of ENTJ posters who said they believe in religion who I think are fairly intelligent. Please, keep your brilliance to yourself - the last thing we need is...
A fellow Te! Welcome aboard! :laughing:
Maybe you should have made that a bit more clear. Don't tell someone they're taking something personally if you didn't make your intent clear. Own up.
I don't know, I have met some booksmart NTs with NO common sense.  Short answer? No.  Long answer? Hell no.
Pfft.   I doubt a few of them were even actually ENTJs.   Putting your MBTI results on your resume doesnt seem like a well thought out idea.
Have you considered either of the S logical types?
To me these questions seem more like Te and Si in reality, than say Te and Ni.  I personally ask, what COULD we be, or what MIGHT I like. I think that the examples in the OP would be more commonly...
I'm not going to argue you on brain dominance, its practical applications, or its metrics. Honestly, it's not an aspect of psychology that I am particularly drawn to or well versed in. :sad:  I do...
Hm, I usually don't play, but if it's only eyes...:unsure:
Sure it does!  Think of it like this. Introverts are Frylock, Extroverts are Shake. Now, who is making an impact on the world with their arrogance? :wink:  This post was meant to offend everyone....
Pffft. Bring it on. :wink:  I think it would either be very awesome for you guys, or disastrous. I don't think it could be a mediocre experience, either way.
I've read both opinions on it, in my opinion the whole thing seems sort of silly to me. I think it is all just for fun...except MB, of course. :cool:
I live with an INFJ,  who definitely has a schedule. Getting to work in the morning is a very well planned and meticulous activity.   May I ask, what is your reasoning behind these schedules, which...
Using this spinning lady:  http://resources0.news.com.au/images/2007/10/09/va1237271192947/Spinning-lady-5693171.gif  Clockwise = Right Counterclockwise = Left  I initially see what they think...
Why would I mess with my friends? They're my FRIENDS. I like being a good friend, thanks.
In theory, the dynamic between us and our Te and Fe cousins should be stimulating. They can provide us structured opinions and interesting debate. However, they could also be as deadset about being...
I rather have conversations based on the truth. Even about opinions. Share what you TRULY believe with me. I want that, and I want to share that with people. There's too much to learn in this world...
Hah. Yeah okay.   I believe he was talking to the OP anyways.
I have read several of your posts. I am starting to think you have mistaken being an ENTJ with being an anime villain.
I thought that was a pretty concise post, actually. I had a point and I made it.
You can't say your piece and then say the end and make it so. It's just not...healthy :unsure:
Jack London the ENTP? And here I was getting all stoked for an ENTJ :wink:   Coffee is what I'm going to need in about 7 hours.
I disagree. I think knowledge is an intelligence thing, which cannot be measured by MBTI. How you handle/process/the depths to which you pursue that knowledge is where MBTI can be applied.
Te is Te is Te.   The ESTJs I know are easily considered the most arrogant, and some of the most knowledgeable, people around.
I'd be arrogant too if I had an avatar as cute as yours.   Oh wai...:wink:
I contemplated this myself.'"


4114: 'I can freely smoke weed with my favorite INTP and think up of crazy insane shit and just have fun. With him I have the most fun and crazy conversations when we smoke.
Raiza1990 Yeah, I'm just going to come out and say that you read like a manual, the way you phrased that reply that is (no offence), which leads me to think you're just going from memory (or copying...
Then you're the third Ti user whom I 'encountered' who has either worked in sales or was advised to do so. As for the 'amoral' part, I can't count the times Ti users told me 'fuck morals'. Not...
Well, hell if I know, I think most of them are anyway.  Sounds like a classic absence of F anyway, being able to wrap anyone around your finger is usually a sign of not giving a damn (Tx). Typing...
I'll take that as payment, thank you~ [J/k, you're married! :p[WHY ARE ALL (most of) THE GEN. X INTP'S MARRIED! T_T]] (If I didn't know any better, that would have been an Se line, possibly in the...
As have we all. Could you tell me why you'd want to be an INTP?   No, they're not exclusive to Fi users, the way you expressed though, as you have in other posts, talks from a subjective point of...
Hey, yeah, excuse me, I know it's not really on topic, but I see you have, like, 14 posts to your name, and i was wondering if you're really an INTP? I looked through your previous posts, so I'm...
No. And I can't, because there's nothing concrete to go on. :/ I've read a few of your posts, trying to find as much as I wanted that resembled a 'type me' question. So far I think you're an...
You know what. I had two full page written out (no joke), but I don't think a public anonymous forum is the place to discuss male vs. female privilege, which was pretty much where it was headed to. ...
I'd like to think morals only exist as a form of 'self preservation', in this case, I think the animals actually do. Most animals don't kill for fun or sport (though felines are a type of animal...
Lady, other than the name tag, that's all you had to say to get my attention~ :wink: https://media.giphy.com/media/xT0Gqf71Oqz4ydP1ew/giphy.gif (It is only a coincidence that I share a first name...
I am so.. SO sorry for this;  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjPWL-23w-w Excuse me while I'm away for a minute, trying to vomit my eyes out.
Well, about that, it's best if an INTP answers this (since I'm not one), but what I am able to tell you is that when you mature, so will your psychological functions. In the case of INTP's I imagine...
Thanks, I feel so warm and appreciated now!... :tongue:
Alright, I'm going to ask something very, very hard from you guys. I need a hug. :(
When someone tries to 'sell' a bullshit story (to an INTP):  http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/728/702/7c9.jpg
The last month I have played;  X3 - Terran Conflict Thinking of moving on to Albion Prelude, though.  Also a bit of For Honor  My favorite class is worth nothing since the latest patches, so I...
Dude, you're gen Z? From what I gather, your tertiary function is something you start to develop around your 16th-22nd, at which time it will still feel rather uneasy, depending on how well your...
Is it just me, or is the world really split into two zones when it comes to the sexes? Men rule the economy, and women rule the social settings.  I mean, I haven't seen a household where a woman...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WD6NwMqAk7A&index=85&list=PLvK6sHNKy9iqOpkA1pnmeZq2jbXoIQUNC&shuffle=21526 https://media.tenor.co/images/70118aa6bb3a1a8f7b5519b321145eb3/tenor.gif
*Doublepost* :(
I'm not sure, actually, but seeing your hair is longer anyway, I probably dropped the soap on this one. :tongue: Also; Carry on! We need more ESFPness (And Vness) in this world!...
http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/hhn.gif
We've almost got the same haircut... Yours is just a tad longer. :0 Stop being cool, I was being cool first!
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/59/41/de/5941deba0e4528e188e55d777711022a.jpg
You'll be fine, I think we've all been there before (in some way or another I think) and it makes us feel conflicted. And we bloody hate anything perceived as genuine conflict, now don't we. ...
https://68.media.tumblr.com/f270e4494aa01cd26b52c699e77fdd98/tumblr_ml6ef4HvIp1rs9keio1_400.gif  Fine, I'm taking the bait. Does this mean I'm not an ESFP anymore? Can I finally reach INTP-hood? ...
That's exactly what I didn't want to hear. :( Oh well, the choice is easy then, can't live in a world without cheese, now can we?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FKv5QLa8q8
Just wanted to plop this here, this reminded me of you guys;  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1xrNaTO1bI
Plop it down in the ESFP music for us if you will, please, so it won't get lost into the creaks of PerC. :D  Here's a little thank you;  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7B5jXYRy3Q
Does that make me more INTP than my INTP bestie who has a severe aversion to anything 'fermented milk-like'?  An ESFP can dream, right?~
Alright, I'll have a go; Gustavo Fring - Breaking bad: This guy is risk elimination personified. Extremely cautious, and doesn't work with imperfect additives (like junkies), which I think is a...
I'll try not to get my feelings hurt too much over the biased title~  Anyhoo, you talk about 'feeling threatened' in your post, let me ask you (and other females) this; Do you like to feel...
It's both your Ne and your Si- they're clashing.  But yeah, the stress you're going through is not (entirely) related to intuition. You've got trouble focusing on the here and now (S), which is...
For a lot of INTP's, sex is like math; Add a surface, Subtract the clothes, Divide the legs, And hope you don't multiply.
Just have a nice cold beer and wait for all that to blow over~ https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CwyumPzWgAMFrui.jpg
The word is legs. Spread the word.
I knew I was being too generous!
Whenever it's time to go to sleep, and I want to enjoy the INTP forum, like now, this somehow manages to get randomly selected to play: ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCirbzkUYJU  You guys are crazy. I love it.
*INTP walks in*  HR: YOU'RE HIRED! INTP: Huh, wuh, what? HR: NOW GO FLIP THIS SHIT INTO A FORTUNE 500 COMPANY! STAT! COMPLETE CREATIVE FREEDOM! INTP: ...
If this thread is now suddenly about threesomes then I'm prepared to get much(!) further invested! I could settle with the philosophical nature of threesomes too, though.  Carry on~...
I don't know who Phil is, but if I can sell his Osophy for some, then I'm game.
TheUdon Dude, don't listen to all these chumps, what you need to do is fuck her, right in the pussy. That's all there is to it.  No, seriously, with a type that's renowned for not wanting to be...
Thanks, but I don't -really- want to fix her, I think I phrased it wrong, sorry- I want to help her, even though I'm possibly not the one who should. I'm taking much care not to lose myself in this,...
That's alright, the type wasn't as important, but seeing as you're the relationship guru's around here I figured you might be able to help me out anyway. I've actually asked those kind of questions...
Hey there, I've got this fried whom I think is an INFJ. She's very intuitive, she's able to look at the core of things and dissect them rather quickly and accurately. She's also more concerned with...
Hey, I'm not an ENFP, and this may sound easy coming from an ESFP, but the friendzone is not a place you want to be in, it's going to eat away at you and when she eventually finds a partner, it's...
Sounds like a 'deaf guy leading the blind guy' situation waiting to happen. Interesting thought, though, I'm not sure if I'm actually starting to hear better. Might have to take better care of my...'"


4154: 'You sure youre esfp brah?
ExTJ: Till I Collapse    lol
Urm, it's the other way around. Have you ever met an ESTJ that blended into a crowd of people? Not a chance, them along with most other SJs are born leaders/organizers.  Where did you get the idea...
Sounds like a jackass but I don't trust your portrayal of him to be accurate.  More like ESTJ, not ESTP.
Dude. Um, you're being kind of a dick. This is an extremely aggressive response to a pretty mellow statement about you.  Why so sensitive? And why is your entire self-worth invested in something as...
oh dang well not at my school  If I got a 3.0 my parents would be psyched and I would probably get a few high fives  You should probably put less of your self-worthi nto your grades.
explain please  3.0 is considered good
IxFP  Type most likely to join the illuminati?
True, but the original poster was doing the same thing (lumping all types together) by saying that all INFJs struggle in these areas. I agree that each member of a type is unique.  We're all...
Can you hear, can you hear the thunder?
Nope. Nope nope nope. You say that INFJs struggle with discipline, consistency, timeliness, and the like, but these aren't INFJ problems. They're your problems. Most INFJs I've met excel in these...
Infj???
Why don't you tell her how you feel? As an ISFJ she'll respond to that and most likely stop it.  Good luck homes.
Sssshhhh.
Seen it. She's a total ISTP.  The little kid? ENFP. The evil queen? ENTJ. (no duh) Rumpelstiltskin/Mr. Gold? INTJ. Prince Charming? ISFJ.  Cool thread.
Seen it. She's a total ISTP.  The little kid? ENFP. The evil queen? ENTJ. (no duh) Rumpelstiltskin/Mr. Gold? INTJ. Prince Charming? ISFJ.  Cool thread.
*looks at thread title*  *facepalm*  *reads post*  *2x facepalm combo*
ESFJ  Type most likely to text you with their phone asking where there phone is.
ENFP  Type most likely to sell you a crappy car at a bad price but make you feel like a financial genius for doing it.
Stop getting high off your own drama people and let's get back to the task at hand.  Type most likely to lose it and go on a mad killing spree.
This is some good stuff and I think you got the main factions right, but some of the 'overlap' factions were just way off.  For instance, INTJ/amity and INTP/candor. They should most likely be...
No.  /thread
Um, this is sort of dumb. A metaphor for what? What kind of metaphor? DON'T KEEP US IN SUSPENSE, MAN
Actually a really awesome show. I've only seen the first episode so I am unsure of the types but I know that in the comics, Murdock was usually portrayed as INTJ.
niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice.  btw would totally
There's a thread like this? Cool!  What's up, my n- I mean, uh... My fellow ENTJs.
Hard outer shell, soft gooey center
Stop being hypothetical and just tell us straight whether someone told you they admire your skills or if you were the one who said it to someone else.  This question gets 2/10 would not read again
Pam Answer: They don't.  Type should never be used as an excuse for not being able to connect with people. I'm not here to judge, I don't even know you, buuuuuut it's possible that you're just...
Sounds nice. I'd like to see a real one someday.
Same argument can be made for any type, you jerk. Take ISTP (opposite of ENFJ)  Introverts are more levelheaded than extraverts. Sensors are more grounded than intuitives. Thinkers get less caught...
OH  MY  GOSH  This is the last thing on the planet you should be worried about. Seriously. She's not going to freaking care about your mbti type, and it's certainly not going to affect your...
All right, but before we get started, there's something you should know.
I CALL TYPISM ON THIS THREAD  But if you must know, it's clear that, well, ENTJs exhibit the most positive traits. If you know what I mean.
Is this a frigging joke? Who in their right mind would say no to 10,000 FREAKING DOLLARS in exchange for a few minutes of discomfort.  And don't give me some crap about dignity. It takes a real...
Most INFJs I've met are happy, upbeat, cheerful people.  Congratulations, you've averted a sterotype.
In my experience, people have enough of their own problems to deal with and don't want to even hear about any perceived problems (such as contemplating suicide) even if they're not such a big deal. ...
You bet your sweet bippy I'm totally awesome! Same to you though  I see Grandmaster Yoda's posts everywhere and they're always really insightful slash awesome. Maybe if we say his name enough...
I don't know, you stupid wimp.  Why don't you write some free verse poetry about it and see if that helps? Then you can curl up with your pet cat and 'contemplate life' while everyone else is out...
Yeah, he was like an INxP or something... So awkward I almost cringed.  As for his dad, he's a classic ESTJ authority figure who can't understand his son's feelings but loves him nonetheless.
1. The greatest 2. The greatest 3. Every day when I look in the mirror 4. He thinks I'm great  You're welcome, buddy.
TLDR; She is having trouble communicating with her INTP friend.  My advice is to just stop worrying so much and relax. He most likely doesn't even understand that this stuff is happening.
In the case of most people, yes.  For you INTJs, no.
I'M BRING THIS THREAD BACK FROM THE DEAD BECAUSE IT'S AWESOME AND I DON'T WANT TO MAKE A NEW ONE  Strong Bad could be any rational type, really. The most likely is ENTP, but I can also see ENTJ...
This forum has a weird, perverse obsession with how 'cute' intjs and enfps are together. So if you're asking us as a collective, the answer is a resounding yes.  Personally, I think personal...
We have this weird societal notion where women are supposed to be meek and shy and yet also have a huge social circle and tons of friends.  xNTPs are not good at either of those things. So I'm not...
This.  Or maybe it's ESFP. They are soooooo sarcastic.
I always fly on some of that sweet, sweet medication. It's for 'air sickness' but I'm really just taking it for the drowsiness side effect. I sleep like a baby the whole way there, it's like I'm...
You sure you're intj brah?
Ha! Good luck bro  (mumble mumble no emotions mumble mumble)'"


4188: 'I live in Florida now, but I used to live in Indiana and still keep in touch with four of my best friends (split between two colleges) from high school through Google Hangouts on a consistent basis....
I was getting an ESTJ vibe.    Primary Te?
Are you sure she's not a sensor?
You have an anime avatar, so you MUST be an INxP.
I don't think Hermione is an INTP, no.  I think Hermione is an ExTJ.
Driven, intelligent, opinionated, dignified, and nerdy.
I'm a Slytherin, but Ravenclaw is a close second.
My male INTP friend had long hair from seventh grade to I believe Sophomore year.  He looked like Michael Jackson in this picture.  339562
I'm going to say ISTJ  As for my characters: Hermione Granger - Harry Potter 337306 Rachel Berry - Glee 337314 CC Babcock - The Nanny 337322 Shego - Kim Possible
The only one that comes to mind is Cheyenne.
I've always thought that ENTJs were the most introverted of the extraverts.  A lot of ENTJs are so introverted that they mistype as INTJs.
Sounds like something to take to upper management.  If your coworkers feel the same as you do about the situation (and given his behavior, I'm sure they do), then it should be easy enough to ask that...
Had a lady add seafood to her cold cut combo a few days ago.  My coworker and I were horrified.
I've had a lot of people tell me that I remind them of Hermione Granger from Harry Potter and Rachel Berry from Glee.  I would say they are both accurate comparisons; although, I am not nearly as...
I work with one currently.  She's great at what she does, but I'm glad she is not my boss.
Micromanagement.  It is a leader's job to choose people that he/she believes to be competent enough to do the tasks at hand.  It is also a leader's job to give clear instruction so these tasks can...
ENTJ.  I'd give myself a 4.5/10 on popularity.  I was never particularly preoccupied with how popular I was.  A lot of people refused to talk to me because I just seemed like the typical snobby, AP...
5'9 and about 160 lb.  The curvy life ain't an easy one.
ESxJ  Type most likely to be a health nut
Sounds like an INFJ thing.    Type most likely to cry over the death of a fictional character.
ENFP.  I happen to know of a few who have done just that.    Type most likely to get kicked out of a bar for rowdy behavior.
Functions, functions, functions.    ENTJs use Te, Ni, Se, and Fi while ENTPS use Ne, Ti, Fe, and Si.    Check out this thread on Te vs Ti and this thread on Ni vs Ne.  I falsely identified as...
I've been a Sandwich Artist at Subway for a little over a year, and I've made some strange subs.    One customer has to have an entire bottle of mayonnaise on her sandwich before she is satisfied...
The church Jesus built long ago is much different from the one that is present today.
Yes, but independently.  I do not stand with the church.
There really isn't anything that you can do about it.  ENTJs are usually very upfront about their intentions.  If he says he's not interested, he's not interested.
Check out this site.
I don't know if this necessarily made my life 'hard,' per se, but apparently I didn't make a lot of friends in high school because I was intimidating and looked stuck up.  One of my coworkers told me...
Customer service is the worst job for any personality type.  Let's be honest.    The accuracy almost pains me.
I'm not in a corporate setting, but as far as working with Fe doms goes, I do find it challenging.    I believe one of my managers at the Subway I work at is a Fe dom (ESFJ?).  My manager places a...
Sounds like the type of situation where you have to accept that some people just have poor taste and move on.
My closest friends are INTJ and INFJ.
I know my INFJ friend was a lot more extraverted than I was in elementary school.  I never would have imagined that she would be as quiet as she is now.
As did I.  I first discovered MBTI my Senior year of high school in college-level Psychology class.  The test I took for that class tested purely by dichotomy, and I tested 49% J 51% P.  It wasn't...
INTJs?  Not from my personal experience.  Now, ESFJs and INFJs are an entirely different story.
Thanks.  (I could see Maleficent as either an INTJ or an ENTJ.)
I definitely think typing as an INTJ is trendy.  I remember this one girl in my high school would wear this shirt around school that said 'INTJ - Mastermind' on it.  Try 'ISTP - With A Superiority...
I currently work at Subway.    The first face = an entire bottle of mayonnaise on a six inch sub.  No hyperbole.
INFJ  Type most likely to get pulled over for speeding
How into MBTI are they?  Perhaps they are relying on stereotypes or do not have a proper understanding of MBTI, otherwise.
My friends and I had a photo war on twitter.  We found derpy pictures of each other and gave them inappropriate captions.  I was cackling the whole time.  Here are some favorites that they did of me....
Try being a liberal that attends a conservative university and works in customer service in a small, bible belt town.  I bite my tongue until it bleeds.  Daily.
I hate how people take quotes from Disney movies and put them out of context to make them sound inspirational.  Hakuna Matata!  Yeah, say no worries all you want to, but the movie didn't resolve...
Tell me about it.  Try working at Subway and having customers tell you that the sandwiches and prices they have randomly conjured up in their brains are on our menu.  No, sir, I don't know how to...
Okay, this made me chuckle.  I didn't pass my driver's test until the third time around, and while I didn't almost crash into an unexpected bike, I did almost crash into an unexpected car, but it was...
Thalassa - Seems INFP
Rowling has described Luna as the anti-Hermione, and Hermione is definitely a Thinker.  I stay with INFP.
Yes, I am definitely an obsessor.  I read Harry Potter in late elementary school and I am a dedicated member of the fandom.  I've also been obsessed with Disney for the same amount of time and am...
Yes, all the time.  I love metaphors.
I personally don't think so.  If I were to eat healthy and work out, I think I'd have the potential to be what most would consider 'hot.'    I have three Subway cookies waiting for me tomorrow, and...'"


4254: 'Laying in the bed forever makes me feel like a complete loser. So I turn autopilot mode instead and get things done while having to deal with frustrating mistakes.
I'm not okay and I don't know why.
I'm stupid. My self doubt and insecurity are secretly killing me. There, I said it.
Like what everyone has already implied, MBTI is about your thought processes. Environmental influences however will give a different flavor in how you will manifest your cognitive processes and will...
It's actually pretty common for ENTJs to 'avoid people' since their dominant function isn't really about relating to people in a traditional sense. The way they express their extroverted tendencies...
I don't think what you wrote here really helps in narrowing down your type. You really can't talk about yourself in a broad manner and expect people to help you find your type. You have to be asked...
You know what, I too lack the social skills and desire for external power. I grew up in a circumstance that developed my social anxiety. However I am working on building my confidence and extroverted...
:)
It's interesting how many people can't accept that ExTJs can still be nice, kind, and gentle at times... (imo, any types can be. I don't see why they can't) Some of the sweetest, most loving, and...
Your scores are: Care 91.7% Fairness 97.2% Loyalty 47.2% Authority 61.1% Purity 69.4% Liberty 66.7%  Your strongest moral foundation is Fairness. Your morality is closest to that of a...
Got INTJ...
Type: 8 Tritype: 837/873  Interesting. I took it again and got Type: 7 Tritype: 738/783 which is what I identify with.
It's been a while, PerC...
I'm planning to take Business management or administration.
I'm planning to take the business path, however, Math hasn't been good to me. I just can't worry about the formulas in finding the area or perimeter of a triangle or a rectangle. Factoring and all...
How silly I was..lol  I'm literally feeling less intelligent now actually...
Happy af
Alright, another day, another chance to change.
...
Worn out.
Hmm... Compassion and kindness are needed. However, kindness should not be given to the point of spoiling someone. The type of kindness should be the one that will help people with self-growth and...
Welcome, Kogamori!   Just wondering, how long did it take you to find out what your type was for sure? Was it easy or did you have to read a lot and introspect a lot before you could conclude that...
Hey welcome! It's good to have you in this information and knowledge sharing community.
Hello and Welcome.  I hope you enjoy your stay here.  As far as your type is concerned, a lot of people get confused between INTJ and INFJ and justify their types by saying oh I'm an INTJ...
Gender: female Age: 22-32 Intelligence: superior Openness: early-adopter MBTI personality profile: ISTP Closest alternative we found: ISFP  lol no Starting from my age it already messed up :P
It's not that I want to have the emotional connection, I just want acknowledgement... Especially from that person...  I don't know, I'm confused. I don't really know exactly what it is that I want...
I just realized that ignoring doesn't really mean solving.  I ignored a big hole in my heart. I tried forgetting about it because I didn't know what puzzle piece fit right into it and where to find...
It's okay. I know what you mean and it's reasonable to be fine with people being wrong with something they obviously know nothing about :happy:
I would rather say Code Geass avatar rather than anime because I'm not really a fan of anime in general and I don't find them interesting unless there's something I specifically find interesting.
Drunk Parrot  I'm tired of forever questioning. I'll just settle for a while and see what happens. Enneagram kinda messed up it up  for me.
Well, I've been typless for a good amount of time before. I asked helped in typing myself because my self awareness is trash. I have feelings and care about what I sense in the world. I think and...
Being a teenager is weird.... Really weird...
I feel like I have lost a lot of things that mattered a lot to me, because I didn't give efforts into keeping them.
I may not be an ENTJ but I have almost similar values as most of the ones in here  Integrity/sincerity, trust and loyalty.
Okay so I'm actually really frustrated with myself. I feel so worthless and stupid...
I think I'm annoyed.
Overloaded by thoughts and the world.
I'm actually both. I try to think of other possibilities and do the deduction method to come to the best one. I am not that fast with brainstorming, but if there's a basis idea, I can just refine to...
Kitty23 Ok then. I'll trust your post above this time. I think I'll go with ENTP... Although still not sure about Ne, Ni, and Se
So I guess I should figure out first if I prefer Te or Ti and this is kinda tricky because I seem to switch between them. I'll also talk about some P/J points.  Like Te, I like organizing things...
I've read the first link and I see myself acting on inferior Se, Si, Fi and Fe...  Although not as much with Si. The only thing that I agree with it is how I always feel like the same bad things...
Requesting prayers for peace of mind and clarity.  Lately I've been dealing with a lot of mental/abstract stuff including what I believe in and who I really am. I am not a strong believer but for...
Full of frustration.
Just a bump. Also hoping for Jinsei to see this...
I'm just really bad when it comes to the typical socialization. Every time I engage into a conversation, I start talking about things that other people aren't interested in. Then they start talking...
Kitty23 thanks for sharing your analysis.  Most of the things you said here were somehow surprising. Some of them I never thought of (especially the Fe in scenario one, I've never thought of that....
Would you mind telling me how you got to that conclusion?  I am somehow confused why I seem like an introvert to many people.  It's not that I know I'm not an introvert, but there are a lot of...
Most likely to look obviously/outwardly jealous: ExFJ  of course, that's only by stereotype
As of now, I think I have finally settled in a good state of mind unlike before, when a lot of things happened. I wanna try this one more time and see if things will work out this time. After the...
...let's just say I accidentally exposed a very personal secret of mine to some of my classmates. Really stupid.'"


4271: 'Sorry, what was the point of your comment?   Yeah. When you have a similar auxiliary, those two can be confused. FO.
Hey guys,  ......Anyone dated another ENTJ? I just realized the guy I've been interested in for a year is an ENTJ. We're not together yet but things are progressing that way. I'm just curious. We...
I hear a lot about how it's hard to get an ENFJ into a relationship. Can someone explain this to me? Is it because you have high standards and don't click with people easily? Or you want everything?...
Hi Maisie7,  I've dealt with this with the ENFJ I'm interested in. He seems to just be really nervous about screwing things up. I've just taken things slow, shown that I'm interested, and let him...
Thanks again.   He somehow didn't get my text. He responded immediately the next day when I texted again. He seems a little busy and I am too so right now it's not a big deal. We're keeping in...
Is it? I don't understand. Does it take a while for y'all to commit? I mean, once I know I'm all in. I've known for about 11 months. I called him on Wednesday and told him I was moving for sure and...
Thanks, HGy.   I've known him for a year. We've been talking often. He just seemed to rush into talks about me moving there and asking me questions on how I see marriage and whatever.   We're not...
So, I'm currently seeing an ENFJ. He's been overseas for half of the year and is due back soon. I'm curious, what is necessary for an ENFJ to commit? We haven't seen each other in a little over 6...
I think a lot of times we sit here on this forum and think we know how people think. I'm guilty of this too. We think we know someone's morals through some sort of description someone else gives and...
Absolutely. Thank you for that. I completely agree. Fortunately, I keep busy enough that I don't think of him always. Hopefully I'll talk to him when he gets home next week.
....seriously? He lives 1000 miles away from me. That's not the kind of person he is. I know that it's not. Wow. Now you're just projecting.   Thank you everyone. I'll deal with this.
I don't know. Taking me home to meet his family and asking me to move to another state after telling me he doesn't do long distance relationships seems pretty telling to me. Not to mention making...
Okay. I'm at this point thoroughly convinced he is very very interested in me. BUT, it's just not good timing which is why he constantly checks in on me and asks for updates and tells me his plans. ...
Oh for fuck's sake. Any ENFJ want to confirm this?  It sounds pretty spot on. In which case, I absolutely will freak out on him. I'm thisclose to just losing it. I feel like he's using me as a...
No i javent told him yet. But, can I be that direct? The last time I told him what I thought about him he responded surprised but then didn't contact me for a week.   It's like he forgets about me...
I'm having a problem with an ENFJ who I am interested in.   He pursued me and has shown interest in me for about 6 months now. Yet, I see him playing hot and cold. He perceives my straight forward...
Oy vey. What the hell does that mean? When am I moving?? What's with the winky?    I guess my question is this to all the ENFJs who have helped with this thus far: what's with the hot and cold? am...
So what reason would there be to ask for an update?  He asked when I was moving. Again. Then told me to let him know how it goes.   Also, he had phone problems and I offered to help him 1. figure...
Okay. So when you guys go let me know how it goes and want to keep up to date with someone, what does this REALLY mean??  Do you care a lot about that person that you'd want them to update you?
So at what point do you decide that is time to tell someone how you feel about them? Are you ever comfortable about it?
Are you guys not very in tune with your feelings? I thought this cognitive function was the dominate one.
I guess it's hard to explain over the internet.   He has been keeping up with me over 3 months asking me when I'm moving to another state (we're in different states). Over those 3 months we kept up...
:/   What do I do now?  Also, he just flew to another country on Thursday. He didn't text me all week and didn't tell me anything about leaving. I knew his plans to leave. I did not know he was...
Do you ever get intimidated out of pursuing a relationship?
Are you pretty indecisive about your feelings?
What happens if someone else expresses feelings to you about you? Is avoidance a normal reaction?
I'm wondering what a general reaction would be.
So I told this ENFJ that he was my favorite person. Then after he asked why 10 seconds later I said You listen well though I talk a lot. And give good advice. I think you're funny. A little dorky....
I know you guy probably have a very close small circle of friends but, if you're seeing someone or like someone a lot, do you talk about them at all? Like share thoughts or anything? Who do you...
He seems completely clueless about girls liking him. And he is pretty caring. I'm in a situation with this guy who keeps asking me to have an affair and he's pretty upset with it. Texting in caps...
ENTJs, i've noticed that i have this tendency to share a bunch of information with people about my day or situations that are going on in my life. I do this to make people feel connected to me or...
Sounds like he's interested in being friends and maybe starting something but then changes his mind. And that's what you may be picking up.
Yeah. So far it's like calling myself and talking for hours. I feel like I can already trust him and we don't really have any quiet pauses. We think the same things about people and can make each...
ENTJ and ENTJ relationship?  Is this a good idea? I'm hoping it doesn't get boring or predictable. Though, even then, people in general are different regardless of cognitive processing.   What do...
Actually, he called me last night and told me he's not quite sure what he's going to do once he returns. He said he's not thinking too much about it because he doesn't need to do anything for about 9...
I can tell the difference between an ENFP and ENFJ. He's absolutely without a doubt an ENFJ. Super obsessively clean, extremely organized, very perceptive of others feelings to the point that he'll...
He's worth it. I've never had so much peace about someone. I know we'll get married. I just wish he was better at communicating. And more logical. This is all about it feel like going and I'm like...
I think you need to re-read everything I've typed on the last couple of pages. Obsessed and needy is the last thing I want from him. He was like that at the beginning and it freaked me out a bit. All...
I don't feel like he's jerking me around. I feel like he doesn't know how to have his cake and eat it too. Unfortunately it's in both situations. What he's gagging is that I'm going to just hang...
The ENFJ I know did this a couple of weeks ago. He stopped talking to me. Granted he's in another state but I know ENFJs pretty well. I'm surrounded by them. I just knew he needed to work it out. So...
I get that. He's not the center of my world nor will he ever be. And vis versa. But, it's never good to have a relationship inside your head. No matter what. He'll leave for 7 months. I may or may...
Anyone else besides KC on here have an opinion? Thank you KC but it's nice to have a variety.  The ENFJ I'm interested in mentioned marriage, raising kids, future plans the first time we hung out....
Do you share important life events or your feelings with anyone? How open are you?
Thanks KC.  Any other opinions?
Any doors. I can't edit on my phone.
We had plans before we met. I've encouraged him to stick to them. If he wants to travel I think he should. I ended up quitting my job and he is going to quit his also. He lives in city A and I'm...
Our conversations are like this: what's going on? Oh I'm glad those are your plans. These are mine.   Our future plans match.   I'll see you when you move here. It'll be good to have you in town....
Yeah, I'm wondering how to identify between friendly and an enfj liking get you.   At what point would someone know that an enfj is interested more?
So I posted something on social media on Monday about how sometimes the timing has to be just right for things to happen and he texted me right away asking what was going on. I told him I'd tell him...
I know it's not too late. He just never told me what he wanted.   Is the liking my posts stuff just to let me know he's still around or interested??  I'm not exactly sure what to do next.'"


4296: 'I didn't mean me (first person) as Leslie. I in no way take anything here on perC any more serious than I would Wikipedia.
Ha, I got it. Good one.
Yes.    Slippery slope. No.  I was making what's called,  a 'joke'.  Play on the term 'dim sum' (dem some, them some).
Because dim sum uncultured fucktards working the cash register.
Tired of users coming into the ENTJ sub shop trying to get us to be anything other than ENTJs.  I don't go to McDonalds and say 'bitch, make me some dim sum'.
Dear ENFJ,  Your feelings, are not facts.  Your assertions need no place on my agenda. There is nothing 'wrong' with me, with what or how I feel, or with the way I do things.  It's not your...
Landed the Histology Lab Assistant position with the local hospital network.  Cigar free now over a month.  Let's celebrate. Drinks on me--- and brief me on the deliciousness of every...
Saw a mosquito in our kitchen window.  Me to INTP Flatmate-turned-minion: 'be careful... It's warm. The zika's are starting to hatch'  INTP: 'and by that you mean, 'mosquitos?'  'Shit... That's...
You want to punch your colleagues/ supervisor if they tell you ONE MORE TIME 'hey Leslie....pay more attention to detail'  Does it really matter if I use the ball point or the gel? The ink isn't...
With sticks, third world flog---  Oh. Ohh. Right.  *lowers club*  Right this way...
I think @drunk_parrot had one too many *laughing*
Don't mind me. I'm only doing your job FOR you -ENTJ  *annoyed*
http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20160409/7630fba66200606722b0dfc4722437df.jpg
Hmm.  1. Talk to myself. Thinking Out loud. A lot.  2. Intimately, I'm a Submissive.  3. When it comes to validation of intellectual competence in workplace environments--- I really do care...
Fuck an ESTP.  Excuse me.  Dear ESTP,  The ENTJ is taller, more ambitious, and less obnoxious.  Therefore I cancelled my date with you and went to his place for the night.   Sorry for your...
You're used goods; a free- milked cow. A contingency when he wants more than his hand.  Move on
Got caught doing unmentionable things only Jesus will ever know with only Mary Magdalene would know who with.  Got sent to the principal's.  Kindly reminded him my mom's on the board that...
'Least common' stereotype?  But if it's a stereotype isn't it a common assumption?  Where are you getting the list? Just ones you've heard or was one posted in the sub?  Pls elaborate.
Ha.  Wild & conniving, but with great grades & president of every club I was in (except Academic Competition team-- conflicted with my job as Hospital Lab Assistant at the time).
You are so into this chick, kid. Smitten's written all over your face. [emoji41]
Fe. Two things here- 1.) Your first sentence is a lie, because your second sentence told on you. 2.) why is it your place to control how she 'ought' to be? Based on who's standards?   Ew. More Fe....
Directed at the situation; to no one in particular. My brief commentary on it before moving on with my day/ night.  Welcome, re: Mallorca.
Oops!   Didn't mean to click 'report'. I meant to click 'quote'.  X- axis= time,  Y- axis= qualitative condition of the relationship.
Interesting.  I recently started dating men; was discussing the 'crossover' with a fellow ENTJ. My experience, in sum: (see...
1. Say 'wow' in a sarcastic undertone.  2. Palma de Mallorca, en Islas de Bal. Move into a spare room in the villa where my sister lived.  I loved the small- town atmosphere, and on Mallorca you're...
3.
Dear ESTP Guy Who Randomly Met Me Through A Comment On A Friends Status and Asked Me Out,   Yes. I'll go play Cards Against Humanity with you at the pub next weekend. Get a group together. Make it...
Or responding to things in lists/ outline in general.  Why didn't you come over last night?  First of all, I didn't want to. Second, I was stuck at work late... Etc.
Indicative of insecurity and low self worth; therefore unattractive.
So many positive residual benefits come out of the celebration of a life well lived. Or, on the flip- a death out of circumstances more tragic.  When my uncle passed of cancer when I was 6 I didn't...
You ask 'wtf' in a 'Random Thoughts, Tangents' thread.  So-- right back at you.
My idea of an egg hunt:  Distribution of my ova to fertility clinics nationwide.  Wait 9 months.  Visit the nursery wards within close proximity to each clinic, compare the phenotypic...
Mom= INFJ. Remind me of Cats. -sometimes appears to be an extrovert. -very iNtuitive when it comes to 'hunches'- especially about her kids. -values above all else (her moral code/ religious...
...you say/ do  what most won't, therefore you achieve what most can't.
Getting great news from you guys = torture.  Well as you know, we've been trying for a while now, and I'm finally pleased to announce that---  You're pregnant! Congrats! Due date?' ...
Everything else, yes.  Roaches the size of a small bird, with two people with compromised respiratory function living in the unit, no.
Da bitch was the size of a small bird. I'm not getting roach viscera on my footwear and/ or person. Chemically burning was the next best option.  Evidently I left my trifecta of pentobarbital,...
INTP: Aah! Palmetto bug! ENTJ: Kill it! INTP: But if I kill it, it will die. Then my little friend will be dead.  *INTP Steps over bug, walks in room, closes door*  Ten min later...  ENTJ:...
Dear enfj-  Why's it take you 10 words to say what I can in 3? Can we hurry this up please. Thanks!   -ENTJ
This.  It's why I'm selling my business and going back to school for Clinical Laboratory Scientist. Was going to do nursing because of the BLS projected salary difference of $15,000 annually-- but...
None, when they're not stoned.
My last dating experiences, from most recent to oldest: ENTJ- present ENTP INFP- second longest  INTJ ENTJ-longest ESTJ INTP INFJ ENTJ
Why use dating sites for finding the 'right one', when  serology & hematology are much more accurate.  Let me draw a vial first.  If I haven't called back for a second date in 5-7 days--- call...
-Smithsonians -Run stairs at the Jefferson -Jog at the mall by the Washington Mon -The Spy Museum is rediculous   If you (or anyone) do/es come to DC and you need itinerary suggestions,...
I'm not rich by most standards.  However, when financially necessary I made shit happen. In college? Rent was due? I'd... - throw a keg party and charge cover.   -find discarded IKEA stuff on the...
All the best, Sigmund.  *raises glass*
You're an ENFJ.  Okay, so you primarily operate with Fe.  So I think what might be going on is you're looking to create harmony and cohesion.  Just remember not everyone operates like that--...
If you enjoy challenges, but 'understanding your feelings' isn't one of them.
Bullshit. You just spent two thread pages seeking help because your friends aren't supportive.  You can't even be honest with yourself about what you want and need from your friendships, which...
When you start walking on eggshells around someone, it's time to move on.'"


4308: 'The first, no doubt. Explaining why is somewhat difficult since it is just a part of who I am.  Finding someone who loves me would be great but I have never felt the need for it. I would rather be...
I think it can be decided between NTP and NTJ very quickly, at least.  One question: Do you think this thread is a waste of time? :mellow:
Let's put it this way: There is a reason I only have three friendships that lasted more than a month.  Family has learned to deal with it. Took them 15 years but they got used to it eventually.
That is me in a nutshell. Love it.  That has gotten me into trouble too many times to count, though, so I'll often be silent until I am sure no one is carrying a weapon.
Yep. I'm trying to control this even though I am not as horribly afflicted as others. I only have a slight preference for extroversion, really. I can be alone for days or weeks and it won't bother me...
I wish I could find an INTJ in person. Even another ENTJ would work. It would be lovely, as you say.   Closest I got was an INTP; that was great since I could be myself but, as expected, we had...
Yes, you are right. I say these things out loud all the time since I do tend to talk without thinking.  I should learn from the INTJs and keep these things to myself. One day I will get this right....
At least your daughter listens to you. I was one bossy, hardheaded kid. I'm pretty sure I would have hated myself if there were two of me. I'm also surprised I did not end up stabbed to death or shot...
Ah, stereotypes.  I really don't care what strangers are feeling but I those I care about are a different story.   Emerson: What lirulin said. You can also just go on a whim and say Hi! My name...
Elaminopy: Overthinking, much? Maybe it is just me... *shrug*  INTJ, ENTJ, close enough. My mom got this on video. I was around 12, family get-together of some kind. Said to everyone, I bet I...
ENxPs can be the most introverted extroverts. I can't say ENTPs usually score above 50 on a test or whatever. It really depends on the individual. It depends on what you believe about yourself, too....
Haha, yes! Try explaining objective truth to a stubborn 7 year old. Tell me what happens.    I don't think so. I'm stressed and feel like eating ice cream isn't emotional, either, but it is the...
Cool. I will try to be detailed but there may be the occasional handwaving. Feel free to ask questions if that happens and you don't get it. If there is something in particular you have questions...
This is a really interesting topic. I don't relate to many of the overexcitabilities (perhaps I have just gotten used to them and see them as normal?) but I was always different from others. My...
Thickfreakness: I also have some specific Si-like traits but I believe they came about through the interaction of Ni and Se. A lot of the Si dependability can also be seen in an ENTJ through Te. ...
Elaminopy: I see you went back to unknown personality. Are you still interested in finding a type?  I would agree with bethdeth that you are INTP. I can try to get together specifics if you'd...
He does seem like an SP from your description.   ESTP sounds like a possibility. I would say ESTP rather than ISTP because he likes being the center of attention. The fact that he won't do...
This thread made me feel better about typing all my friends, lol.  ESFJ: Great friend; we're almost always together when there's something social going on but I somehow managed to offend her every...
ISFJ mom + ESTJ father = ISFP brother and E/INTJ (me)  We were a dysfunctional family. =/
I'm in a similar situation. I've come to the conclusion I am E rather than I but I look at the INTJ forums and I'm pretty much at home there, too.  I think you are E rather than I from what...
I understand what you mean. I think this can happen a lot to F's and I've read INFP's in particular like to think of themselves as INTP's. The T preference is sometimes seen as better by society...
The link myosotis provided should be helpful. Like she said, INFP's are Fi-dominant and there are plenty of threads about Fi all over the forum.   Is there any specific reason you changed your mind...
Like myosotis, I sense a good amount of Ne in this post, too.  I think ENTP is a good match for you. Have you looked at any of the ENTP threads?
I'm most likely a Type 9.  Good to know I may come across as a buddha, lol.
Welcome.  I was also typing myself as INTJ. This morning I woke up and realized I was an extrovert. it was life-changing.  No idea how that ENTJ-ENTJ partnership would be; it depends on the...
Questions if you want 'em: 1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type?  2) What do you yearn for in life? Why?  3) Think about a time where you felt like you were at your...
*pokes the ESFP's* :mellow:  I am gonna go make plans to take over the world or build a mind control device or some other silly thing to make me feel better about not being ESFP. ...
FreeSpirit: Similar things have happened to me so many times I won't talk anymore.   ...  This is so depressing. -__-
n00b here too. Welcome. *waves*  You sound like an IxTJ to me. The only other choices for an introverted Fi-Te are ISFP and INFP and according to this post, Fi-dom is out. ITJ's can be lazy as...
I am sorry for taking this thread so off-topic but I just have to let this out.  IT WAS/IS SO FRUSTRATING - especially with regards to my mom, who is definitely ISFJ. She is an awesome mother and...
There isn't another N in my family except for my great-grandfather. I can't be sure, though; my only evidence: everyone always thought he was special. Almost everyone, except my brother (likely...
Hey, I remember your intro thread. I was the one who mentioned also being torn between NT and NF. Welcome, again!   My opinion: I agree with Kelly617. You sound like an INTP. I think  people depend...
Paradigm: Yess! Someone got the Mass Effect reference. I was surprised no one had until now.   I think how you grow up does affect you a lot. I always had major problems communicating with my ISFJ...
I'm sorry you still don't know your type.  I am not confident in saying you are any one type since you seem so unsure of your own self. The jumping between feeler and thinker and then going from...
Hey, I'd totally join the Idealist Scientists group! Sounds like my kind of place.  @ Paradigm: Thanks for helping me on my own thread. I am pretty much set on being INTJ... an atypical one...
I disagree with the INTJ diagnosis. Have you looked in-depth at the definitions of the functions and such? I know that test is not always the most accurate and it is too easy to cheat and check...
Thanks for your input. I started looking more into 9w1 and 1w9 and I can't decide which describes me better. I never considered being a type 9 before. Yay for self-discovery. XD
I'll give the full story, because it is a bit complicated... XD;  When I first picked the major as a freshman, it was because I wanted to make money. I come from a pretty poor family so that was my...
Thanks for the help, everyone. :)  Paradigm: Actually, I stalked the NTJ forums and I identify a lot with them - the problem is, it seems a lot of them actually take pride in their lack of emotion,...
Don't worry about being weird. I love debate and such like an NT but I am more like an NF. It's all good. Welcome :)  btw: you cannot hide. XD
Thanks for the reply. I was considering ENTP for a while except I am definitely an introvert.  Regarding INTP: We are not that much different but she is much more detached than I am. I can't attain...
Ix92m pretty familiar with the cognitive functions and all that jazz yet I find myself unable to definitively say which functions I use most. I relate to all of them. This is very problematic. Please...
Woo, ketchup is always good. Welcome to the forums!
You'll take that back once I burn a cake or put brownies on fire by accident, LOL.
I agree that you sound xNTP. Not really enough information to determine ENTP or INTP, but you seem more Ne than Se. Se, as far as I understand it, is more action-oriented, which you said explicitly...
I found these questions on another thread; hopefully these will help.  Edit: I see you've already decided on a type but you can always answer them anyway, haha.   1) What aspect of your...
Interesting - I wasn't aware she offered free sessions.   So I take it you wouldn't have considered ISFP otherwise? Well, I'm glad you figured it out. :)
I'm just that awesome. And no, it totally isn't a premade mix that I just stuck in the oven... I totally made them from scratch. :mellow:
bigtex1989: Here is your totally awesome, virtual cookie, in your favorite variety. ^_^ *gives cookie*
:0  Betrayal! I gave you a cookie! >O  Really though - I have no soul, ahaha.'"


4382: 'Nice to see we agree on most characters :)   Pulaski is hard to type, he's a sadist but also Tenpenny's brown noser. Catalina is so ESTP it's great.
Wow, lol. Do you watch Coronation Street and/or EastEnders? I'd be interested in your typings for either of those, if you do.
Anybody here played GTA: San Andreas?  My typings:  CJ: ESFP Sweet: ESTJ Tenpenny: ESTJ Big Smoke: ENTP Ryder: ISTP  Kendl: ENFP
Come on, I know some of you must have played this legendary game. What MBTI (and enneagram, if you like) do you think the characters are?   I'll start:  CJ: ESFP Sweet: ESTJ Tenpenny: ESTJ Big...
I just clicked on the links on the homepage.
http://cognitivequiz.com/quiz.html http://www.enneagramquiz.com/quiz.html  I've noticed both the PerC cognitive functions and enneagram test websites have been down for a long time. Will they ever...
Joffrey isn't a psychopath. He's a sociopath, with sadistic tendencies.
:laughing:
I did.
Why are ESFP's stereotyped as being crazy outgoing party animals, hot popular cheerleaders who bully the nerd, and/or shallow + selfish attention seekers?
I don't mean to derail the thread but does anyone have any idea of Carice van Houten's (actress who plays Melisandre) MBTI type?  The only thing I can find is one Tumblr blog saying she's ISTJ but...
Can't beat Disoranno.
Don't you mean Rhaenys? I don't mean to be pedantic but Rhaenyra is somebody else so I just want you to clarify if you simply made a typo or didn't type Rhaenys after all.  I completely agree with...
Krienkar  Given scale 1-10, where 1 is introversion, and 10 is extraversion, where would you put yourself?  It varies, but I'd probably put myself at a 6 or 7.   Is there any ENTJ considering...
It's only fitting a Queen sits on a throne...in a Disney store :tongue:  707985
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIuOWv-mLP4
The pictures won't load for me. It's a shame, I really wanted to see them.  Guess E will always remain a mystery :tongue:
INTJ, ENFJ, and ESTP.
Been spending a lot of time reflecting on myself and what I want from life.   I've spent the past couple of months doing very little, and failing to be productive. Been sleeping 12-14 hours a day...
Sincere condolences. I empathise with your pain; I lost my father 10 months ago.   May you have your time to grieve, and recover.
Drivers who don't use their indicators.   People who don't say thank you after you hold the door for them.  When it starts raining just as I have to go outside.
Well that was just unnecessarily rude on their part. When we're nice, we get it thrown back in our faces. When we're rightfully pissed off, we're the bad guys. Can't win :dry:
They hate us cos they ain't us.  Also, Trump is meant to be an ESTP so that doesn't represent us very well.
xSFP definitely, but unsure of the I or E.
It's okay, I understand you didn't mean it in a negative or condescending way :happy: I'm not offended or annoyed.   Ni tends to do that, lol. I am guilty of doing this also, although not in quite...
It might just be the way I type, I'm much more bubbly in real life. I also have a very girly voice, not stoic or serious at all. Even when I'm angry and shouting I feel like I'm not intimidating...
Gender: female-unsure Age: 16-26 Intelligence: gifted Openness: conservative MBTI personality profile: ESFP Closest alternative we found: ESFJ
If I'm ISTP, I've been struggling with Ti-Ni looping and Fe grip. My need for validation and feelings of loneliness match up with Fe grip, from what I've read.  External factors would be years of...
Is a need for external validation not a Fe thing? Could you clarify what you mean?
I simply see MBTI as a tool in better understanding myself and others. I find MBTI theory interesting, even if a lot of it makes me roll my eyes (e.g. extensive intuitive bias everywhere)  Not...
I got tired of thinking but I wanted to finish it :laughing:  I don't relate to Ne or Si in any way, shape, or form so I'm safely not INFP. INFP's generally don't tend to be type 7's either. I...
It's nice to have an identity. The full validity of MBTI is questionable, but I've been used to seeing myself as ENTJ for so long that it gives me mixed feelings to realise I may not actually be. I...
I guess we'll see if/when replies to my thread appear.
Trust your intuition and judgement. If something seems off or wrong, run in the opposite direction.   Ironically, you tend to find that the richer somebody is the unhappier they are. Money cannot...
I know you're hurt, but try to use this as a learning experience.   ENTJs aren't known for understanding other people's feelings, but it sounds like this guy was likely an unhealthy narcissist and...
The only things that I'm 100% certain of is that I have Se and Ni in my stack, that both of them take up the auxiliary and tertiary positions, and that I'm a 7w6 sx/sp.   I believe I'm either an...
I think I might not actually be ENTJ after all and I don't know how to feel about it. Writing up answers to a questionnaire to post in the What's my personality type? area.
A pain in the ass.
Your gardeners? :shocked:   That's quite adorable actually.   I never even thought of giving away my clothes to groups like that. I live in a small countryside town though, so the only place to...
Any unhealthy type with an inferiority complex.  That said, ESTJs and INFPs seem to get on my nerves the most. ENFPs who are 'lolz so random xD :P asdfghjkl' as well.
When you guys are doing a clean out (e.g. clothes, miscellaneous items etc.) do you donate or sell?  I know that general items worth money (e.g. jewellery) you're likely to sell and trash or broken...
This hurts to read...
Completely true, and amusingly said Stawker :laughing:
Thanks a lot Stawker. I've messaged the seller and have yet to received a reply, so if they decide to ignore me then I won't bother as a reputable seller should be happy to answer any questions from...
Mr Canis  MsBossyPants  Bolderousness  Clovdyx  Thanks for your input. I definitely do want to treat myself a little bit, because I doubt I'll be receiving such a large sum of money again anytime...
Fellow ENTJs, I need your advice...  I recently came into some money (inheritance) and I'm not used to having this much money. I've always been somebody who's quite thrifty, I'll go for cheap...
I could have sworn it was a male icon next to your gender :shocked:  *shrug* Doesn't bother me. I swing both ways.   Let's get some cocktails.
Oh wow :laughing:  I like a man who's forward :wink: Want a drink?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpYeekQkAdc
I actually laughed out loud :laughing:'"


4398: 'VCTN We had just started working on a college group project together and up until that point had been exchanging emails pertaining to the project. I could tell by the ideas/thoughts he described in...
I love reading about what is going on inside the average INTP's head when he or she is flirting. I remember the first time my INTP tried actively flirting with me. I was wearing a blue and...
I was lucky enough to meet an INTP guy a few years back. We've been happy together ever since. No clue if the two of you will work out that well (more than type determines compatibility after all),...
antahon In short, the guy told qingdom (while in a seemingly bad mood) to get lost...so he did. As you can see from their interaction several years later though he didn't really mean it when he...
Iamtp I notice, as I have known him for several years. His family frequently accuses him of just not caring AT ALL because the way in which he shows that he cares is rather subtle and/or delayed...
I'm in a relationship with one of you guys. Two things of note...  1) Thinking about caring about others way more often than you demonstrate outwardly that you care about others (potentially...
Yeah, but he can't afford one and frankly, most people can't. I just wanted to know if any of you had any tips regarding ways that he can get motivated on his own or even specific forms of exercise...
A good friend of mine is an ISFJ who would like to get healthier and begin an exercise regimen. He is having problems with motivation, however. He likes (and seems to need) a workout partner in order...
Hmmm...one INTP that I know does a variation of this. Being an ENTJ, I'm often sh*t when it comes to discerning the mood another person is in unless that mood is made glaringly apparent. INTPs are...
I have been in a relationship with an INTP (that I care about very much) for nearly a year now. All is well, with the exception of one pattern of behavior that I just can't get past. My INTP b/f is...
I honestly don't think that all is lost between you and your father in terms of amicable relations. It's hard for an INFJ to grasp, but XNTJs tend to be retarded when it comes to how we are affecting...
Simply put: you need to construct a rational, logical argument for why his behavior is indeed negatively affecting you and your family (one that includes tangible evidence of the negative effects...
I thought I would contribute, as I am happily dating an INTP.  My 2 cents? If you want to know if an INTP is attracted to you, the answer (in my experience and based on what I have read in this...
CosmicJalapeno I am currently dating an INTP, and his microwave skillz are indeed impressive.  Granted, his microwave only has 2 settings (on or off). Said microwave is on when plugged in, and off...
I say at least finish high school.  Unless you plan to be self-employed, potential employers don't care what you learned on your own at your level, generally; they want to see that you (at least)...
I'm with DuKempriZ.  Instead of using typology to draw a line between you and your family, try to use it as a tool to better understand and communicate with them.  The fact of the matter is, these...
Maybe you should try to see it like this: the people that you attempt to contact very often don't want anything more than to hear from you, and see it as a pleasant surprise when they do.  Besides,...
While I understand and appreciate the INTP desire to not be intrusive, trust me when I say that the likelihood that you are being that way is slim to none.  You guys are so infrequent typically with...
Four words: LACK OF DIRECT COMMUNICATION.  If you like something, say it or in some way demonstrate outwardly that you do.  If you don't, (diplomatically) say so as well.  This thread has provided...
I don't find INTPs to be mean.  As someone else already noted, it is usually the reverse if accusations of being mean are made.  I have been dating an INTP for several months and things have been...
Hey hey...beneath my cold exterior lies a/an (insert something poetic that implies depth of feeling in an angst-y and esoteric manner here).  To be fair, I want to share my emotions, but being a T...
Graficcha Thanks for the thorough reply.  I don't have any major emotional issues to contend with...just rare moments in which I would like to vent a bit.  Being an XNTJ, I don't expect him to...
My turn! I'm hoping that this will be a simple inquiry...  I have read on various threads/forums that INTPs generally don't like their S.O.s to be emotionally-dependent on them.  This I understand....
I noted this in another thread, but I am dating an INTP and he is definitely into physical touch as a demonstration of his feelings.  I am not certain whether or not this is an INTJ quality or if...
Well, stereotypically, that title likely would go to ESTPs the most often.  I have seen a fair share of ENTP womanizers and ESFJ cheaters as well though.
I'll chime in! I'm not an INTP, but I'm dating one and have an INTP uncle who is a father.  The INTP that I'm dating has no children, but he does have a dog that he treats in the same manner that...
A brief observation: both one of my best friends and my grandmother are ISFJs.  In my experience, I tend to get along much better with ISFJs (and -SJs in general) in my own age group than I do older...
@ Op, I don't know if he is putting you on a pedestal (each INTJ is individual and all), but I doubt it.  INTJs tend to think things through thoroughly before acting, so him stating that he has been...
While I don't believe that the INTJ-ESFP pairing is among the least likely to occur (as someone else noted, I would imagine INTJ-ESFJ relationships are much more rare), I don't see the average...
I give the people that I care about that which I value most: my time.  If I care about someone, I initiate contact with that person on a consistent basis.  I really, REALLY like someone that I am...
Others have handled the specific questions well, so I'll just add one point: I think the INFPxINTJ pairing is one that works much better if the INTJ is a male and the INFP is a female.  As a female...
I would like to second the surgeon suggestion.  I might also suggest really thinking long and hard about entering into a medical specialty, such as dentistry or dermatology, that would almost require...
8w9. This makes sense as, while I am definitely an INTJ, I usually test low on the I (55-65%).
Believe it or not, I NEVER do that, and I think it is because of my view on arguing in general.  If I enter into an argument with someone, it is to try to (hopefully) solve the problem on which the...
Disclaimer: I don't know your g/f's type, and I am an INTJ (but had a long-lasting relationship with an ISFJ and have a very close ISFJ friend).  That said...  If there is one over-arching lesson...
Warning: book ahead.  I'll begin by asking a non-type related question: are you sure that you're not just idealizing the relationship now that you are no longer in it (aka placing too much value on...
ENTP: not romantically compatible in my experience, but absolutely hilarious, creative, and highly intelligent.  We make a great team when working on projects and the like. ENFJ: capable of...
Not an INTP...meh...  Mom: ISFP (and functioning alcoholic) Dad: ESTP (Borderline Personality Disorder, currently on high doses of anti-anxiety meds instead of therapy)  The only other NT in my...
Ah ok.  I admit, that form of consolation (the words of comfort thing) does feel rather useless/pointless.  It seems to work for quite a few people though.  It's often when I try to offer a solution...
Note that I said that I am detached in a physical sense.  None of the listening that I mentioned involves touching.  If I don't know a person well, I don't comfort that person physically.
As some others have said, if I don't know the distressed person at all, I am somewhat detached (at least in terms of physical contact).  One thing that I have had a bit of success with is simply...
I have known 2 ESFPs well.  One was unhealthy, and given the plethora of stories already available about that situation I won't detail it here.  The healthy one? Great, in small doses.  We're good...
I think that the answer to your inquiry is relative to each individual INTJ.  I say that, because your ex was more indecisive than I would have been (which I will get into briefly below).    In...
(sigh) I remember this phase in my interpersonal development.  In my mid-teens, I realized that I was being overly-harsh with people, particularly when it came to rejecting them in some way.  In an...
I have two INFP friends, and what I value in them is their ability to so-eloquently (and often elaborately) express their Fi and also their Ne-driven creativity.  Said INFPs are also often hilarious....
I'm a borderline E (still introverted though-but I usually only test between 55-60%) and an enneagram 8 so take the following with a grain of salt...  I prefer plans to be made further ahead than...
In echoing the be real sentiment, I say just be yourself.  Corny, yes, but INTJs value sincerity and, furthermore, can often sense when a person is being fake in some way a mile off.  Also, I don't...
I am close to an INTP who has been very...down, lately.  In short, said INTP has stated that he has numerous complexes, feels inadequate in many ways, and that he currently feels as though he has...
Ok, I will include some details that I didn't the first time.  Yes, she is my grandma.  It is for this reason that I did show signs of listening, and even said I would take her advice into...
In my gut, I agree that I have done all that I can.  My biggest issue (and one about which I can do nothing) is that she is going to seek out any female family member she can and gossip about our...'"


4425: 'I didn't find one that I wanted to vote for, and I couldn't find a combination of three that fit what my ideals reflect.  I advocate classical liberalism, in that I think that the ultimate freedom is...
Do:  Tell the Truth Don't:  Lie or deceive  That about sums it up.  If I find our you're lying to me, you're as good as dead.
He claimed you, unless you object.  If you object, he's cool with that, just let him know sooner than later.    Also, he is giving you full disclosure into what he is like.  He has issues...
I would say a lot depends on the individual being managed.  Here's why.  As an ENTJ who has been in a leadership position for a while, I can say that I am quite good at leading those who can stomach...
I usually have a bit of anxiety about starting something new, I guess because each new job is a movement up on the ladder.  I don't make strictly horizontal moves, so if I am starting something new,...
Agree with the above.  I tend to focus on three large goals as well.
What I find is that I need to prioritize and set an ultimate goal and work backward.  Then I keep refining the list and get rid of the things that ultimately aren't helpful in that end-goal.  If that...
I know this is a strange line of thinking.  My INTJ wife is absolutely addicted to books.  By the time my oldest son was 18 months old, she has bought over 1300 books for him.  We have books coming...
Serious question, how many books do you own?
Agree with the above, it's all part of the stereotype.  Usually I give someone ample opportunity to be honest with me and when that's violated multiple times, then they're off the reservation.  Until...
If he's an ENTJ, I say yes, tell him what you expect.  Tell him that you want a do-over and you're very interested in him.  If he balks, walk.
I grew up government cheese and rice poor.  Had to fix everything, couldn't afford to buy anything new, had to go to a government (public) school.  That shaped my thinking and my career focus more...
Things that I say repetitively...  He/She is so thorough I want to swallow my own tongue. Can we get back on topic, please? Do you remember the question I just asked you? <= when someone gives a...
There, I fixed it for you.    Suits aren't trickier, you just need to know what's good & what's bad.  I can almost always spot a cheap suit from across the room.  If you can't afford an expensive...
Reminds me of one of my favorite quotes.  If you can't beat them, join them, then beat them.  As I think about this question more, OP, can you please define corruption?  It strikes me that part of...
I didn't vote.  My answer:  Corruption is the result of people being evil, and everyone's evil.  Not everyone is corrupt.
I just went through this with my INTJ son, trying to explain to him not to live the life that I lived, as I see him headed in that direction.  I'll try to be short and to the point, but high school...
I may be different.  I am pretty decisive, and if I have decided to pursue a relationship, we're in it for the long term, and I really don't need much space.  The only time I would need a lot of...
I am very good friends with booth an ENTP and an INTP.  The ENTP is a log of fun, and is one of those life of the party kind of people.  The INTP is probably the most thorough person I've ever met....
If you absolutely, positively must get revenge, then do so.    I offer a different opinion.  I just think that you learned a valuable corporate lesson for a measly $6k.  It seems like a lot at...
To answer the question you asked, I have ALWAYS cared what I have done.  That doesn't mean that I have enjoyed it.  I have always thought of myself as make the best out of all situations kind of...
Interesting, some of the biggest misunderstandings I've ever had have been with an INTJ friend of mine.  We got close to the 'gonna have to call off the friendship phase' three times.  I've never...
This is the most asked question in the forum, aside from 'an entj is mean to me, how do I deal with him/her.'.   Homework:  search the forum and post a summary of what you find.  I'll validate and...
In my case, they would all be part of one plan.  I would implement plan A and plan b&c are contingency planning if something I can't control heads in a direction I can't prevent.
I don't know that there is one specific style, at least not for me.  I guess we could probably eliminate 'sloppy' because I can't see an ENTJ attracted to a slob, but that's only a guess.
I laughed at this.  I seem to have a disproportionate number of INTJ friends and acquaintances, so I collect them, I guess.  My very best friend is an INTJ, my boss is one, and my wife is one.
What do I think?  I think it sucks.  I used to sell software to Gallup and they were drunk on their own kool-aid  It was really hard to get anything done because it wasn't my strength quest.  This...
The most consistent thing that I have been called is Logical  This can be a criticism or a compliment, depending on the scenario.  Compliment: Getting a deal done, making a hard decision,...
I like how this thread went from how can I charm and impress an ENTJ to How do I know an ENTJ is really 'into' me?  For the original question, I like to see results.  My wife got my attention...
I have kind of three tiers of sharing personal information:  1.  Personal information I use for icebreakers - I am a director of sales for a large software company, it helps customers and employees...
Sorry I've been away from the forum, but to start off the new year, I thought I'd give a couple little gifts to the ENTJs who hang out here.  Some good articles I've read lately.  First:  What...
A friend of mine says that he's donating his body to science so that the drs better understand the consequences of a life of depravity.
I thought about this more and I don't know that my views on a funeral have changed a whole lot since becoming a Christian. I have largely seen myself as worm food.
Debates => Yes  Lavish Funeral => If someone asked, I'd do it.  I got to write my grandmother's eulogy for her while she was still alive and could proofread it.  It was a pretty cool way to...
I think you've been given pretty good advice so far, so if this is redundant, forgive me.  There are people (male and female) who I don't want to develop a deeper relationship with.  I use the...
That would actually make a lot of sense.
You missed my point.  You seem like a perfect Democrat to me.  You have a heart for the impoverished, and you don't like those evil capitalists, but you have no problem advising suicide if someone...
You walk around and have 3 ideas for a new business/better way to do something before you've had your first cup of coffee.  Then you refine those ideas while waiting for the coffee to work its...
I'm okay with others touching it, but they better put it back exactly where they found it.  Everything is in a specific location for a specific reason.  Like you say, whether it looks disorganized or...
My sister is too.  She literally has an 8 year degree in pottery and went to college to be a starving street artist, honestly.  I can't say she didn't have goals, she just didn't have motivation. ...
I suspect my INTJ wife is very close on the P/J, based on observation.  I start sweating if we're going to on time, let alone a minute late (gasp).  She's frequently fashionably late.
Not quoting the whole thing to save some bits, but great story.  Not to offend you as a vegan, but I often don an apron, but that's usually with a chunk of meat in one hand and a handful of...
Would you be attracted to someone who was competent in running a household?
I find sweet irony in the person posting 5,6,7,8 above and telling someone to stab themselves in her signature tag.
I lost my reply due to a posting error.  I'll try to recreate.  My wife wasn't the full time mom when we got married either.  She is quite a bit smarter than I am, and she was a partner in an...
Trying to stitch together the questions:  Ever been so pissed that you stopped doing part of your job? => Yes.  Lasted about a month until I kicked my butt back into gear  You didn't ask, but......
My wife is the mother of three very active kids.  In addition, she volunteers weekdays at the local Christian School putting some of her God-given talents to work while the kids are in class.  I...
I don't want to derail the cheating thread more than it already is.  There was a post made that I wanted to comment on, but it wasn't relevant to the thread, so I'm starting a new thread.  I think...
The first boss I had out of college (probably an INTJ) gave me a task about a month on the job to check something out.  So I did, and I made a list of things that needed to be corrected.  When I...
I watched the movie Jarhead last night.  The character that Jamie Foxx plays id an ENTJ.  He does an excellent job of it.  Watch him when he's pushed.  There is a scene where they have to take a...'"


4462: 'If we are using logic i guess i will expresss some connotations here:  -Just because multiple people had praised you by being  XYZ  that does not mean its fact, or its real or its accurate; those...
My angry  self says: Fuc.... destroy that idiot with pure logic My diplomatic self says: Umm dont build enemys for free but dont  let him  do that ever again   i think the key factor is : what...
intjs are our inside animal , and we are their outside warrior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7p0-WZTSx3E
Its  a darwins law aplication: only the best/strongest will survive,  let the nature  do its job: you can not save all the stupids all time.
702178
Here is what happens and the solution:  1-you are a pickle , he does nto like pickles, the faster you understand this the better. 2- Even in the event he likes pickles both of you suck as a...
prepare for a post that will change your life with new, creative,never written info...............  Im going to frame my answer, by using these definitions  coming from a highly scientific source,...
And this is why i hate hospitals(in general)..sorry for your loss
Maybe you just wanted to pee....  just saying ....
you:Good morning i have a date for an interview. secretary:name? you: Stawker  better known as  genio retardo secretary: -on the phone-  genio retardo is here sir  :laughing::laughing:
First point is false , there is a lot of scientific studies and lots of research; keep in mind it also depends on which specific area are you talking about.Business managment is a mix of hard science...
After reading Sangoire's novella above, I've reached the conclusion that I'm never going to like diplomacy. Fuck that shit, too much effort.
why do you think you should feel anything about it?, mbti type is not  important
In regards to some post before  i found this:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNcZUqF4c5E
Show me the roi of those marketing tactics and let's see which one is killing it :cool:
UHMMMM.........  if you want a wild sx adventure i guess that could be important (in a really shallow way) but if you want something seriuss.................   my  vote goes for: a) You are a...
What was the question?
Im not whining, its a fact, wellcome to the internet, but you are correct it does not matter anyway.
Yeah let's waste time reading profiles because  the information there is highly accurate/true right? and especifically in this forum where people even change gender ....................    BRB...
You should also consider Napoleon style was based on a this is what has been working for a long time so lets keep doing that  style in terms of master strategy; why? Every single person was afraid...
Technically speaking  this would also involve internal rate of return and payback period.......:laughing:
My bet is  $1 that he/she  is under 25.
680641 executive
GZ :proud:
Im going to be the devil's advocate and i would not point out that you OP seems to be an egocentric kiddo that can not control his emotions and need to grow up and learn to be a team player (sorry...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGsKzZtRwxw
You got me   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBAfIFStgmY
fuck i loss the chance. fucking life get me busy doing so fucking much stuff  damnn  FUCK
1-since when you have to have a high-powered career to fit in(really absurd term bbut lets pretend its used correctly here) into entj MBTI  type? Please show me real proves of that Aka: stereotypes...
Be carefull what you wish for .............you migth get it and i even have the soundtrack for that:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCapEM2ZKIo
Follow two main methodology for start ups lean start up  , canvas method The combination of both methods  will give you enough information and data of your market and bussines idea to know if its...
Remember when people said :trump easily could lead USA to huge conflicts(aka third world war). no , congress will stop him , power balance will screw him  Well , i dont believe Trump can gop...
You should stay away from unhealthy people and stereotypes;probably a better perspective.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8O9_4At-YPM
go ahead,i dare you to post frecuently and  fake it a long time(im talking more than 3 months and with daily post at least)idoubledareyou.On the other side the system its not flawless and clearly...
we have no proves or information to deny the possibility that thebrown ones are made of shit.
I feeel soooo old but people tend to see me younger than i really am. Since i was 20 i feel really old . In almost everything 20 years of lifetime is a lot of time.
You can hear the facpalm sound at the end of the phrase.But look at thwe possitive side your cv can get some attetnion and have strong points to get you into a a spot
maybe you need to change nationality............:kitteh::tongue:
Disclaimer:This is going to be MY personal opinion based on your side,your point of view and your description of the situation,therefore i'm assuming what you are describing is done with all the...
Just my two cents here:If you are not happy in a relationship you either:end it,change it or adap to it.It looks like you are going to take one of these options.Problems are there to be solved not...
double post  op op
two words: Grandfather, grandmother.
“The conclusion was when you have these microbial exposures early in life, your innate system signals your adaptive system not to have asthma, not to have allergies,” Holbreich said. “We have an...
This does not probes or shows anything.You are comparing a population of Billions of people vs a population of maybe 300.000.Even if you only take USA population its : 325 millions vs 300.000. U.S....
k i will bite, 1)Sounds like you want a piece that you need to solve your puzzle,which its not a good reason to be with someone, depsite you being attacted to him. 2) i know what i want, then i...
personalitycafe.com/entj-forum-executives/random-thoughts-tangents-etc-
he is a rebel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyx6JDQCslE'"


4513: 'Thanks to all you guys, I really thought I was alone in this. It feels so good that someone else understands the struggles you have with others. I will take your advice and not give my attention to...
I'm 22 years old and I just transferred to a new college in DC. Luckily I have an aunt who lives in DC with her husband and two kids. They have a nice Townhouse and allowed me to have the guest...
all the NTs, I really wanted to get a good outlook on this, INTJs and INTPs give great advice to me.
lol....
Yes I do. In a way, it's scary to know you know so much about me without ever speaking to me.
Tell me about it. I have too many stories not enough time to type them all.
Good tip.
Thanks for sharing and you made me laugh as I agree.
Thanks I need to hear that. ENTPs don't seem to agree with me, and I only got one INTJ who experiences the same thing.
Thanks, I need to hear and know I was not alone in this world on that one. I posted the same thing in the ENTPs forum and they believe I am trying to control my friends. I only want what is good for...
I am only trying to help them, I know what is best for me and them. I have been around these guys for almost 2 years, I can almost always read what they are thinking and know what they want out of...
I'm sorry you feel that way, however please don't make it seem as if I am a bad person. I was in no way trying to offend anyone with my opinions I just simply want advice on how to handle this...
What is that suppose to mean?
I hate to admit it but you are right. I just don't want to be seen as the bossy asshole. I am so much more than that, they need to realize I know what is best for them and if I don't I'll research it.
What does that mean?
So, I have quite a few friends who are Feelers and I hate listening to their problems and giving them advice for the simple fact that they'll either get offend or will not listen. I even go as far as...
So, I have quite a few friends who are Feelers and I hate listening to their problems and giving them advice for the simple fact that they'll either get offend or will not listen. I even go as far as...
So, I have quite a few friends who are Feelers and I hate listening to their problems and giving them advice for the simple fact that they'll either get offend or will not listen. I even go as far as...
So, I have quite a few friends who are Feelers and I hate listening to their problems and giving them advice for the simple fact that they'll either get offend or will not listen. I even go as far as...
Think of Jesus of Nazareth, Barack Obama, Abraham Lincoln, John Paul II. They are the reformers in the world who for the most part.
What makes an ENTP woman different from all other? (Include all common pros of cons of her please)
What are ENFP women like? (Please give great detail as to how she would commonly dress, care herself, what she would like about a guy, her more than likely life goals)
Someone who is extremely intelligent and is very passionate about something that I consider to matter in life.
It was still good advice thanks
Well thanks guys for the advice, it was really helpful I talked to Josh after midweek service in our church cafe and he apologized as did I for things that were spoken and came to a common ground. I...
Thanks guys I actually will be seeing this guy again in half an hour and will take some of the Great advice mentioned above. Wish me luck
We are both males, he has a girlfriend and being gay at my church is not necessary a good thing
I attend this christian bible group every Tuesday, and recently I have had some issues with this guy name Josh (who's an INTJ). Basically in group discussions he undermines everything I say or...
I am currently a college student and have read a couple of blogs and articles online about what careers are great for ENTJs. I like some of the jobs that were listed but don't know if I would be...
Well Said..... I can't think of another way to say it and you made the home run. I agree 100% to what Humility said.  Best of LUCK....
1. Enfj 2. Infp 3. Entj
I thank you for your opinion however finding this girl and apologizing is just not going to happen. On the next date I will take the advice of what was said here, some was very helpful and continue...
I hate to be a cliche but I seriously felt nothing and it was alot going on with this video.
lol typo thanks
I think you are right as far as empathy but being honest sometimes I don't understand why people do some of the shit they do, and if I don't understand it I don't care enough to understand it. It's...
I so say France, I love France I've only been to Paris twice but it is amazing, not to mention the culture, history, and amazing language. I was suppose to be a Frenchmen
I love the way INTPs think, my bestfriend is an INTP. I asked him what he would do if he won the lottery his answer was give it all to charity and keep some for a house and other basic needs. Best...
I took the test once more and I got ENTJ.
NO Madam majority of my nice life is in the wonderful city of Dallas with trips all over the northeast. The Texas stereotype is for those nasty savages in south Texas,
I don't think I have an inordinate amount of self-esteem and arrogance. Some people do think so. At least I feel I can see where they're coming from before I decided NOT to change.[/QUOTE]  Okay...
Thanks for your opinion and I somewhat agree with you. However, I don't consider this to be rude I mean I really wanted to help this girl and being rude by definition according to Webster is as...
Read over the comments everyone is saying I'm an inconsiderate asshole. I'm NOT. I used the analogy to communicate that there's nothing wrong with hearing TRUTH it doesn't make you a bad person to...
And yet, the point still remains -- the world doesn't tolerate unfiltered opinions and you have to adjust to that sooner or later. There's a line of what is acceptable in society. You seem to have...
How can you say that? Are you sure you are an ENTJ because you're not relating to me at all. I am not being a kid. I expect everyone I talk to, to be the best they can be or don't talk to me this is...
Welcome to the CITY, MORE PEOPLE MORE PROBLEMS MORE ATTITUDES> why do you consider yourself rude?
Can you NOT READ I ONLY WANT ENTJ TO RESPOND. Please NEVER COMMENT on my post again
fuck off you sound like a complete idiot Why should I give anything to this guy if he's likely to make me feel bad for doing so, why couldn't (you) just say thanks and not use? If I don't want it,...
Whatever, you don't know me and have no right to tell me what I need fuck off seriously.
thanks for the advice it was very helpful...I must admit I would tell the person who brought an awful gift why did you buy this awful gift? Is that what you think of me? I can't help it, I must say...
Okay so I am a ENTJ, at the church I attend there is this guy named Josh who says he is a INTJ. I can agree because he fits all the descriptions online about INTJs. Me and Josh don't get along...'"


4559: 'What?   Yes, many medications are prescribed too much, but you're implying ADHD doesn't exist and medication can't help. My brother has a variety of neurological issues, severe ADHD among them,...
I totally understand you. I'm fine with reading and understanding people's emotions, but I very rarely become personally invested in them. It makes me feel bad that I can't feel bad for other people,...
I could see ENTJ or ESTJ. Have you looked into function theory at all for help? There are really great articles on the Cognitive Functions forum.
I have panic disorder, with associated severe insomnia, and a myriad of kidney problems. But I don't feel like I suffer generally, I have medication that keeps me feeling fine. My biggest complaint...
Defined trade. I'm not sure prostitution (though I've heard that before) or hunter-gathering qualifies as a trade. I would  connect that with, like, a skilled craft.... So I'm inclined to go with...
First of all, chill. You don't need to go into college 100% sure what you're going to do. I've switched majors, most people do. It's not a big deal.   Suggestions for you: Neuroscience,...
I have terrible insomnia and I am extremely dependent on sleep medication. I have been awake over 48 hours when I have run out. I think it's more of a health thing than a personality thing, though,...
Massage therapist. Medical or vet technician.
I got 45/55. I kind of rushed though, I probably spent like 5-7 minutes on it. I got kind of bored.
Frats are only good for the parties they throw... but it's free beer so I'm not complaining.
I'd like to add to the discussion with this clip:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NXQG5_78w9U
GTL 4 life. :P  For real though, it's largely guido-free here unless you're down the shore, and the guidos are all from Staten Island and Queens. We don't like them either.
Women should be able to get an abortion under any circumstances (including late into her pregnancy) and the government should finance abortions for women who can't afford them.   /to follow up on...
My handwriting is awful, but I mostly attribute that to being left-handed. My cursive is legible to no one except myself (and sometimes even I can't decipher it), and many people struggle with my...
Alternative rock, classic rock, punk rock, blues rock. So... rock. :P  Favorites: The White Stripes, Cage the Elephant, Foreigner, The Fratellis, The Police, Rise Against, Van Halen...  I'd...
I'm inconsistent with my competitiveness. I generally only get competitive about a few specific things I know I'm really good at and like to be the best at. If it's anything else I usually don't...
http://oi56.tinypic.com/mts3e8.jpg  Grainy picture of me I just took.
Err. I don't relate. I'm just awesome at opening bottles, I guess.
I would say my Si is reasonably developed, I suppose.  But I do have a way of always being right when predicting the outcome of events happening to other people, whereas I get all confused about...
Probably <.< or <_< because I use them gratuitously.
Forever alone in the Northeast.
(A) Would not.  (B) Would not.  (C) Would not.  (D) Would not.  (E) Would not.
I have issues with trust. Even people I really care about, I often still question their motives. I tend to put myself first, and I tend to expect others to do the same. It's a problem because it...
I've read all of Atwood's novels and some of her poetry. Handmaid's Tale is my favorite book; Alias Grace is a close second.   I'll add about type and books later, I just saw Margaret Atwood and...
Valid points (especially about Victrola/Victoria, wouldn't have thought of that), except for this one.  I assumed it was pronounced durj, like a funereal song, and I think the average person can...
Does ENFJ not fit for you? It's what the functions would suggest, anyway.
I've identified as an ENTP for a long time but I've always been hung up on my pretty considerable preference for Ti or Ne. The only thing keeping me from jumping on the INTP boat is that I just don't...
My first guess is ISFJ, mostly because I associate them so closely with the idea of work ethic geared toward family, which sounds like is important to you. The other functions fall into place to:...
Kind of depends on your branding plan/target audience. Victrola sounds kind of feminine and upscale while Dirge sounds more dark and punk. But I liked those two for the music references, and...
I believe that the Lord God created the universe... I believe that He sent His only son to die for my sins... And I believe that ancient Jews built boats and sailed to America... I am a Mormon and a...
Bad table manners.  Bad manners in general.  Arrogance. Math. People who smile too much.
Totally spontaneous questions about the nature of the universe probably freak the vast majority of people out. I'd probably be like um wut? as well.  Anyway I don't think it's necessarily weird...
Honestly, I'm a lot more likely to make myself guilty than someone else. If somebody tries to guilt me about something I tend to just get annoyed at them, usually. Generally I can back up most of the...
Uhh no, it's not something I ever worry about. Honestly I'd probably be kind of flattered if I were being stalked, in addition to creeped out.
Yeah, their perfection contrasts the enormously screwed up adult world presented in the books.  The Untitled Series makes me so happy.
I LOVE Curious Incident! :D
If you can get a certificate in Professional Writing, Technical Writing, Grant Writing or something like that, there are actually a decent number of opportunities. I would say there's not much you...
Slightly unrelated: Doesn't studying for the SATs compromise the integrity of the test if it's supposed to be measuring aptitude? I dunno, I didn't study for them. :P  I did use them to study for...
I really like dystopian novels. The Handmaid's Tale, 1984, Brave New World, A Clockwork Orange, etc. Bleak visions of the future are just cool to me I guess. :P I like assessing the plausibility of...
I find all this really really interesting to read.  I guess it really is in the eye of the beholder. I too have been told that I seem argumentative when I didn't mean to come across that way, but...
Yeah, I'm really inconsistent. Some days I feel cuddly and affectionate and some days I hate everyone.    But I would say I'm more affectionate in private. PDA is not my thing.  I think my Fe...
Why does every type feel persecuted?   Nobody's walking all over anyone. People are entitled to their opinions, and unless they're blatantly attacking you personally then don't read too far into...
He probably doesn't scare as easily as you would think. Don't stress yourself out about it; the more upfront about it you are, the more he will appreciate it.
I usually need a physical means of venting my anger, particularly ripping up paper. Or writing in my journal, being sure to write in all capital letters and use gratuitous expletives. Otherwise I...
To me, debating implies a competitive component, where the goal is for one person to be right and prove the other person wrong. This doesn't really interest me. I'd much rather have a non-competitive...
It is interesting to see that all these ENTPs like introverts.  I have a soft spot for introverted feelers. ISFPs and INFPs. <3
Hi! Welcome to PerC! :D   Don't be too shy. I'm sure you have a lot to bring to the conversation. Here's a penguin cupcake. ...
I have a ferret at home, which I guess is very P-ish.  But I want a cat.  I would associate dogs with extroverts and cats with introverts. But I'm totally a cat person. So I dunno.
I criticize you for being from New Zealand. That's totally a valid basis for criticism.
I got my navel pierced today and I love it. :)'"


4575: 'I'm curious.
vitruvia  EQ AT WORK: 3. PAY MORE ATTENTION TO YOUR FEELINGS  All types have what Carl Jung called an Inferior Function or shadow side to their personalities.  Your Inferior Function is the...
Friends, video games with friends, movies. Generally that order.
No! It was actually bait! That's more interesting, right?
I wanted to be a firetruck.
I choose continue something, because I think it's very difficult. Though the others are difficult too.
JWDurand  No one has yet mentioned the cognitive functions... I don't know if you're familiar with the cognitive functions, but simply put they are an additional four pairs of letters that...
As an ENTJ, I have Ni, and I think I sometimes do the piercing gaze when I'm thinking about something. Generally I have two modes: Te-heavy, where I'm more about the flash of insight (from the aux...
Dashing  Toaster + Microwave? Efficient.     IAmReason Yes.    Ryo  Joker!
RunForCover07  Pyschology would fit with your desire to help people, however I have a feeling that it might be stressful. There might be a temptation to feel responsible when people don't get...
I'm going to regret this, aren't I :P
I use fire tongs.
1. How is your Te and Fi axis used? Examples help.  I don't think it's called an axis. I'm going to answer this question as if you asked how do they work together. This I would answer by saying...
Okay I am thinking S for sure right now and potentially ISTJ
Hello...   I'm really confused about this one, primarily from a cognitive perspective. I know that she has Ti (it's very strong) as well as Fe. Other than that, I don't really know--but the thing...
A word on the forum. A forum is a magical place where people cling to stereotypes because they don't want people to go hey! you're not the type you identify with! and, presto, stereotypical...
Adrian knows what's up. It's funny we kinda wrote an almost identical reply :B
AnesthesiA  I was really into House of Cards but now it's a matter of waiting. Also Sherlock. Film, let's see. I haven't watched anything that really got me lately.
Haha... an ISFJ... venturing into the ENTJ forum. My gut reaction to the question is this: I don't think that best type is a good question, because all types are needed to work together!   That...
stiletto   Do you have a gif for everything? (I'm just asking for it now, aren't I?)   @ OP  I love cuddlingggg it's great.
I'd be a puppy. You know, soft and happy but can also go all aggressive wolf instinct thing.
Dheepan  I didn't see anything about Ne specifically in your list... what makes you think you have Ne? You certainly sound way more J than P, based on being on top of things.
bionic  Hindsight is 20/20. I probably never would have made this thread, even though I still think it's an interesting question.
I was wondering about the responses to this thread. Thanks.
I think that on the internet people play up their type so that no one can accuse them of not being the type they identify with.
Aizar  This makes a lot of sense. I have this problem where I expect people to tell me if something is wrong, probably because I'm quick to tell other people when something is wrong! Asking would...
Daniel_James_Maher  The stereotype ENTJ is supposedly aggressive and the ENTJ forum seems to bear out the stereotype.  Okay, so. I have a lot to say about this. I'm not sure how the ENTJ...
Daniel_James_Maher  I know several ISTJs, the others are not bossy. In fact, I like the others quite a bit!   You really think I should? :bored: That makes me nervous because it sounds like...
She gets stressed out by pretty much everything. She loves people but they tire her out, so: friends. College. She feels like she doesn't have enough time to accomplish things. She has a specific...
Hello,  So there's this ISTJ. First, we were both studying abroad and we went on a trip together. I found it quite awkward, primarily because he didn't appreciate me being bubbly and whatnot. Later...
So like the title says, my INFJ friend is easily stressed out. Sometimes, I feel like I accidentally contribute to that stress. I have trouble seeing the signs of whether she's stressed or not and...
Another good question would be how the feedback from others in regards to perceived niceness/emotions affects you, ie, your reaction.
The question is whether you consider yourself to be nice to other people. If you think this question has been asked before, then fine. I don't think it has, because I'm not someone trying to...
Well? Are you?
I was waiting for this :P   What's your exercise routine?
Did I call NT? Yes I did.
1) Do you like exercise? 2) If you exercise, what is your system?       (Sidenote... I hope I don't post too much in these here parts).
I only read the tl;dr.   Does he think out loud? If so I'd lean towards ENTJ. If not, more likely INTJ.
So, you sound to me like an introvert and a thinker. The way you write sounds Thinker to me because you appear to emphasize reason over emotion.  If you were that, INTP, your functions would be...
First state your MBTI type: ENTJ   1.) Going to bed knowing you can sleep for as long as you want OR a compliment from a stranger.  Sleep.   2.) The smell of freshly-baked bread OR a full fridge...
Team Fortress 2. I'm currently playing and have been playing for years.
Like others have said, better to see MBTI as a preference. In other words, as an ENTJ my preference is to be extroverted, intuitive, thinking, and organized. But sometimes I'm introvert, sensing,...
Merisho  ESFP because it sounds fun, extroverted, in touch with the sensory world...
You avoid offending people like the plague. Anything NTs say basically riles you up.  You really want to please people/want to be liked.
My major experience with an ISFJ was a drama due to miscommunication... ENTP+ISFJ makes perfect sense, I know a pair and they work really well together.
Elistra  I've been known to have the Trench Coat look without thinking about it quite often. I'm sorry you had that experience! However, I bet if those kids got to know you it would be an entirely...
I don't know of many ENTJs in film or television, but I do know that I relate really, really strongly to INTJs on screen (ex BBC Sherlock).
Hmm, personally I don't think that looking to leadership is an automatic disqualifier for being an ENTJ or an automatic point towards S.   Also, I think that OP is definitely a J. :crazy:
I've typed my family as:   Dad: ESFJ Mom: ISTP  (yes, they make sense for each other)  Me, eldest child: ENTJ Younger sis: ISFP
1. Could you explain your situation? I'm a full time student taking 6 classes with two jobs and an internship. I also do a weekly radio show for the school station, random video projects for friends...'"


4604: lmao this thread
The second quote I posted was actually anti-religion, I thought...
ENTP.  Self Taught, for fucking sure. No-one can teach me better than myself.
ESTPs are pretty cool. I stole your Socionics type. :cool:
It is impossible to have two personalities unless you have MPD (multiple personality disorder), which is extremely unlikely.   Since you are just a starter, read this. An Intro To Cognitive...
Socionics and Myers Briggs are completely different systems. You can be an ESTp in socionics while also being an ENTP in myers briggs. they aren't the same, the functions do have different meanings...
Existentialismz  1. xNTP  2. xNTx 3. INTx  Altogether, INTP 5w4.  ___________________________________________________________________________________
Bro I'd look into Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, or Lyme Disease. If you have such low energy that's probably a medical thing. Lyme can also fuck with your mind state. Also, if you don't have a bullseye...
620225
No, non lo faccio. Sto facendo questo attraverso google translate.
Littlewood  1. xNxP. Enneagram type 4. 2. xSxP. E7. 3. INFx. E9. 4. INFJ. E?. 5. INFJ. E?.  Altogether, I'd say INFJ 4w5-9w1-7w6.
I didn't say it was scientific, but it is in that realm. The letters are just made up.
Mitch Hedburg?
Jesus Christ... I'm trying not to insult you, but it's hard.   The letters aren't even remotely scientific. You don't type based on letters. That's idiotic. The functions are what makes the theory...
An addition: Scandal Fitz ISFP 9w8 Olivia ENTJ 8w9 Cyrus ENTP 7w8 Jake Ballard ENTJ 6w5 Abby ENTJ 3w4 Mellie ENFJ 1w2 Huck INTJ 9w8 David ENFJ 3w2
Dude, nobody except the people who just learnt about mbti type with letters. MBTI types ARE their functions. Where did you come up with that idea?
Hey everyone, I need some help typing my uncle. He consistently tests as ENFJ, but I don't see that as being true. I think he's either a ENTJ or ESFP but I can't figure it out. I'll give you guys...
They are very similar types.
That is legitimately stupid.   Cognitive functions are the basis of myers briggs. Just using the letters is painfully inaccurate. Just because they seem like an I-N-T-J doesn't mean that they are....
INTJ enneagram 3.
Where is Ben's Ni? And when he gets stressed out he goes super Inf Ne. ISTJ's are also capable of generating ideas, because of the Inf Ne. I just can't see the INTJ typing.  April is super ISFP....
It does. Not poor memory of knowledge, but poor memory of small things, like where you parked your car or where you left your phone.
Actually Jessie was very extroverted when we first meet him... the rest of the time he is stressed the fuck out and he definitely goes into Ni grip when he is. That's why he seems so introverted.  ...
An addition:   New Girl Jess ENFP 4w3 Nick ISTP 8w9 Schmidt ESFP 7w8 Winston ENTJ 8? Cece ESTP? 3w4?
Thanks bro.  The only ones I totally disagree with are ISTJ for Stanley and INTJ for California. I'd say ENTP 5w4.  I fucked up on Jan tho
Rick ISFP 9w8 Shane ESTP CP 6 Daryl ISTP 8w7 Governor ENTJ 3w2 Hershel ISTJ 6w5 Abraham ESTJ 8w9 Eugene INTP 5w4 Glenn ENTP 7w6. Or ISFJ. Merle ESTP CP 6 Negan ENTJ 8w9
yah
Ni. INTJ. I see a whole lot more TeFi than FeTi.
A correction: Alex from Modern Family is a 1.
Nicki Manaj ENTP? lmao
Since you are new, and don't seem to know an overwhelming amount, I have two things for you to read. Please read the first link first.  The first will help you understand a bit more about how the...
You quoted the wrong post.
I can see that as well.
An addition:  This is us: Jack ENFP 7w6-2w3-9w8 tritype Rebecca ISTJ 1w2. Kevin ESFP 3w4 Kate ISFJ 1w2 Randall ENTJ 3w2 Toby ENTP 7w6 Beth INTJ 1w2
Bones Cast and Characters | TVGuide.com
number 9 is evidence of Se to me, and number 7 and 10 gives me serious ISFP vibes, but ISTP is also a serious option.
Thanks everyone!
Never mind. INFP.
ISFP. probably 4, or 9.
Definite Ne user. Probably Introverted. I'd say INTP, but INFP could also be true.
Isfp.
I like all sorts of music, the only exceptions being screamo and death/doom metal.  That's a pretty great remix. Thanks for sharing!
True, true.
The link is in the post. Click the blue text.   Here it is again. http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/962538-bunch-tv-show-mbtis-enneagrams.html
I have a hard time seeing any Te in myself.
Don't worry, I did a Enneagram questionnaire.  Thanks for the input. I didn't see any Te in me either.
For some strange reason, opposites do really tend to attract, but it never works out. My theory is that being with your opposite makes you feel more whole, since they have the opposite function...
That's fairly shitty. It's no surprise that your parents didn't work out, being opposites and all. Hell, i'm surprised my ISFJ and ENTP grandparents never got divorced.
bumperooni
Thanks. I don't know why I didn't just search it..."


4711: 'Are entjs boring???? Yes, definitely with brainless type of people!
once an entj getting rage, you should be better off. Seriously! should stay away! hammer could drop on your head.
lol. what is this?? dancing chickens??? nice image!!!:laughing: My ENFP ex bf is good looking. to be honest, i like his complexion most for the appearance. he is handsome though. the 2nd most...
I find most ENFP men look good.
wear... nothing. That would be most attractive though :laughing:
that's what i experienced IRL. seems there is always a magnet from ENTJs that makes you guys INFPs attracted to ( and somehow being clingy too :cool:)
hello beauty!
thanks God! no lingeries around. :laughing:
you would be much much more hansome with short hair. But ...even then, you still are.
i have never cheated on my SO. sometimes the mind can wander, that's when the significant other has hurted me. Real red flag for ending the relationship.
agreed! Im a looker too. my weak point? a handsome, intellectual, humorous and talented man.:laughing:
whew!!!! my ex bf is not here :laughing: such a relief!!!
i have huge imagination, i can imagine how you can do that. interesting though.:laughing:
LMAO! you dark minded person!!!!!!! dont you say you are attracted to him sexually????:cool: IMHO, men should have classy look to attract women, or at least, it works for me.
this guy looks good. 7/10:cool:. but no classy look.
:laughing: unluckily, we dont have much. hence, we always find SPs are best at that.
i find this a very insightful post!
This one look brilliant too. You ENFP guys ( and girls) look really gorgeous ( just like female SPs and male ENTJs)
oh yeah. i guess i do have that weak spot, too:laughing:
Ah, handsome guy!
Whew, you didnt say  i recommended 2eng, it would be clearer:laughing:. ok just kidding. why do u think type 3 ENTJ is better compared to other enneagram types?
The ENFP's control is Taking charge of PLEASING the other partner :cool:  great though. Isnt this thread about sex???????? NO???? holly shit!:laughing:
Just words only? No pic? Pics means thousands of words though! post pic of you then, we all can decide whether you guys are good looking or not!:wink: But i heard that INTJ and even INTP are not...
How can someone mystype ENFP and ESFP? They are so different with each other like night and day! ENFP: NeFiTeSi---> belongs to NF group, idealist ESFP: SeFiTeNi---> belongs to SP group, hedonist...
i visualise things on mind, then write them out on papers, under charts, timelines, notes...( im visual type btw). i remember things easier by how i picture things out, and in order, in linked way....
Also, it's hard for other types to forget about the intimate moments ( especially when it comes to sex) they have had with us after seperating.:wink:
edit: no being dominated, but being taken care of the Fi side. If the other partner is excellent at something we are not, we are willing to let them handle it, and we can sit at the back seat,...
Yes.  And when they do, they must be definitely meaningful, with the appropriate person and appropriate time.
I think we draw to each other much often, due to the common Fi shared together. Fi- Fi is really a strong connection for romantic relationship. also, both are N types, hence, creative and extremely...
you r hillarious!
ENFP men are rare too, even INFP. I was in a relationship with an ENFP man- near to get married. extremely passionate, mutual understanding and belief ( we are all agnostic), obviously mentally...
well, there is a saying: if you can't keep a secret by yourself, then who else can do that for you?
yes, people are not completely defined by MBTI ( or any personality theory). Howeve, i dont think those theories are poor or vague. Because there is certainly a mean in researching for that. We learn...
lol. Nice experience huh? i always stay away from women gosships. Really dislike that characteristic from women at all.
I find what you said about ESFPs ( from what you HAVE SEEN) are totally true. Just for the outside, it is. But to me, we just know what kind of wood is made when you peel off the beautiful outside...
Marac, maybe you misunderstood. In real life, people dont drag their MBTI type along with them when they talk/interact to someone. For personality types, i appreciate people not base on that, but...
Ok guys, Last night i had a talk with him. And finally, i decide to permanently withdraw and move on. I firmly think that ESFP is absolutely not a suitable romantic partner for ENTJ ( or at least...
You nailed it down already.:wink: BTW, i think sex with N types would be much much much more interesting than with S types.
So obviously it means you dont hide your emotions at all? what you show is what you feel? What type of women do you ESFP guys find most attractive?, i.e strong personality/deep...etc...? Would you...
Yes, i think so. What comes fast will go fast. so i let what will be will be. I already step back and stay normal with him. If he is really interested, he will make a move and be determined. He is...
Thank you guys for replying! couldnt imagine so many informative replies like that! Though, i still have some more questions :tongue:   It's really interesting to hear that an ESFP man enjoy...
Ah, i understand. ESFPs are SP, as to Keirsey, they are so much hodonistic, adn absolutely not interested in abstract- thinking as of N types. That's the real barrier in communication between two...
have you guys ever dated any ESFP ? Would be nice to hear your experience.
So, that means  i love you= i wanna get into your pants. period?
everyone! thoughts? i notice that when people say these words so easily in romantic context, especially in the beginning of the dating stage, mostly they are not sincere. Do you agree?
yep. ur right.
That's why i said the test is pretty dumb! And even illogical too.
What? marijuana doesnt make you addicted? nor does it make your physical body/mind turns bad/obsolete? Think again! And speak again! have ever watched or experienced someone addicted? hmmmm Keep...
Even that, you would just have many horns on your head. Beautiful horns though :)). ( easy to ride anywhere she likes)
You love some kicks on your ass? :))'"


4753: 'I'm pretty sure I've seen the same study, or at least some with similar results. Also, there's some really good evidence that male and female aren't really a spectrum with one on each end, but that...
Until I read this post, I thought Chloe was your child or something. :crying: My bad. :tongue:  I just got back to the forum too! So it would be silly of me to welcome you back. But welcome back...
I think everyone has values. The difference is in how they act upon them. However, I have noticed that my boyfriend is less likely to act than I am when his values are stepped upon. However, that...
As a psych minor, gotta be honest, MBTI is bullshit.     How people express their gender is up to them. Defining what is and isn't masculine and feminine is stupid, because that varies per...
SkyRacerX I didn't respond to the list because I see it as pointless musing on a topic that I don't care about. How people define feminine and masculine is entirely up to them. You can't make a list...
This is a weird post. Just because you don't think people's oppressions are valid doesn't mean they don't exist. Saying there are other things that result in a wage gap doesn't mean we should...
I would like to tell mine. I'll try to keep it briefer than it actually was. :tongue:   Warning: cringe and feels (though he would say it's cute)    I met my boyfriend online in March of 2016....
It depends on what country you're in, but I do believe that is illegal. And she very likely would have warned you. If you're very concerned, I would call up the hospital and ask for their records....
Hm. I do feel as though there might be a practical limitation though - how far can the relationship go? I raise the question only because I've read accounts from people who are dating/in love...
There already is conflict. When I'm paid less for being a woman, that's conflict. When I'm called a bitch while my male counterparts are called assertive, that's conflict.   I don't know who your...
I think what's missing from this entire thread is the reasoning that 1) just because gender and sexuality shouldn't matter doesn't mean they don't and 2) you can't just ignore something that has...
Psychopathy is also highly genetic and has physiological components - psychopaths do not feel fear the same way the rest of us do, they have lower physiological responses to stressful situations (one...
Dear INFJ,   I'm glad you've enjoyed spending time with your dad, but I'm also (selfishly) very glad I get to talk to you for more than 20 minutes a day when he leaves tomorrow. I'm sappy and...
I can only answer from experience, though I would guess this has a lot more to do with enneagram than MBTI. I will say how I think this relates to the INFJs I have known fairly well.   1. Insecure,...
My boyfriend is an INFJ, and he came out of his (almost literal) shell to pursue me very straightforwardly. He told me he had feelings for me after about two weeks of knowing each other, and very...
Antiparticle I didn't mean literally an open door, but glad to know you're trying it out and it seems to work for you :)
I won't post a picture, but my boyfriend is very small. 5'5 - 5'6, 105~ pounds. Very slight frame, sometimes scruffy when he doesn't shave, cute big brown eyes!!, very fluffy hair because he always...
Copy-pasted from boyfriend.  When did you have your first relationship (<20, 20-25, 26-30, >30)? < 20, like 16...?  What do you look for in a partner?  Ambitious, fun, has a good sense of...
Usually about 8 hours, but this semester I've been getting closer to 7.
1. Don't be rude to others. It makes for a bad work environment and makes it difficult for everyone else to do their jobs.  2. Don't be unnecessarily detailed/focused on shit that doesn't matter....
I am newly cautiously optimistic about my job prospects. It feels like all my hard work is finally paying off. :)
Amazing, summer, relocation  alternatively   Successful, nervewracking, self-motivated
My boyfriend said he loved both of his first two girlfriends, and both of them said it back.   He says, I was more serious with B over A, but I think only because I was younger and more naive. She...
Quizlet Quizlet Quizlet. Memorize the shit out of that motherfucker. Read and underline the textbook the night before each lesson so that class is review rather than learning, which helps your brain...
Today I learned that even though forced networking sucks, at least everyone doing the forced networking knows it sucks, so I'm not alone. I also learned that I definitely should have gone to...
This was in the Office, and I'm pretty sure Pam let Ryan cheat her out of $50. Also assumes you 1) have a reliable way of earning money and 2) won't somehow lose money instead.   Also, selling...
My boyfriend said it to me within ten days of knowing me, but that's not really normal for him. I believe I'm the only person he says I love you to on a consistent basis, despite the fact that he...
My boyfriend is an atheist/agnostic INFJ.
My INFJ boyfriend doesn't like my two ENFP friends, so unfortunately I have nothing to offer here. I can offer my own $.02, which is that I like them because they are honest, often funny, and will...
I'll try. :tongue: I dropped about ten hours a week of an activity I was doing, so I actually have free time this year.
I didn't swear until I was 16, so I'm just trying really fucking hard to make up for it.
Really hate when people are dicks for no reason. I've been nice to you for years, mostly because I felt an obligation than because I actually felt an emotional attachment to you. Don't be a douche to...
He might already realize you don't talk to anyone else. But there's no reason asking for help would make him decide he doesn't like talking to you or doesn't want to spend time with you, unless it's...
Well, thanks. I try :tongue:  He's an INFJ. That was actually what our first conversation was about when we met on an online dating site a year and a half ago, because he had it listed on his...
AI is not actually artificial personalities, but merely artificial intelligence. It only ever knows what we teach it. Those movies about AI are highly inaccurate. They aren't going to grow...
Where do you banish yourself to? Do you have a particular deserted island you like to go spend an eternity of solitude on, or do you have to choose a different exile location each time?
I'm very glad my boyfriend found me before someone mean found him and snatched him up. He's so kind and thoughtful and caring, and someone could easily take advantage of him. :unsure: I still worry...
My boyfriend got back together with his high school girlfriend after they had a mutual break up, but their relationship was fairly casual.   In regards to your specific situation, I would ask her...
I mean, I did that... when I was 12. :rolleyes:  Not trying to be rude, but this does not describe me or the ENTJs I know or the ENTJs who all agree with the first post, and it seems silly to...
lol what
Agreed. Trump backed out of the Paris Agreement and has done a ton of other shitty things to the environment during his time in office. Here's over 20, and that's from May. He's done a lot more since...
When I'm not away at school, my INFJ boyfriend and I live together, and he's by far the best roommate I've ever had. We're both very, very clean, but also pretty casual about random messes and not...
My boyfriend's biggest competitions are with himself.   Let me explain. If he feels like he's failing at something, or like he can't succeed, he gets really frustrated, but he doesn't get over it...
Neurologically speaking, dreams are most likely the result of your subcortical structures producing random pieces of input, and your higher functioning brain places trying to interpret it. You may...
My boyfriend doesn't really talk in groups. He mostly listens. When he came to visit me recently, my newer roommates were shocked by how little he spoke. With his friends, he doesn't really seem to...
My boyfriend regularly flies across the country to see me, even though he absolutely hates spending money. But he both spends the money and endures the six hour flight there and back just to see me...
The fact that you've encountered it and perceive it as a pattern doesn't mean it is a pattern. We're pointing out that it likely isn't.
http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/f7/f7a5e5acfc5e88de76b775a8866a1fb2fcf1b64ba05c28da6be3d45e9a8cf1c3.jpg  It is kind of weird that her boyfriend says that.   My boyfriend and I do somewhat reverse...
:laughing:
Only thread I could find was from 2011 and a closed poll, so. If you went to/are attending college, what did you major in? Feel free to expand on what/why.   I'm a computer science and history...'"


4754: 'Usually when I am in a group consisting largely of morons and there is that one other person who isn't a moron.  I feel like I am being appreciated whilst not offending people.
OMFG my house room is dump & I'm a disorganized fuck!!!!
Less whining. More winning!
I tend to bet on sport as a form of making money.  If one has a rudimentary understanding of the sport they are betting on and are aware of how odds work, then there is money to be made.    The...
Yolo.
I don't let people guilt trip me.  I tend to be rational (who'd have thought?) and rationalise a way whereby me doing what they say would be wrong.  I tend to invoke the it won't be advantageous for...
I too am a young ENTJ whose only qualification I have as of today in my High School Leaving Certificate qualification.  However, I am in the process of completing a Bachelor's degree.    If the...
I am a man, so I will never understand the rigours of childbirth.  That being said, if my future wife was to ask me this questions, I would unequivocally say hospital.  I don't understand why you...
It seems like I am a member of the clear majority here as I do not smoke.  I like being productive and achieving what I want.  I can only do that by remaining healthy and for me at least I don't see...
I am terrible at being creative in an artistic sense.  I had a group assessment a couple of years ago that required artistic verve.  Needless to say, I delegated that task.    I tend to find that I...
I find that I rise best to challenges.  Therefore, if I set everything up as a challenge, I tend to remain motivated. It always helps when you have someone to challenge you, such as a gym partner or...
Well, this thread has been kicked up out of nowhere.  Whilst it is here, I would have to say my theme song is...   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhnSiRYPqpw
Dear life,    You have smacked me hard over the past month.    Get ready to be beaten twice as hard this month.    Regards,    Motivated Mav.
Small talk is a necessary evil.  I enjoy some small talk when talking to some people about something.  However, by enlarge, I don't enjoy it.  However, I do partake in it as I find it to be a...
I find that my driving is fast, aggressive and laced with profanity.  Although, I am rarely so aggressive when I am out from behind the wheel...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wln6NX0V4AQ&feature=related  Awesome opening melody.
I never make mistakes... ;)
I have two types of alcoholic drink that I almost exclusively drink: scotch and beer.   Whilst I like to try different types of scotch and different types of beer, I find that my standard drinks are:...
Thank you for that MsBossyPants!
This entire thing is a complete over-reaction and indicative of a lack of knowledge and insight by a vast majority of people.    Kony has been kicked out of Uganda, he is no longer a threat. ...
Just don't hit on 19 year olds.  That's a bit creepy.
Happy Birthday!    Age is just a number.  Keep living life!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7pv7sO5Gng&feature=share  I think I preferred Obama Girl.  Catchy though.
Yeah, they are great.  I would have put more up. but I didn't want dozens of Offspring videos hogging up the thread haha.
Yes, I often do seek out older workers and ask them about certain issues.  I find them instructive when talking about things like culture and how to fit in, how things are usually done.  I also ask...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2d3AqlKfXbE   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdEYIRyWx_M&feature=fvst   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isKj9RnC9NI&feature=related  I have been listening to my...
This thread about power is legit now that Machiavelli has joined us!
This is kind of similar to another one of my favourites which was nicely put by Sun Tzu.  To paraphrase, if you are weak, pretend to be strong to scare away attackers, if you are strong, pretend to...
I understand that is 14, but those are 14 laws that are always at the forefront of my mind whenever I am in a power type situation.    I can elucidate further when I get time.  Needless to say,...
-Become rich enough to be on a rich list.    That has been a constant motivation through my life.    The rest I cannot remember.  They must have been inconsequential.
Yes, I do want children.  As to quantum, that is a discussion to have with my future wife, but I would like to have around four children.  As to why, I need one to manage the empire and another three...
To start with, I have not read anyone else's post, so m reasoning could be the same as others.  To answer your question as it is stated; the glass is always full.  This is because, assuming this is...
I was talking of the auto-tuned part ;)  But really, I will cop that.  I was being lazy and didn't actually watch the video.    I usually wouldn't take my taste on Valentine's Day videos...
I often get asked this question and get asked OMG are you psychic?    I am neither. I am merely someone who thinks about a situation more than the average person and is able to join several...
Anger: I try not to show anger too often and for the most part I am successful.  I find showing myself getting too angry and too ruffled will only serve to my disadvantage in the long term as people...
My Valentine's Day song I posted in the Listening to ENTJ forum was slightly better than that song.  Just sayin'...  I mean, who doesn't want to listen to some Puddle of Mudd on Valentines Day?
Joe Egan and Gerry Rafferty were a duo known as Stealer's Wheel when they recorded this Dylanesque, pop, bubble-gum favorite from April of 1974. That reached up to number five, as K-Billy's Super...
Then moisturiser.  Then an anti-ageing eye balm, followed by final moisturising protective lotion.  That final protective lotion line cracks me up every time.
Given I am still in the process of studying and working a couple of jobs part time, I have no set daily schedule.  I do however, have a weekly plan worked out and stuck on the wall in front of me. ...
Chipps has my opinion nicely summed up.  Whilst I am nervous, I try and rationalise out of it by looking back at experience and see how I have managed to fit in to other new and daunting situations. ...
I think it is human to trust people.  Many people toughly say TRUST NO ONE, but very few live up to their sternness.  That being said, be judicious about how you confide in.  A rule of thumb I use...
It'd only be ENTJ dominated for a generation.  Certainly enough ENTJ guys and girls will hook up to create little XXXX's?    Then when the next generation takes over, everything that was working...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYE4CVhVkhw  Happy Valentines Day! :) <3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V92OBNsQgxU  Yes, I do love the smell of napalm in the morning.
Thank you all for your in put, it has scratched the curiosity itch that I had.    TheBoss, Empire of the Sun truly was a masterpiece, I concur with that.  Of the others, I have not seen Judgement...
I am pleased to see that I wasn't the only one stuck on the logic of moaning about the prices of software and then shooting the computer.  Numb skull.  Unless he used his super awesome part college...
That's awesome.
After recently watching Wall Street for what was probably the 100th time, I began to wonder, what films do my fellow ENTJ's enjoy watching?    Are you too a fan of Wall Street?  Did you like Gordon...
Am I the only one surprised that this thread is still going?
To people who hold out unrealistic hope, I use one of my favourite movie quotes: You can hope in one hand and crap in the other and see which gets filled first.    To people who sleep more than 6...'"


4768: 'Ah cool! Yeah, I'm not that knowledgeable about either one, but it's interesting finding out about them. I didn't know that the economy worked liked that for Eve Online hm. Homeworld sounds cool to...
Oh hmm :) I did a cursory google, and it looks a bit like Eve Online, which I tried out recently. Heard of it...? I think that one's created by an ENTj (my type). Does Homeworld have a pretty deep...
Aha, thank you! I like your icon! It's cool lookin. Does it represent anything?
Hi INTJ :D
Hi ENTJ :))
Hi MNiS!
Youuuuuuu ~~~~~  JK, I don't know you (?)
Welcome, Indiscretion :)
Welcome, INFP :)
Hello :)
Hi there :)  Socionics is sometimes cool :)
Regarding the literature bit: it was generally in line with the nothing wrong with looking at MBTI as a theory approach. Basically, I was trying to emphasize that although MBTI as it currently...
Hm, I just now wrote a relatively long post on this.  I pretty much agree with everything here said here, though I went more into the context of MBTI within the fact that psychology is a relatively...
I should probably add that I've taken a couple years worth of psychology courses at the undergrad/intro-gradschool level and done a little research on my own.  And another side note: I've been...
I was just thinking of writing up a post answering something along these lines.   So, what's the use of MBTI anyway? That seems to be at least part of the question that you're getting at. I have...
Jiro Dreams of Sushi:  sushi dramz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUIPOKOGIOA  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfeyUGZt8nk
Welcome dude :) Out of curiosity, what is your native language?
A newbie huh? With 37 posts under your belt? Guess that makes me a newbie too.  In any case: welcome :)
I know think I know what this was.
Hullo there and welcome welcome :)
Hullo there. I too like philulzsophy.  ..or do you mean philolzsophy?
Aw real life interactions can be fun..  But online can be real life funz too.  Welcome to da forum :)
Izn't he da beszt?  Welcome and ni hao bro.
Oh man Gorilla Munch cereal is indeed a vital gift. A delicious, delicious, vital gift. Welcome ubergeek :0  Woo boldness! Woo! Wooo! Woo. Woo! Woo....  Boldness.  :o
Welcome there :) And it took me a long time to figure out that the c8 was a smiley face.. :p
Woo.. spookiness... shadows.  Out of curiosity, what were the other types you went through?
Hullo there newbie!
Hey Danielle! Good of you to join us :)
Haha. Yeah, that was the first thing I noticed too. Except, I got kinda excited that they might have been about to ironicalley tipe like dis and den be lik wasup foolz  So then I could reespond...
'Aw. That was a cute intro. Didn't know if you meant it that way.  Anyway, welcome and maybe I'll see you around in the ENTP section sometime.  --ENTP person
Essentials seem to be there.  Welcome and maybe I'll see you in the ENTP section also.  --ENTP personlady
Hey tempered and welcome :) I've read that INTJs are the NFs of the NTs, so you might not be exactly off in feeling like you have lots of them, what are they called, emotions?  No, I'm kidding....
Welcome dude.  Yus, pokeymans are fun. pokeyman, pokeyman: The Pokeymans Project Will pokeymans or skyrims gets you the ladiez? Not sure. Though I do think I read somewhere that women who play...
Hi there :)  Well, first off, there's a forum section just for INFPs. You can access it by clicking the waving smiley face at the very top of this page, and then scrolling down to the Kiersey...
Hullo there. You're very outdoorsy huh?  Hope you enjoy your stay and maybe I'll see you around :)
Hello there and welcome! As a total stranger, unnecessarily chiming in, I'd say go for more education. :D
WOO!! Welcome fellow ENTP brobro. Though I'm not necessarily a stereotypical ENTP, but eh. Details. Deets.
Hullo there! Great to see you. Stop by the ENTP forums sometime --maybe I'll see you around.  Interesting research question. Among other things, did you have the four Bartle types in mind when you...
Hullo there.  Felt like I should write a bit of an extended comment here --just to leave my thoughts. First of all, welcome :)  Just try to take it slow. Getting in too deep in symbolism and...
My two closest friends right now are ENFJ and INFJ. I haven't asked everyone else their types, but I'm guessing that some of my past friends have been ENTP, INTP, INTJ, and maybe INFP.
Skyrim is fun. I went straight for warhammers and leveled up the two-handed skill, though I kind of feel like I should get around to levelling up other skills too. But brute force seems so much...
Mom: ENFJ Dad: ISTJ  Younger Brother: ? (INFP is my guess)
http://personality-testing.info/tests/images/BSRIi.php?M=3.7&F=2.8 Should probably also note that I'm female
Fool Tuxedo Mask...? Is that you?
http://www.geekfill.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/Giraffes.jpg
lol. hot n cold. no use in frontin. i diggit.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KD1NTfTF21I&feature=BFa&list=LLY7lWhfBPIpN1W4N0BvUT2Q&lf=plpp_video  also, the well oiled (industrial?) korean pop...
Anyone seen these?  This is me lolling with an intp homie. Apparently he is also the professor version of me. And wears clothes that just make me lol.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsX6ACR19bE...
Yeah, I remember that. That was really hard. I guess you get used to it though. I think I started to like it when I remembered to bring a glass with me.
Well in that case, I am taking an esp class. My mistake.'"


4783: 'I think he's just looking for affirmation because he likes someone and doesn't know if he's gay or he likes the type and wonders if there are any homosexuals. There's also the possibility that he's...
I'd say let them be and don't try to initiate something. Especially if it involves ANY kind of manipulation - it'd only make it worse. I get along with STJs at an okay level outside of my family, but...
No. Just no. Unless you have a shovel and a body bag handy for one of those nights which are to come...
No, I can't remember having identity issues... I can't properly describe who I am, but I have a feeling for who I am anyway. I have a personality and I'm expressing it to its fullest. When I was...
What? Why does it matter who's the first? Are you sure you're his first? How old is he? Because right now it seems like he wants a relationship with you but he hasn't been in any, and ENTJs tend to...
Being direct is the best way to talk to an ENTJ. Personally I hate indirect, it's annoying and it's a waste of time. You could just get over your need to be indirect and be direct for once - it'll...
...If people see you as intimidating and you don't understand why.
I love the idea of a debate (for the reasons mentioned by @MsBossyPants and others), however some people just purely piss me off. Most notably SFJs as they seemingly don't believe in facts. INTPs...
I bet his claws are deep in his skin. :cool:
They can be interesting until you talk for longer than 10 minutes. That's when it hits you - this conversation has been pointless for the last minute and it's not gonna change. The only solution is...
No. Not at all. I used to be a bit shy when talking to a girl, but I'm not anymore.
That's rare. I can't remember the last time I had full-on tears. Something that made my eyes water up... A couple of movies and maybe a song or two under certain circumstances. News - never. Someone...
LOL, quite a thread past the first page.  As for the first page... I generally get annoyed by ENTPs and they generally get annoyed by me. Basically because they're trying to piss me off because...
No.
Already done most of the things on the list, didn't work. I feel  like I want something tangible and real, not something that I can read  or hear. I've had too much of that prior to feeling this way....
They do not nor do they think I hate theirs. And yes, they are ISFPs, I'm sure of that. One of them actually shares something from time to time but to me it looks so on-the-surface that it doesn't...
I was speaking with an ISFP yesterday and he was going on about me doing so many great little things and I thought to myself: so what? they don't matter. they didn't last long, nobody remembers...
I've known one ISFP for months now - same situation. Another one for years - same situation. Another I've known for probably months - same situation. Should I go on? Unless the shell is decade-thick,...
You sound almost exactly like me - that happens to me from time to time (couch thoughts) and I also (for quite a while now) don't have much control over my future. It felt like reading something I...
DEFINITELY agreed about INTPs. Finally!   As for ISFPs... They seem kinda dull to me, most of the time. Rarely can I have an entertaining conversation with one. It becomes boring rather quickly....
Well, maybe not as much giving up as losing the excitement or something close to that... It's hard to explain, really.  It's quite ironic with ISxJs actually - they complain about it yet they say...
My whole life I haven't expressed my annoyance in short-term situations (waiting at the counter for example), as it changes nothing. Nor am I impatient most of the time in such situations, as I can't...
Who the hell raw eats tomatoes + butter? WTF?!
:laughing:  I have a friend like that.  She has the attention span of a cat.  She's easily distracted by anything and everything. Makes me crazy.[/QUOTE]  Oh hell, I hate people like that. I don't...
I'm gonna provide you with a sharp weapon if you're coming here to take care of people like that.
Joking part - yes! Sometimes people even see my behavior as condescending because they don't get that I'm joking and just having fun.
I sense sarcasm. People do seem to think that ENTJs are not very expressive, or aren't expressive at all. I've actually heard people telling me that, and today I've read it in another thread. I...
Why do people complain that they're tired every single day? Who cares? If you've been tired for the past 12 months because your job's hard, cool, doesn't mean you gotta cry about it every single day!...
Sure. Sometimes. If you can call all of this spontaneous. Some of these things sound like something I'd do to just solve it, instead of putting it off.
Her Fe IS a vampire! I actually said that today!  She is awkwardly faking the smile. How are you two getting along? 15 years is a looong time!    You look tired.
When you talk. Gestures, face, tone of voice. Are you?
Awww, thanks for vouching for me, haha!  Ah, you don't wanna hog 'em all just for yourself, eh? Hehe.
Messaged more people, let me know if anyone else is interested!
SarahBrave - indeed, thank you for your answer, it was a great read for my evening.
belligerent - hostile, isn't that what it means? I never come off as hostile. People tell me I come off as nice, yet aggressive.
I don't think I'm aggressive, but I do get told that my general demeanor is aggressive. The way I express myself. I don't know why.  Personally, I see some INTPs much more aggressive than me. They...
You sound a bit like an ENTJ, kazoz. At least like me anyway. ENFPs seem very warm and easy to talk to, they seem genuinely interested in what you have to say and they DO like one-on-one...
Just bumping, in case someone missed the post, since only one person expressed actual interest in a PM.
Not an INTP, but I do find ENFPs really cool. At least with the little exposure I had to them, compared to most other types. Especially in real life.  The cool part is that they're always talking,...
What would make you happy, when you're in that mood? Or maybe to not get into that mood in the first place? You sound almost as sad as an INFP! Hehe.
Well what else am I supposed to say, I wanna talk to ENFPs. My mind is incapable of working on another efficient and rational solution! :shocked:    Sure!
I would like to get to know more ENFPs in a more personal manner than forum posts, so if any of you are up for a voice conversation, let me know! I'm not up for recordings of any sort, I'm interested...
Sounds like you choose people you get clingy for really carefully, but you do get clingy about the ones you actually form the bond with. I hope I'm not off here.
INFPs seem to be from what I've read and noticed. Are you clingy? Do you get very attacked to someone? For example, I know 2 INFPs who are unable to get over their exes for a long time now.
Weirdly enough, people tell me that too.
kazoz I'm not really surprised, ENFPs are more people-oriented.
Self-explanatory - what would you have to be doing to feel like you're enjoy every moment of every day? I don't necessarily mean long-term. I bet it'd be traveling, being on-the-move, meeting lots of...
102. Thou shalt express your ideas with your actions, regardless of what others may think of you.
Nighty88 Goals don't necessarily have to be people-oriented.
That sounded like P/J play. Content is NOT good/enjoyable.'"


4786: 'My interest is alcohol, which I find robust and intoxicating.
Generally speaking, people do find it funny when I rip in to someone... but it's a pretty immature thing to do and I've cut it out A LOT in the past few years. That's more of an ESTJ thing to do now...
Foreveeeeeeeeeeeer!!!!!!
http://i44.tinypic.com/j6q2rb.jpg
I'm a billionaire with many lucrative investments in the nail polish industry; I need not talk to a plebeian like yourself.   http://i42.tinypic.com/ekpcue.jpgl
Yes, how I envy the need to pee sitting down and the monthly bleeding/mood swings.
What do lipstick tubes have to do with your ovulation cycle?
Well to most I suppose that would be an issue, however... I am quite skilled at slipping'in a little meat once in a while.   http://i44.tinypic.com/es21p0.jpg
In Frasier's voice: Well I can be quite seductive... you know... it has been said that only the greatest of loves can withstand the power of... a mcdonalds cheeseburger.
No... just stop thinking so much about it and spend your energy exercising. Exercise is good for keeping for head in check and with better health, you'll feel more at ease. If it's early on in your...
What? You ignore him and pretend to be pissed off?
Dr. Philip J. Fry suggests that the first step towards understanding your mental retardation is excepting your mental retardation.
http://i41.tinypic.com/2lj6oig.jpg
http://i39.tinypic.com/vevhgo.jpg  challenge accepted
Young fool... one does not simply JOIN the ENTJ forum. ONE must first complete a series of intricate tasks, each one more sophisticated than the last... TASK NUMBER ONE: Create a facebook page for...
no no, he wrote it about my day after he bought those lakers tickets and took his gf instead. He later found out that I not only didn't regret the douchey ditch, I appreciated it.  EDIT: ''not only...
Just wakin' up in the mornin' gotta thank God I don't know but today seems kinda odd No barkin' from the dog, no smog And momma cooked a breakfast with no hog (Damn) I got my grub on, but didn't pig...
No kidding, it was intended a joke, not an insult. I think ''missbossypants'' has serious control issues and hates when ''her'' threads don't go the way she wants them to.   Stop crying...
How dare you
What I'm hearing is your feet are sore from standing over the stove all day. Protip: fill the frying pan drawer with water and soak your feet whilst in the kitchen.
Lol, well if you were an ENTJ you wouldn't need advice on basic logic... if he is a bad leader you should have an easy time convincing others to follow you instead. If they choose to follow this...
Yes, any moment now Dr. Xavier should be bursting into my room and dawning me the next super-mutant king. Its getting kind of annoying...
Lol, on the contrary. Maybe I'm one of the lucky ones, because I've got about four friends (who I've known for about 90% of my life) that I can talk about anything with. TBH I feel kind of bad for...
This is all that one would need to do to fix an INFP child. BE A MAN.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2elfKEHWLH4
Ahahah. You want to hangout sometime? I'd love to meet someone this retarded IRL. What nationality are you BTW (not a racist question, just trying to get some insight in to his 'logic'). And why did...
The lack of grammar and apparent poor grasp of english suggests it is. I guess they bought a new computer for the community centre where he takes ESL classes.
Lol. Don't be a cry baby. You took 'humour me' incredibly literally... especially considering it's a colloquial saying. Perhaps you are some self-proclaimed ''maskedvigiliante'' who is butt hurt...
Sounds just like a moron who is trying to be funny. Probably didn't mean to offend you, he's just an idiot. Refer to my above post to the lonely INTJ woman. He probably just really wants to have sex...
Paraphrased: I was being a boring INTJ as usual. When he wasn't receptive to my blatant insults (wit), he told me to buy a cat and some yarn, because I'd surely be needing them. The feeling is...
Because of our warm and gentle nature.
Barack Obama was born and raised in a Chinese military bunker.
I am Canada, you many hey entp. to time entj hey but entp. you are debtor and not to be offence. you know now. it entf? it entp? hey? (sorry my Portuguese bad)
Upholding social tact is subjective. I. DEMAND. QUESTIONS.... :@
Don't worry about gaining ''our'' trust, worry more about losing it. I tend to fully trust anyone I have respect for, but if they lie to me or disrespect me it can be hard for them to gain it back....
Caught her getting coffee inside the school. She initiated the conversation by saying sorry but she had to leave for an appointment, she just couldn't say it before we had to be quiet. I caught her...
If you would have read my post more carefully you would have noticed I said I asked her to wait for me outside. She asked me if I meant outside the classroom. I said Yes. I didn't intend for that to...
Well hello, first time posting on your guys' board. I'm just trying to understand how an INFP girl might act if she is shy, or if she is disinterested (in a romantic relationship). I'm currently...
LOL  fan on all the time- check  music when on comp- check (in fact I listen to about 4-6 hours of music a day, headphones on all the time)  Not working in silence- check (always have a fan on...
Yes, but I think an ISTP would give off more of an ''air'' of those qualities. Whereas an ENTJ tends to be much more outspoken about them, which seems to ''irk'' people a little more.  EDIT: by...
Yeah this definitely sums me up. I hate when people call me delusional/arrogant because I always act capable and ''in control''. Just because I never have an ''I can't'' attitude doesn't mean I'm not...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcJoTREXxwU
Lol, I can't afford the surgery yet... your mocking is very unjust :C
Your mom knows how deep I can get. hur hur hur
Lol yeah I've been meaning to start this same thread for a while now. I don't get why other people can't talk at the same rate....
Your post starts incorrectly by leaving out the word ''been'' before the word ''doing'' at the start of your sentence... you're an ENTP.
I love you.
Well I can already do that... but it's my needs I'm talking about here.
The ability to voluntarily control ejaculation.
The good people at starbucks
Not surprising. I'm sure the OP is used to making people disgusted, and well, since he's an INTP he probably had no friends to begin with, so...'"


4794: 'I grew up with this movie - it came out when I was in high school - and I just watched it again today. What is it with all the intuitives? No, no, no and no. Most of the characters were sensor...
I'm pretty sure George V. Higgins was an ISTJ. He was my creative writing professor millions of years ago in the early 1990s. What didn't come across in his actual writing definitely came across in...
For the most part, I got along with my classmates in school, which I am beginning to understand is rather unusual for ENTJ females. Of course most of my peers in school were in the advanced classes,...
The debate seems to be whether Meghan Trainor is an ESFP (Se-Fi-Te-Ni) or an ESFJ (Fe-Si-Ne-Ti) - complete, polar opposites on the cognitive function list. I think the simplest thing would be to just...
The ENTP description pretty much applies to ENTJs, too, except we tend to run for office and volunteer for specific clubs for very opportunistic reasons. At least that's what I was like in high...
Wow, you are a hypochondriac. HSP is a Ni/Se or Se/Ni thing, and it's generally diagnosed by a professional. It means you're highly attuned to your five senses, you know, extraverted sensing. ...
Not sure about his tritype, but I'm sure he was an unhealthy Type 2, which behaves like a Type 8, extremely controlling. Another possibility could have been Type 9, which becomes Type 6 when the...
Why 7w8 and not a 6w7? The Joan was quite the fan of conservative politics and conservative politicians like Ronald Reagan and the bane of radicals like PETA. A 6 would make her much more likely to...
1. ENTJ 2. I must be pretty fast because I do flip the pages on my Kindle app every few seconds and I become aware of people watching me do this if I'm in public after a couple minutes. 3. Auditory...
SCOEI - SCOEI - Global 5 Type Descriptions
Touched a little nerve there, did I, my INFP friend? Does it bother you that you might have the same MBTI type as the evil daydreamer who painted postcards and lived in his own fantasy world as he...
I've never been convinced that Hitler was INFJ. He was definitely a Fi user. If you look at his personal obsession, though, it was architecture, and that is more of a hobby that appeals to INFPs, not...
Bruce/Caitlyn is an INTP. Everything about her smacks of the Ti-Ne-Si-Fe combination: the political conservatism, the being off in her own world, the general cluelessness about social graces, the...
PINK IS AN 8W7 ESTJ. PERIOD. END OF STORY.  Would you like to know how I came to this conclusion? First of all, it is pretty common knowledge that she is an 8w7, and that is a pretty common...
Oberyn is a total ESTJ because he is protective of his loved ones and very competitive. He makes a big show of doing things his way, but he is truly a Type 6 Enneagram and is willing to give his...
Agreed.  From Wikipedia: Hoover grew up near the Eastern Market in Washington's Capitol Hill neighborhood. He attended Central High where he sang in the school choir, participated in the Reserve...
1. The link has apparently changed. I found the quiz at https://quizsocial.com/what-tarot-card-are-you/  2. I'm an ENTJ and according to the quiz, I got:  What Tarot Card Are You? You got: The...
I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this, but since there doesn't seem to be an Ask an INFP thread, I guess this is the place to post questions? I'm kind of curious what your thoughts...
I haven't really bothered reading all 323 pages of this thread (in fact, I haven't read any), and it's almost three years old, too, so the characters have had more time to develop, so it might be...
OMG if you knew the history there might be more truth behind that than you realize! :sighlol:
There's always some IxxJ troll who feels compelled to educate everyone with a meme or YouTube clip from Big Bang Theory on these threads, isn't there? Have you made the planet a better place by...
One of my ENTJ friends from high school just did a photo op - apparently during a fundraiser for the hospice where she volunteers. It's on Facebook and there's a lot of cleavage in the picture with...
admin please delete
Everything I've seen online about the two being ENFJ seems to stem from one website online, which probably analyzed the movie characters. I've actually watched both the series in the 1990s and the...
I'm surprised no one's mentioned Cyclops or Jean Grey from The X-Men:   https://youtu.be/NyVPxQR7G3E  Another one - my personal favorite (as you might be able to tell from my avatar) - is...
So I'm thinking of three different things.  1. I had a boss (ENTJ) years ago who planned a trip to St. Maarten with his wife all by himself (this was normally a chore he delegated to the likes of...
Excellent advice. A friend of mine is a neurologist and said there are numerous studies to back up the Vitamin D3 thing regarding anxiety and depression. Make sure you are using Vitamin D3. It is...
I don't think it was an emotional response, it was that I wanted a reaction out of the other person in the first instance and the in the second situation I do get a certain rush out of destroying...
mod please delete post - duplicate
You're probably right... I also forgot about the HSP skewing the Se function. On the other hand... although the result is the same, my introversion level is jumping all over the place lately. I took...
So I checked my cognitive functions (I was pretty tired when I took the test, and again, it was not a highly acclaimed test, but one of those online ones) yesterday, and I seem to be slightly...
I'm going to go with 8w7. It's close to a toss-up, but I think the 8 is just a little more accurate and I did score higher all around on 8, 7 and 9 as well even if my highest score was a 5.
So I've been wondering about some things and I suspect I'm Te-dom. The thing is, and I know online MBTI tests in general are not that reliable, I consistently score around 92% on the introversion...
So I'm still confused about all this Enneagram business. My score comes up a what really ought to be a 5w1 or something, but what seems to be almost a dead tie between 5w4 and 8w7, but 5w4 seems...
Charlotte Bronte and J.K. Rowling were/are both INFJs.  I'd bet money on Mark Twain being an ENTP, personally. I can't put my finger on exactly why right off the bat, but his style just has that...
My impression is that Si is only used when an INTJ is severely stressed, hence the name Devil Si. The description above could be applied to something like dwelling on the past or flashbacks...
To my knowledge, they don't bring the pets into the office, but I'm not sure. I think they just have a lot of pictures and talk about them a lot. I could be wrong. I'm not sure what type of place it...
Wow, holy dead topic, Batman! I talked to an INTJ online the other day, who, after numerous grammatical faux pas that I overlooked because of some serious brain issues going on with said person right...
Hi. This is really not my situation. I have a friend on Facebook with an ISFJ coworker that she does not like very much. She has filled me in on the office dynamics and they are basic petty bickering...
Yes, that was a typo. My left hand isn't working properly lately. Sorry about that.
They also instigate fights and perpetuate friendships that should have run their course long ago.
Everything about Facebook, especially its pervasiveness in society. All it really is is the same thing as those annoying people who used to hang out at malls and pay you ten dollars to answer a few...
Ted Bundy was an ENTP, not any type of xxxJ. He was known to be an extrovert who would become despondent in jail if he could not talk to anyone for extended periods of time - it was exactly how...
It's a birth defect. I worked at a toy store when I was in grad school overseas and saw a lot of small kids come and go through the store, including a couple kids with the birth defect. (Their...
Since I can't edit my previous post, I decided to add a link on this one. Did I mention that I dislike enneagrams? This sums up much of what I dislike about them. And then there is the fact that they...
Like Blood Diamonds!
This is Spot, the adorable puppy I found on vacation in Costa Rica:  364826  Just kidding. I had a Betta for a few years, but he died and his picture was on my iPad. My nephew's cat is hiding in...
I've seen the reference online... I think it's awesome! We're such a small generation anyway and then 0.8% of the smallest generation...  364778
Through Facebook, I got back in touch with a friend from high school after a number of years. In high school, I was the one who was a little more brassy and obnoxious and she was the one who was a...
I  think we both posted at the time, so no one hijacked anyone's thread. ;-)'"


4983: 'Laura Roslin from Battlestar Galactica is a classic ENTJ. I loved her character so much. And Adama was an INFJ, no wonder they were an unstoppable power couple.
I remember thinking I didn't have enough information about what had happened to process it very well and then put it in context.
ENTJs respond well to facts so Google fat shaming leads to weight gain and a bunch of results will show up. I would link the article but I'm still trying to figure out how to use this site on my...
I don't either. It's so draining to deal with it. I'll pass.  But I'm also intuitive enough to know if I can get along with someone within about 5 mins so it doesn't take much time.
If the goal is to graduate then there's no need to reinvent the wheel. You'll run out of steam trying to correct everyone.   Be yourself and don't worry about other students. I also have a hard...
So you have one example, one that involves Donald Fucking Trump and you expect that to be compelling? Really?   Even if Donald Trump is an ENTJ he certainly isn't representative of them. So it...
An edited Taylor Swift bad blood, with no freaking rap getting in the way of the music...
There's very few people in terms of friends that I have a deep connection with. It's hard to find for me. I've just accepted that it will probably be more difficult to find a intimate partner. I also...
The only thing that really ever motivated me to study (in college) was getting a good grade and graduating. So maybe try focusing on that?
Wut? Next for what!??   Also.... I CAN TEXT GIFS!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! I DON'T NEED THIS WEBSITE ANYMORE! JK love you all....  No but really. :P  And My birthday was June 14th and no one...
Dear lord.. I just found this gif and I had to post it some where!!  https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/7130102272/hD53E7A93/
HA! Wow, maybe this is the one thing that binds all ENTJs together. :P
Damn it! I always hated hide and seek as a kid. I would give up and then go climb some trees. Maybe my dream guy is stuck in a tree like a little kitty and I have to save him!!! ERMERGERD!!!
Hey she can't control where in space and time she is in! That wibbly wobbly timy wimy shit is cray!
at last!!!!!!!!
Hey I can dream can't I!  http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ljt7ceQPEK1qiqs2no1_500.gif  ^Don't judge!
DAMN IT! You beat me to it!
NOOOOOOO! I still don't know what you look like! After three years of priceless witty banter and virtual tag team bitchslaps!
Eh go buy a strap on. Good enough. :D  http://www.beccahamiltonbooks.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/hell-yeah.gif
Two things.   http://25.media.tumblr.com/4e90b0e01d4dc637473c28045bd8b4bd/tumblr_mk95tk2go91qaitmuo1_400.gif  And ME TOO! Spread the word! YOU CAN'T STOP THE SIGNAL!!!
Is it seriously asking to much to find a guy that's smart, funny, attractive, educated, can get it up, isn't a jack ass, atheist, and a vegetarian?!?  Apparently so. :(
Aww shucks :D  Lol it's okay I already have my own copy of Tom Hardy. :D
The mighty morphin Tom Hardy specialty coming right up. :)
Why don't I just clone a Tom Hardy for you instead? That way you won't need pants OR panties. ;P
Maybe you're overthinking his overthinking about overthinking about ideal thinking......   http://anakegoodall.files.wordpress.com/2012/10/dsa-overthinking-3.jpg  BOOM SCIENCE!!!!!^^^
Bwahahahah! Do you want panties too? :P
I have missed derailing threads with overly sexual content with you. :D
http://gif-reactions.tumblr.com/post/26963837172
LOL no. But I would find you more attractive. Though I guess it might work that way for some.
Some women maybe way more turned on than you know.   http://yeshub.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/sapio.jpg  ^ I am one of them.
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lo8n81vz7m1qi93foo1_500.gif  Sadly it's true :( Maybe my spoon can fit in your bowl bionic  ...
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7jmc5qCMy1r3zat8.gif  ^^To all the assclowns   We are coming for you!!! :P
I did this for May the 4th this year! Yeah Its basically a holiday for me. That an Sept 20th brown coat day!!!  ...
Or with a spoon in them.... like my coffee. :p
Yeah and I plan to stick around for more than just a few days this time!
I'm so glad to know that the topics in this forum have stayed so classy.....   I'm fairly certain that all of that was to either brag or lie about how much sex you have had.   In any case when...
I missed you too!  http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ll4lb6vw1f1qk46kqo1_500.gif
Oh how I have missed you guys!
I'm not sure if you ever watched Fosters Home for Imaginary Friends...    http://i273.photobucket.com/albums/jj216/lilpimpendth/cheese.gif  But everyone loves cheese ^^
Got it! I will upload the edited one soon! :D
I went through something like this about two years ago. Same thing, didn't know her well, we would randomly run into each other, we got along and I would have loved to of have more consistent...
NOOO! It says that I am forbidden! :(
I didn't read it on the onion... But that makes so much more sense :)
Hmmm... I can. I'll send them to you via PM.
Gah! I read that Kim Jong-Un article yesterday.....   Just.. like what? So not helpful bro...
I just want to punch them all with FIRE!!
Well you know about the Supreme Court hearing te case to overturn DOMA? Facebook is basically I giant gay party right now. Expect for a few that... Well... You know rednecks and hicks, how I love...
Is anyone else getting pissed off about all of the bigots on facebook?
https://www.facebook.com/ajax/messaging/attachment.php?attach_id=dcf345848e90d211bf858c3db0dc7845&mid=mid.1364425828560%3Ae1db86db8505e08102&hash=AQAicE9w-A3MElat ...
LOL!! Very nice! :D'"


4984: 'I can really relate with this. If I don't understand something, I'll keep quiet and learn all about it when I get home. I think it is a vulnerability thing.
I am not afraid, but I'm very scared.  My vision is great, but it's awfully impaired.  I love with my whole head, and think with my heart. I believe people are unique, but I'll try to fit them...
First I would like to apologize on behalf of all the people that jolted you into one group and then into another. It can be very frustrating and some people kinda of look at this as religion.  MBTI...
I agree, INTp.
Hello everyone, I need your help.  For the past few months I've considered if I am possibly a feeler in a thinkers disguise. But I'm not quite sure. Honestly I can't help but wonder if it all has...
If you want to watch a ISFP, watch some of arose186's videos. She isn't into MBTI, but you can kinda see a ISFP in their natural state.
The main reason I put up the poll was because a few nights back I went out to eat with a huge group of friends, the night basically consisted of small talk, when I got home I felt like the night was...
I agree you, you can't force tand trying to sound deep or intelligent is stupid. For me I enjoy the brain stimulation. There's some people that it just flows with and others it feels really forced.
ENTJ, Female.  My casual style consists of ironic t-shirts, and knitted sweaters. When I dress it up I kinda like to look like I just stepped out of the 40's.
Totally agree.  Sorry, the poll is up now.
If you are hanging out with people and you don't have any deep or intellectual conversations does it bother you, does your time with them feel incomplete? Or would you prefer not to talk about it?
*sigh* yes...
Perhaps an INFJ came up with the title? ;)
Sounds very ENTJ to me.
Hmmm, could you possibly be an ambivert? Meaning you would be a XNTJ.  Though I have noticed the trend of NT's being unsure of there I or E.  The one thing that makes me think you are more I is...
Welcome!  I used to think I was a I because I didn't like to hang out with everyone I was very picky with my time, but with the right company I'm happy for hours.  So questions;  Do you get...
Here's my guesses.  Jennifer Lawrence. ENTP, ENFP, or ESTP Josh Hutcherson  I heard some think he's an INFJ? Emma Stone ENTP? Andrew Garfield-- Ellen Page IXTP? From what I've seen, which is...
Let me first say if he doesn't like you for you there is nothing you can do, don't change yourself,  that's stupid. I hate to say it but you probably wanna give up. Like someone else said on this...
True story.
As a potato, this is a incredibly fun conversation to read!  Anyway, yeah if your Fe is that good, it wouldn't make sense for you to be an ENFP, who had Fi.
I had this conversation the other with my ESTJ sister. We were talking about Damsels in Distress. After I explained what they were (using the old damsel tied to the train tracks cliche). We both...
Life is made of decisions. We can choose happiness or sadness, but in the end it was our decision.
I would say INFJ.
My problem is when I do care people don't seem to believe me. Or they think I'm feeling the opposite. Super frustrating.  Ummm what else?  Being unable to share how you feel with people easily. ...
8 Physical Touch 7 Quality Time  6 Acts of Service  5 Words Of Affirmation 4 Receiving Gifts  I think I used to believe that Words of Affirmation was second, but it makes sense Quality time is...
Are you saying you don't have a personality?   It's OK, it's a common problem in this day and age... ;)
Home by She and Him
I'm super confused and at my wits ends.  I believed I was a ENTJ, but I'm really not sure anymore.   The first time I took the the test I got INTJ, then my friend was convinced I was an E which I...
Mom: ISFJ Dad: ESTP Sister: ISFP (Though now and then I think she is an N) Sister: ESTJ Sister: ISTJ Me: ENTJ  For the most part these are speculations, most of my family can't stand the MBTI...
Yeah...all I heard  was that the f-bomb was used over 500 times in like 3 hours. That basically means people were swearing every minute, you literally couldn't show a clip of it to your dying grandma...
Finally someone else! I always had to keep my love for him to myself, because everyone made him out to be the character you were supposed to hate.  On a side note, I didn't technically love him,...
This is a sad one but; Sheldon Cooper. I absolutely love him.  There is another one (a better one) but I seriously can't remember it. I just know all my girl friends hated this fictional girl,...
Am I not humble, enough?  No, never. Sorry, we never are.
Totally get that! I actually do the same thing. I guess I have a problem when someone gets distracted by sometime visual, but getting mentally distracted is fine. :P yup I've got some messed up...
I have difficulties finishing things, unless it's for someone else..then I try a bit harder. People can be a really good motivator.  What I can't stand nor do I understand is when I'm talking to...
World map, solar system, periodic table, this tin copper colored sun that holds a candle, dried flowers (that I picked myself (forever alone)), a mirror.....I think that's it.
I really try not to...but yes I think I do at times.  Though sometimes finding out someone's type just confirms what I believe to be true..Does that make sense? Like there is one type that I have...
ESFJ's...   You guys are really caring.  Does that suffice?
Estp
Interesting, my dad is a ESTP and my mom is a ISFJ.
Yeah for a second there I was confused..  An ENTJ that can't speak his mind?....thought it was the end of the world. *phew*
I don't want power for the sake of power, I want power that can makes changes..
My iPad....he's really smart and he tells me everything I ask.
The answer is in the question.
I've never been good at math....honestly if you based my intelligence on my math skills you'd think I was an idiot. But I was also taught math by someone with a completely different personality, one...
Honestly I would like to be more reckless and  spontaneous and stuff.....but it drives me bonkers!
Seeing as it's been 4 years since you orignally posted this, did you ever make this magazine? I would be very interested in reading it! :)
I agree, people really like the idea of NT's but generally don't really like the reality. Which is sad cause I know some really cool NT's. I have found that male NT's seem to have a bit more luck...
I totally get what you mean, I'm so glad somebody actually  brought this up. I get told a lot that I'm REALLY smart, which sometimes surprises me, I think my functions set me up for some natural...
I agree with you. Do you think N's would value intellect more and S's would value intelligence more? Just food for thought.'"


5018: I just don't care anymore, I feel nothing. Perhaps I need a holiday to find myself.
Not really no. I'm the same as your friend
I think it's about time I let myself be vulnerable & enter a fulfilling relationship.   The romantic side of me has a void that needs filling.
I'm 26 and lived a good life but for some reason I am angry, all the time.  Finished High School then went on to finish University. Got a well paying job & moved out. Have plenty of close mates,...
For me, I just get busy & caught up with what i'm doing. The people I spent time with have a relation to the activities I am pursuing at the time.  I'll still meet close friends though, guess you...
Insecurities, this is an interesting one.  I don't know if it classifies as an insecurity but...  Feeling nothing. People can socialize & feel so easily. It seems like a huge task for me, is it...
Depends on the situation & there has to be a reason or end goal.
100% can relate.
I posted this, because for me... I am not naturally talented. However, through hard work & repetition I become skilled at what I pursue.   If I do have a natural ability though, it would be to...
What skills/abilities do you have that you believe make you great & stand out from others?  What do you think you could change the world with?
If you are talking about a serious relationship with the opposite sex...  I find it extremely hard. I've been dating around, but I just feel nothing, even after spending so much time with them &...
Finding worthwhile & genuine relationships are hard to find & maintain.
Which one do you like more? Why?
Depends on if you are willing to do it, to get what you want. You can't practice in the mirror. It is like punching a boxing bag, it is not the same as an actual fight who reacts to your actions. ...
I used to take E & coke when I went to music festivals/a good DJ was playing at a club. Not anymore, staying clean & healthy.  I don't drink as much as I used to.  I don't avoid sex. It takes the...
I haven't found a woman I would be loyal to recently. When I am single I am a playboy and I abide by it 100%. When I enter a serious relationship it, it is something I have taken the time to consider...
No, because when it happens I choose.   If you act angry & irritated over something so simple, you have no control.
I'm 24 :(
I'm still surprised you have 1,199 posts in a span of a month a few weeks.
What is evil to you?  How does someone evil to you act?
Definitely lust, not just for women.
I go to the gym everyday, swim every second day & do BJJ 3 times a week. I'm 24, my body & health are top notch.
The reason you failed the aptitude test is because uou lack aptitude. Believing yourself to be perfect for the job doesn't make it so. You should work on it.  I don't feel envy. Greed and...
My parents call me arrogant.
- In the scheme of things how important is it to ENTJ's that you behave/make decisions in a manner that is consistent with your values?  Extremely important.   - How important is it that others...
Iron man from the movies & Iron man in the comics are different. Which one are you referring to?
I'm 8w9.
Emotions are a tool to be utilized.
When put into a situation I have the cunning & resilience to come out on top.
A juicy woman that's looking sexy. Well-dressed & done up.   A bad girl with a feminine elegance to her.
Massages feel good after a long week at the gym!
1) Bored all the time, have to engage in self-destructive acts to feel alive.   2) Have to tone myself down for others at times or else they get butt hurt & want no association with me.  3)...
For me, adaptability.
When bored/people aren't too fun or interesting.  For me, social settings are a gym for socializing. If I am not at work or working on a hobby of mine then I am out for a good time & thrills.  It...
I used to put labels on myself. Over the years, fuck labels. I adapt to the situation at hand & know what I have to do/be in order to get the results I want.   Manipulation is thrilling for me.
I adapt to the situation. A wolf in sheep's clothing...
Depends on where & who i'm with.
You got burnt like a witch... I laughed. Some are too sensitive.   After reading this thread this scene came to mind  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ly1al4K3u2M
If she got her shit together I would admire & respect her for it.  If she turned her life around & we hadn't seen each other for a while... Firstly, we would have a sexathon. After that we'd talk...
Chess pieces.
This thread perfectly describes my relationship with some women.  Most likely, he enjoys your company & likes having you around. Something about you keeps you in his life. Although, if you don't...
I'm sure the gym will offer a trial period.   BJJ is human chess & ground work.  MT is striking.  Don't judge till you have tried. A lot of it has to do with how experienced & hands on your...
Tbh, I am bored most of the time. I seek thrill & risk to feel alive.  There are 2 sides. The career & work side, which is me adapting to the world in order for me to make $ & climb the ladder....
I'm doing BJJ & MT right now.  I was going to do MMA, but if you start with MMA you become a jack of all trades. I'd rather master/have experience in ground & striking before going into MMA.
Depends if you can make $ out of it.   eSports is becoming huge. I've made some money playing here in AU but not enough to be primary income.
The problem for an ENTJ isn't taking action, it's whether or not the investment is worth it in the long run. Priorities
My life is basically the sith code:  Peace is a lie, there is only passion  Through passion, I gain strength Through strength, I gain power Through power, I gain victory  Through victory, my...
Yes. All the time, it is my primary source of motivation.   I do not let my emotions get the best of me & burst out. It simmers. I used to walk the other path, but I find it too complacent. The...
I know I must be sociable to get far in the world because it is hard to climb & get far by yourself.   I often struggle to determine if I am an ENTJ or INTJ. I find that other people invigorate me,...
Link didn't work the first time...  Your Personality Your Result: Driver Let's do it my way.  Desire to have control.  Needs sense of obedience, appreciation for accomplishments, credit for..."


5056: 'what house are you? Lanister who's your favorite character? Tywin Lanister best storyline? Depends on the book or series, but I like Jaime's a lot. worst death so far? Tywin who are you most...
Thanks for the post. It was hard to relate to some of the examples (such as a theme park) because I like to change activities frequently and don't have enough of a habit to declare one theme park as...
I had the same problem... So I copied your response from the email and answered the thread.
That is empathy, if you didn't have it you would be a sociopath. I was asked a good question to see if you are more F or T... Do you do things becuase of a principle of what is right or wrong, or...
No idea why, but I can't access the last page. So i copied what i saw on my email and shall answer it here.  How absent minded am I? I don't know how absent minded other people are, but I can be...
I just thought of something, I don't know if it helps, but sometimes when experiencing situations I do tend to use movie quotes as a joke, perhaps showing my thought process.
So I read the articles, for children I couldn't identify with any of the descriptions. I can tell you that I liked Grumpy (from the seven dwarfs) because he understood things the other silly dwarfs...
How can you like editing papers!!!?  For the flaws I see in people's ideas, I see logical errors, how something could be used against us or simply giving an example on the idea won't work if faced...
Are there no big differences between the two ES/NFx that exist ? something a ESFJ would like/do that ENFJ would never do ? or vis versa?
I can relate to some of what you said (getting bored, not wanting to hurt people because of past experience, pointing out silly ideas, not liking people who argue on emotion) so I would say either...
Wow, lots of questions ! I shall try to answer them all.   The facts are very important to me, at least if the facts are important for a point to be made. Yes and no, I like to know who, what when...
Wow, lots of questions ! I shall try to answer them all.   The facts are very important to me, at least if the facts are important for a point to be made. Yes and no, I like to know who, what when...
Dear reader,  I have a very close friend who I don't understand. I am an ENTJ (i think), and I am sure she is not a NT type. I think she is a ENFx or a ESFx type, probably more J than P.  I really...
Well I would say you did not use Si to describe the bird like I would have. I would say the bird reminds me of m own bird. He has the same bossy grumpy, yet loving look on his face as my own bird. ...
The park idea was quite helpful.  The ones I most relate to: Ne, Te, Ti, Sort of: Se, Si, Fi, Not at all: Fe , Not sure: Ni - I can observe sure, I love making plans, but no way am I going to...
I just googled a picture of a bird, First things that came to mind. 1. I don't know the name of this bird. 2. colour. 3. Size. 4. Shape of beak. 5. reason why the beak is shaped so.  Now what would I...
I shall answer the second part first as it is easier. I wish to keep harmony because I had a lot of bad experiences when I was younger with people getting really angry at me, and it was 1. not...
I always know how I am feeling, I like to take care of my emotions on my own (i go for walks or runs). That said I do have a friend I am very open to, he is very empathetic, and it is good to get...
Oh dear,  I worte a huge thing and I think it didn't go through. I will have to sumarise: I write books for me, I want them to be published for admiration/recognition and to tick it off the bucket...
Test: i answered the thread but can't see it appear
Thanks, but what made you so sure ?
Hey ! thanks for your time. Here goes:  How do i have fun : I love playing tennis, playing computer games (dota 2 and any strategy game), going out to the pub and having a debate on same sex...
Thanks !
Thank you for your response. I really appreciated the time you put in your answer and the nuanced approach you gave.  Where were you able to learn more about the differences between types ? any good...
Dear Reader,  Thank you for taking the time to give me your opinion on my 'type'. I have been doing a lot of reading and tests and I always get the same results (mostly INTJ and ENTJ and sometimes...
You mean creating software products ? Any specific software field ? You got a plan (join a company, start your own ?) ? :)
You know this forum waaay better than I, I didn't even know we could do that ! :D (uninvite thingy)  First off regarding technology- I believe quality must always be applied before all else. But I...
Only saw this comment now. thanks for developing your arguments.   I wont bother about arguing for/against the computers, I find it useless and honestly don't acre about it.  I think research we...
QUOTE=Scelerat;3849928]It's an old Latin word that means villain, rogue or criminal.[/QUOTE]  Its latin for: criminal. it is still used in french for : criminal, guilty or wicked (scélérat)
Why please share your findings !
Can you expand on your thoughts ?  PS: I never did my exams with a pencil (I used a pen). The reason computers are not allowed is that not everyone has a computer and it would be hard to regulate...
I never thought about it, but yes. I became very argumentative with them (even more than previously). Also would study alone rather than with the class. (take exams sooner, studying at home)....
Hey guys,  I'm curious what do you do as a job ? and/or where do you see yourself in 10-20 years ?
Hey guys,  Just curious as to what your views on homosexuality are. The US loves gays today, what do YOU think ?   PS: Ninja for win ! :ninja:
Just let him be, if you are concerned talk to him, see what he says. I am sure he knows best.
Dylan clearly you have a very self centred view. Napoleon once said: 'it is better to be the ancestor than the person who inherits'. So to an extent he agrees with you, yet he also understood France,...
I understand what you are saying.   With regards to me, all my life I have learnt about the history of France, its greatness, and the part my family played in it (general under Napoleon etc), I am...
Simple really: social norm. I would feel a fool being the only student who stands, and I believe the professor would wonder what I was doing.
I'm in a bit of a rush so can't go too much into it. But my logic is as thus: A student is there to learn from his/her professor. There needs to be a sense of hierarchy and respect (as well as...
[QUOTE=Elistra;3845895]My father was my primary role model growing up, and he is an ESTJ.... this probably has something to do with it. When it comes to these sorts of Great Old American Tradition...
I really liked your post, very interesting. But I think you cannot compare the national anthem to standing when your teacher enters. One is based on the love of country, the other is needed to...
as not* only money
Exactly ! So long as you don't consider value as only money
Regarding tea path's comment, loved reading all those old quotes, I guess you were being sarcastic in your own comments.  To Elistra: I like what you are saying. I find it strange that the ENTJ's...
Aaah ok, sorry, I did not know. thanks for the information :) bt please tell me what u think of the rest of the post ;D
I have read all your posts and it mostly comes down to (excuse me for generalising) :  1. Whatever decision one takes regarding the conduct of society (for instance pupils standing up when their...
Hi guys,   A lot of you (ENTJ's) clearly state you don't like to follow traditions etc which you find pointless.  Now I am French and I guess a majority of you are from the US so there will be...
Hey fellow ENTJ's I noticed we were missing a joke page so here it is, feel free to post jokes you find funny.   I am still new, so cant post links, but try rowan atkinson and hell on youtube :)
Thanks for the answer, interesting about the SE NI TE and Fi. :)
Hi Thomas,  Thanks for the advice and took the test....It made me even more confused said I was an ISFP (which I think is the exact opposite of an ENTJ). That said I thought the questions were...'"


5111: 'They're living 20 years in the past, and you guys are living 20 years in the future. They like details and hate abstract theory. You guys like abstract theory and hate detail. They keep the status...
I'm listening to this ATM.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLmh6Qpa7iE
They? Well, I can't argue with Them.
I know many INTJs. They're fun to argue with. INTJs and ENTJs tend to like similar things, so it's not unreasonable to assume they'd be in the same places where you like to go.   If you want to...
Look up Darwin. He's pretty INTP, and he supposedly survived without a PS4.
An ENTJ with self-esteem problems... is that a thing?
There's only one letter that's different, and you're both Te's. Why the massive gap?
Those were pretty fun. You can create a whole mechanical system with those things.
You're guessing pretty well. I generally think in terms of what the effects of my actions will be in the long run, taking into account how exogenous variables will change over the same time frame. If...
Radicalism 88.5 Socialism 0 Tenderness 50  How was it tested?
It's hard to tell what type you might be without at least talking to you. You might get better answers if you post a video of yourself talking on youtube.
I'm not entirely sure why anyone would ask for relationship advice on the NT board. You're most likely to get some INTP telling you about the outstanding relationship he's had for the last two years...
Yes. 18% SP, 30% SO, 18% SX. What's that mean?
The pig was surprisingly cooperative. I can't tell what his mbti is though.
I just took the variant test and got 18%,30%,18%. I'm not sure what that means.
I'm not INFP, but I'm indifferently, yet observably contumacious/overbearingly rebellious, particularly with school administrators, teachers, police officers et al when they blindly follow the rules...
It isn't just INTJs. I either make no eye contact, or BRUTAL eye contact. It makes a casual conversation look like a fierce battle.
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win. -Sun Tzu
Since theories are based on empirical understanding, and empirical information is meaningless without a theory to explain it, I doubt you'll ever find a theorist who isn't also an empiricist, or vise...
When you say the resources does that mean I can use any resources? Fine then. I would use my mind controlling powers to force everyone to do my biding. Life gets very boring after that.
I can translate INTJ into ENTP.  INTJ: Is she an INTP? That may explain it...  Translation into ENTP language:  I've noticed that many INTPs speak in an encrypted way that often causes...
What is it exactly that makes you think that they're weirded out? I'm assuming they don't exactly stand up and run out of the room screaming.
You aren't creeping anybody out. I don't know why Fe's always think they're offending people.
Plato (an INFJ) believed in a world of forms, and said that the objects that we see are mere projections of the perfect items that can only exist in the mind of the demiurge. Aristotle (an ENTJ)...
You write like an Fi dominant. For one thing, Ti doesn't generally worry about what additional understanding will do for them, or how they feel about truth. They just care about how and why things...
It's odd that you all just created spin offs of my post. Clearly this thread is correctly titled.
I think it breaks up further than that. Ti dom thinks of what words would best express the message, Fi dom thinks about how the message will affect the recipient, Ni dom thinks about how best to...
No. Is this fluttering some sort of cardiovascular disease?
Do you think a car would go faster if the engine stalled? Is there any logic behind your question, or do you just enjoy wasting time?
I once gave someone a complement to make them feel good about themselves.   ONCE!
I never said it was an insecurity, I said I don't care. I don't control it, so it isn't worth thinking about. If they liked me more, it would make certain elements of my life easier, but there are...
The only opinion about me that matters is my own. I don't have control over other people's opinions, so why should I waste my time worrying about them? Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, and...
I figured the title would attract ENTJs, while the forum group would attract ESTJs. At the same time, a thread on an ESTJ forum labeled get to the point isn't likely to get many non Te's, so I...
This response was never actually intended to be posted. I wanted to delete it immediately but there is no option to do so.
ESTJs follow conventions set by ENTJs. They have no minds of their own. Maybe that's why they take orders so well. I could probably tell you guys to fill out massive forms in triplicate, and you...
As Te's do you guys also get irked when people tell you long winded stories that have no conceivable point to them? How do you respond to that?
I love how ENTJs are always kind and caring of other people's feelings! I love how we always drop everything on a whim to be better friends! I love how we ride sparkling unicorns through the...
@ Tom: The members of the state have caused you to sit idle as a waste of human capital. You say you are happy with your welfare dictated by others? How can you call yourself an ENTJ?
Current: Working on an undergrad in economics Future: I have 4  major plans, each of which has been well thought out over the next 10 years, with contingency plans for several stages therein....
Do those same objections not apply to friends and family? You can make the same arguments for any kind of relationship. The problem with that argument is that you are only looking at the cost side,...
1. INTJ 2. ENTJ 3. ENTP 4. INTP 5. ESTJ 6. ESFP 7. ISFP 8. ISTJ 9. INFP 10. ENFP
I'll be blunt (even for an ENTJ). INTPs are the only type that I wouldn't dump within a few weeks. Feeling types are a waste of my time. Yes, I can get them to eat out my hands, but if that's what I...
While I am pretty talkative, I don't think I'm an extrovert. I get bored talking to some people very quickly, and often shut people out so I can get more work done without the distractions they...
There aren't just 16 types of personalities, there are over 7 billion types. Moreover, people can change their personalities, it's just difficult to do so. ENTJ describes my personality as well as...
I find this more useful. 57527
It might be an NT thing. I can't stand it when people talk to me like that. The general responses to I love you are as follows:  ENFJ: I love you too!  INTP: uh... but, well... I... um... It's...
Consider the logistical benefits. Why should I move when everything can instantly be brought to me?
I'm a loud mouth in an expensive suit who just smashed through her wall with a sledge hammer, and she just sits there.  Oh! You're a Jedi? I'm Darth Vader. I'm pretty sure he was an ENTJ because he...
Great. SO I'll just break into people's houses, and see if I find anyone hunched over their computers lol.
I don't have any problem approaching INTPs. In fact, I try to figure out if women are INTP while talking to them. For some reason, I can never find any actual INTPs. I assume I'm looking the the...'"


5122: 'I once saw a video explaining this to some degree. The numbering is actually intentional, but I only know up to 3. Type 1 stands alone, which goes along with the idea that it's up to them to make the...
I'm 3w2, gay, Catholic, Libertarian, and oppose same-sex MARRIAGE. However, I voted that I was in in favor of it because I support Civil Unions. I don't want to get married and if I did I would marry...
My ideal life is the one I eventually intend to lead.  I want to move back to Italy and be a doctor. I want to have a moderately-sized flat with a 6 figure salary. I want to have a good SO, maybe...
Type 1 Type 2 Type 3 Type 4 Type 5 Type 6 Type 7 Type 8 Type 9
@mushr00m @Boss @Swordsman Of Mana Thanks for the kind words, lol. I wasn't being serious though, it was meant to be a sarcastic comment. I keep forgetting that sarcasm in my head doesn't necessarily...
Yes and no. When I first learned my type in High School I thought it was pretty negative and 3s were put off as the fake people who just want to get ahead and climb the social ladder. I wasn't very...
I'm looking forward to it as well!
I'm actually working my way through it now! So far I really love it. I'm a slow reader because of the little time I actually have for reading. I'll get back to you either when I've finished or...
SO: 45 SP: 41 SX: 22  I'm SO/SP, so it seemed to have worked out nicely for me. Very nice questionnaire!
I'm a 3w2 and in Gryffindor so I guess I agree with your conclusions! I did originally relate to Ravenclaw, but just because in my group of 4 friends all the other houses were already taken.
Sorry, I should have stated that I was joking in my original post.    If you wanted to win something, then I'm sure you would care where your ranking is. A lot of things in life that you may end...
Oh, well tell me how you really feel.  The idea that I always win by default is something that I share with my younger cousins, most of whom are ages 9-14. It's a joke. I know I don't actually...
I let them win sometimes..! We have a rule among us that I always win by default so even if I actually lose I've still won. They take my competitiveness in good spirits... I hope.
I don't really understand what you're asking, nor do I think you really understand how this works...  Your MBTI type is individual of your Enneagram type. Some types might occur more frequently...
378, I am extremely competitive. I would give myself a 5/5, but even up to 6/5. Not coming in first place is the worst thing in the world to me. Coming in second is even worse, I would rather come in...
Hello! I'm a 3w2 7w8 8w7, so a Mover and Shaker archetype. I'm not sure what else you were asking for in your OP, but if you have any other questions I'd be happy to answer them for you.
Disingenuous, Single-Minded, Emotionless, Aggressive, Cold, 'Sneaky Little Brown Noser With A Hidden Agenda'.  ...But I'm a really nice person!
Heart: 80% Gut: 15% Head:5%  I mostly rely on fluidity of image for any situation that may arise, but if that fails I pretty quickly switch over to my gut and anger to get things done. I can't...
SO/SP 3w2 (or SX/SP 4w3 - under reconsideration), tritype 3w2 7w8 8w7 (again, under review)    I usually look for strong, opinionated people. People with similar interests to me who enjoy having...
Welcome to PerC :D!
I mean you would have to ask a 7 about that. I kind of expended my knowledge on 7s up there :confused:.  As for your questions, I'm motivated to be successful, not necessarily motivated by success....
It's type specific because each type uses optimism differently.   You said yourself, that it depends on objective. A 3's objective is to be successful, therefore if optimism leads to success I will...
Welcome! Always nice to see a new, fellow ENTJ (which is what I'm assuming you meant by Executive) join the forum!   Enjoy the forum :).
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDc6dIZ4x0w  Definitely an...interesting take on giving a glimpse of what 3s are like lol.
This is specifically at my fellow 3s, but any other types can answer if they so choose:   Have you ever felt the desire to try and type yourself differently? To prove that you're not a 3 (or...
1. I think that 8s are probably most realistic in their goals. From the 8s I know in real life, to the 8s I've read about here, they all seem to have their feet on the ground. Although as a 3 I feel...
I agree with you for the most part, but Anne Hathaway definitely deserved her Golden Globe. She was incredible in Les Misérables; she saved an almost completely unbearable movie. Her portrayal of the...
I'm a 3!  1. Veeeeery aware. I always need to know what image I'm giving off to someone.  2. Shame is failure to me. Feeling shame is feeling worthless. If I don't succeed, I feel like I've let...
There's nothing wrong with acting differently around different people. Not everyone is the same, and they shouldn't be treated that way. It doesn't make one fake to be the best person that someone...
I think it's really interesting to see that the majority of the 8s who've posted on this thread have referred to themselves as realistic, rather than optimistic. Maybe when it comes down to it,...
I think our 3 positivity is different from that of the 7, even though it's used to compare us to them. 7s are, from my understanding, positive because that's a means to happiness and an avoidance of...
I originally mistyped as a 7. In my 11th grade religion class we had an Enneagram course, and as my teacher went through each type I immediately knew I was a 3. However, once he got to 7 he said...
I agree with you, especially on the pragmatic optimism part. I believe that success can be the outcome of almost any situation that one finds themselves in, if one can remain positive through it....
I'm a 317, so none of the above, but my sister is a 279, and my mom is a 945, and my dad is a 135, and I definitely see all of those triples in them.
Febe Swastikas and elipses will be the future of freedom of expression.
Thank you all for all of your input! I'm also pretty sure that I'm an ISTJ, so I guess that your wish has been granted MuChApArAdOx!
I took the quiz that LittleB81 sent me and I also got ISTJ, which has been the primary type I've been typing as on every test I take. My primary function was Si, followed by Te, Fi and Ne. I also...
I thought MBTI was Myers-Briggs...? I felt the same way about this questionnaire. I don't really care about finding my type, I just figured I might as well fill this out, although the questions were...
I'm going to do my best to be honest. I'm between ISTP and INTJ and ENTJ and ISTJ and INTP and ESTP...I'm really confused.   1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type? I'm...
But I thought I had the right to expression? If I want to show that, I can.
I'm not sure whether I respect your conviction in someone's right to self expression or am horribly confused by it.  I'm pretty sure a swastika could be an intentional emotional assault. I know...
So if I were to have an offensive avatar, for example a swastika, and it were to offend other people, you think it would be mean for them to block it due my right to self expression?
What does each color represent?
Wait why is this a joke? Isn't that the only way to screw in lightbulbs? :tongue:
If she's not into being loved then she may not be a 3, because 3's also wanted to be loved for their accomplishments. What would you say motivates her to do things? Saying she can get any guy she...
Has she explored the possibility of EVERY type?
Do you do all types of dances or do you specialize in a specific genre?  Oh, and welcome!
@Wake Why don't you think tritypes are valid?
Thank God, I can finally block your avatar! It's been bothering me on these forums for so long, I'll never be plagued by it again!! :P  Haha, just kidding. Nice find, and I actually really like...
Sayonara I love this Sir Critique a Lot you mention so much. He reminds me of my good friend, Madame Do-It-Better-Next-Time.'"


5125: 'Some boyfriend he must be. Insecure much?  ;)
Wonderful classics until Leto starts the worm transition. From there my interest began to fade.
The ENTJ women I have known have all been quite feminine, unless you mean to imply that assertiveness, confidence, intelligence and accomplishment are manly traits, then they have all plainly been...
Wishing for or celebrating the destruction of anyone's property in disasters of this magnitude is shrill, mean-spirited and out of line.  Karma is a bitch as well.
+1
At the time, my commute was an hour on the bus, each direction. I noticed a lot of women were reading the books, especially the first one, but they tended to conceal the cover with a magazine or...
Major: Broadcast Communications  Minors: Psychology, Sociology, Philosophy, Anthropology, Theology  (That was a while ago and I was on the 7+ year plan)
I'm a hugger.
https://i.imgur.com/5I1MuqS.jpg
I'll sponsor all the hurricanes we can drink, as long as they are served properly in the correct glassware with little paper umbrellas.  We have standards people...
He'll tell you.   /end thread.
Belle and Tinkerbell for me. Not sure on types.   I like that Belle is not a helpless Disney Princess waiting to be swept off her feet.  Tinkerbell, well, who could resist?
Sounds legit!
I was going mention the licking part, but then it occurred to me that I also do that if they look delicious.  Had not considered the leg humping approach. How do you think that will work at the gym?
Thanks! Checked in from the road, even posted a few times, but it was hit and miss. Home for a few days, then semi-international travel for the weekend... hahahah  Buddhism is more properly...
To clarify, that is a sectarian thing. Afterlife, reincarnation, nothing, unsure, who cares?, meh? are all valid responses from a Buddhist when asked what comes after.
I'm currently working on a project that requires me to study ambiguity in language patterns. I found a book filled with great examples, but as I read them I found that they are like fingernails on a...
My compound is far enough out that I don't usually see the city smog, so it's strange to see haze and an obscured, orange sun.  I've got a whole house air filtration system, so it's not bad inside,...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQMbXvn2RNI
Nearing 100* today and choking smoke. Truck looks like it snowed overnight from the ash settled on it.  But you haven't answered the question. How can I tell if I really like you?  :P
Don't wish your life away. You'll get there when you get there.
Truth in advertising.    To be expected, but it's ALL potential under the age of 25.
I can vouch for Jake. He's a bit car obsessed and mildly girl crazy, but that is the age. He's a great student, a stand up guy and shows long-term potential as a decent human being.  He's far less...
Tell Christian to keep his shirt on, he's too two-dimensional and needs the shirt.     Seriously. I just flex and mine splits down the arms and chest. Amateur.
But how can I tell if an ENTJ really, REALLY likes me?
All yours. I have plenty of those too.
It's just advice. I've got lots of it. Take it, leave it. It makes no matter to me. I wouldn't be giving it if I didn't think it was correct, so whether you follow it or not doesn't change the...
Either way, I win.  1. You take my advice and all ends well. 2. You ignore my advice and even if I don't say anything, when things don't go well, I know they would have if you had taken my advice....
Even when I couldn't stand the subject matter I enjoyed any class where the teacher plainly wanted to be there and plainly enjoyed the subject matter. Enthusiasm and attitude make all the difference.
Does not correlate to anything I have seen.   Duo called this one, that sounds like things I have heard from the INTJ side of the house. We ENTJ read body language as part of our handling people....
Dear Gamers,  I don't normally wander into your haunts. But today I was invited to go to a game store with a gaming area and an arcade/pinball hall in the back. I have only the vaguest conception...
I can only speak to my culture, but in my culture what you are describing is a red flag.
Nor me.  A little vulnerability is a nice thing, but were you to blurt that out in my practice, I would refer you out for an evaluation and decline to work with you again. I would have grave...
Desktop Wallpaper>Solid Colors>Black
Dear INTJ,  Begone! Before somebody drops a house on you, too!  -ENTJ
I will defer to those who are much more qualified for this exercise, particularly the ENFP themselves. Perhaps someone will recognize themselves in your description.
Exactly. Control is boring. Balance is where it's at. If you imagine that each partner is on one arm of an old-fashioned balance beam scale, the further one moves from the center, the more the other...
Just wait until you hear the one about the two star-crossed lovers from Verona...  Two households, both alike in dignity, In fair Verona, where we lay our scene, From ancient grudge break to new...
The song remains the same.
Unable to resist the urge, but keeping my eyes carefully shielded beneath the brim of my hat, under the pretext of patting my horse on the flank, I glance back and am pleased...
Dear INTJ,  Why?  Seriously? I hate to be the one to have to tell you this, but you are b*t sh*t f*ck*ng cr*zy and I can smell it coming off you in waves.  Again, no thanks.  -ENTJ
T'was not a commentary on your fascination, rather more a reminder that you have plenty of hard work ahead of you.  Upon my return I would be greatly displeased to find that you had been distracted...
I find this image to be quite pleasing. You have done well and I'll not forget.   I have business to attend to that wouldn't interest you, but I am finding that the stables may require more of my,...
My impression of you is well and good, so I am willing to grant you wide latitude in the discharge of your duties. Thus far I have found your choices to be amenable to my tastes and preferences, so...
Well, it's up to you. You can have the pillows or the caned chair at the dinner table. Oh the irony.
Dear INTJ,  Nope. Just nope.  -ENTJ
/me checks Amazon and is disappointed to see these pillows doesn't exist (at least there).  That would have been an excellent addition to the playroom.
I AM working. ;)
Just one of the flock...
I said meet, not eat.  For now anyway...'"


5142: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6v6HlbPvsKQ
Ssshhh don't tell anyone.    http://onlypositive.net/image.axd?picture=2011%2F5%2Ftigers-kinda-kiss.jpg
Lol. I figured manipulation has a negative connotation to it. That is why I also put influence in there. I have seen ENFPs use their skills by means of manipulation (negative) and as well influencing...
ENFP's are prone to use manipulation/influence through using feelings. You know, make people comfortable to open up, share intimate stories etcetera. This goes much easier with people who have a low...
Isn't sex an expression of love to him? Is it to you?  I have ENFPs in my life. Quite different ones, males, females, healthy and unhealthy.  So far I have witnessed an essential difference...
In general: I like growth in a relationship, from both sides. Stagnation kills. The description of personalitypage on lover relationships does it in general for me, with some nuances on leadership. ...
http://behappy.me/picture/adaptive/54346?product=canvas&p=1    https://38.media.tumblr.com/6bdd1f893e69867adaa7e59c826a8d37/tumblr_nekmnfTrDc1qakgn1o4_500.gif    Seriously, you are welcome.
Yes, there is the possibility that unsecure and secure bond. From there, the secure attached can move towards the unsecure attachment, or the unsecure can become secure. Research has hypotheses that...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrG4JnrN5GA
Yes. The Fe dominants tend to feel misunderstood and disrespected when they are not emotionally met. It seems to me that they feel personally attacked and will attack your character for it. I...
ientipi  Thanks for sharing. That is just amazing. Especially his final jazz performance.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxSaI9xNgIY
You are welcome.   Ah very insightful. I understand that any type needs motivation and realization to get out of the rug. One of their incentives may be that they will be unable to achieve their...
Thanks for your reponse ai. You sound like a very healthy ENFP. While I agree these are generalized and stereotyped, I hope to find answers for the intention of those behaviours to understand ENFPs...
Thanks for your question. My interest is insight. I do not understand the page. The intention, the motivation behind the behaviour.  Ehm, I am not responding to your second question, since it is...
I do not understand this part of the personality page of the ENFP. It is about the problem areas.   - May get involved with drugs, alcohol, or promiscuity, and generally seek mindless experiences...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3VjaCy5gck
As researchers we record interviews. I got shouted at in one interview as the interviewee was joking: WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS INTERVIEW?! Scared the shit out of me.  The nice part of this all is...
I think the discussion is over. The subforum is at this time a good first step towards more structure and a culture shift.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdzI-191xhU
You caught the joke. Let's share a cookie.
If that is possible, than I would advice that. It is indeed much more efficient than merge and remove replies.
http://personalitycafe.com/entj-forum-executives/57362-entj-relationship-advice-column-post-your-questions-here-340.html#post11822106  Thats the problem. Too much of relationship questions being...
Alright, this is not only related to a special snowflake, but also to any other person who is unaware to the sub-forum rule of posting advice/relationship issues in the sticky.   That being said, a...
My template for individual assigments is:  - Goal - Brainstorm - What ideas from brainstorm are pragmatic to the goal - Execute - Evaluate - Revise
Ne.  My Ne is also quite developed, but needs to be forced (AKA brainstormsessions anyone?). I tend to use more Ni right after each Ne statement, like immediately: is that practical? If that makes...
Thomas60  Yes to your deduction of the process.  I agree also with your regulation thoughts. The social reward could be that there are more replies from ENTJs. We have to discuss this with the...
Thomas60  Yes. We could suggest that and hope this can be implemented fairly easy. Who has the highest effectiveness to get the thing implemented IYO?  Furthermore, the culture has been like...
I see that is a perspective the ENTJs have. Although it is like saying: hey this room is chaos, but do not clean it, nor prevent it from clutter, because you have an issue with the mess.   Your...
Close minded, judgemental.
Asking advice on how to deal with the relationship questions to all ENTJs here. Since we have people still not able to find the sticky, should we not make a meme? And if so, what picture and text? ...
Is that CPH4 from Lucy?
Step on the gas. He should keep speed until he is able to reach the safety lane later.
Argh, that would make me cringe too. So you would say there is enough passion between you and the questionnaire is at fault?   Same question for you bossy
Lol, skittles. You are funny. Also, good points.  I agree with the redundant hierarchy introduction. I can only see a pragmatic benefit to a relationship with commitment, intimacy and passion....
Hahahah. Well Canis, time to develop new... skills.  On a more serious note, is this the way these days to tell a guy you want to run away with him? What happened to that?!
I think this model is merely trying to grasp a piece of reality, instead of becoming a theory of.. everything. Until another better model comes forth, this does great. That being said, do you have a...
Let's not question your friendship with her.   The first step is to state your feelings about her behaviour to her. She is your bestie, so I assume she will try to understand them. Then, propose a...
The theory caught my eye when I read my psychology book. It may present a good insight for ENTJs or NTs for that matter into their interpersonal relationships. From friends to SO.   The theory...
http://memetogo.com/media/created/0ampkw.jpg
Ehm, you mean I am the ONLY one competent out here?  Thanks for the champagne. What are we celebrating....?    Ah that time a year... ...
Seeker  Congrats, you did it! Keep it up.
So I am gone for a week.. I come back and there is a ban, multiple infractions and drama on the forum.   Not sure if FOMO or glad to have missed drama.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARgdBb2Go0w   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpmILPAcRQo  Oh.. those years of dance I had.
Yeah good. What are the three best lessons you have learned so far?
7-8 respirations
@thomas60  Grats mate!! Send me the pics too. Curious!
Meh, idiolizing and obsessive behavior sounds pathological to me. You do not mean those things in a pathological way and I do want to emphasize this.   Now, I indeed find characters intriguing in a...
Better late than never. CONGRATULATIONS. Did you get toys for your porsche?
Logically, what is the problem since you both have made up your minds.   Regarding him staying friends: he still has feelings for you. Strong ones. He needs a reset from those, and the ability to...'"


5166: 'So, no rebuttal to my argument, just an insult.
Hope it goes well.  Good luck.
:Smilies3:  I want to know how this turns out.
How do you know I don't have a dick?  Just askin' :Smilies1:  That aside,  Love how you used a suck MBPs non-existent dick reference about a thread where my original  point was that you and Iku...
^^what you wrote  It's taken me while to respond to that because it was just so overwhelming.  I'm glad that I could read that in private, rather than have you say that to me in person because I...
The difference is that in my last post when I @ mentioned duo, it was because I wanted her to know I was referencing something she had already said, so that in case I get it wrong, she knows I was...
Nice attempt at backpedaling. :laughing:  You do harbor underlying judgment.  That's the point.   I replied because as you like to say about others' posts when you're defending your position: I...
@Duo was talking about illness/infirmity and the empathy or sympathy that arises from that.  You substituted race as a test of whether your point was valid.  This is exactly what you went off on me...
[/I][/I]  So ... I understand now.  It's not about discussing masculine/feminine - the ENTJ personality type (the theme of the thread).   It's about you having a soapbox to talk about how...
Not going to post quote because I have no comment to the tirade, but as a clarification to this comment:  Your German ass will be the first persecuted ...  My ass is American.  I was born in...
Moot point.  It's doubtful you would make them.  And I really do have to run.  Late for an appt.  Later.
I'll be back later.  I've got shit to do, and don't have time for this right now.   :dry:
Pseudointellectuals
If you just want to hold court and not interact with anyone who disagrees with your stated premise, put it in a blog so that no one can respond to it.
This isn't the debate forum.  We're having a discussion.  It was deliberately chosen for exaggerated impact. So that you might actually see it.     Since it's all just soooooo egalitarian here ......
I've always found it helpful when trying to explain bias, or stereotyping, or tone-deafness by taking the situation and inserting a different group into the text so that it is more easily heard.  ...
Dear Autocorrect  Ohio, duck you.  MBP
No and no.   This is where I take my 8w9 ass out of here and let you two back-slap each other and keep talking.   Good evening, Gentlemen.
Instead of continually debating gender norms, how about this ...  Here is a suggestion:  See them irrelevant.   It's irrelevant how I gender identify, what sort of hormones I have in my body,...
This.
I've had this conversation for 40 years, the length of my employment history.  I'd love to never have it again. :frustrating:  It's not about sides though. It's about a vast majority of people...
No. If you look at what I wrote, I didn't say that.  You generalized it and make it a blanket statement.    I said that you (two) are coming off that way.   I clearly wrote, you guys come off as.
Ikusagami and @Stawker,  Just going to go ahead and say it.  You guys come off as trying to mansplain to us women what it's like to be a woman and how we should comport ourselves in situations...
https://media.giphy.com/media/H6CW8SL6vgVb2/giphy.gif     Ya. They're awful. I don't wear high heels anymore since I retired. My feet are happy.
That ^^^ is not the problem. She's the one with the power in that scenario.  I've rarely had a problem with men who were my inferiors at work because of the reason you state:  I'm in charge here. I...
:shocked:  Aaagggghhhhh... That clown from It is soooooo scary.   :rolleyes:   Suck it up, Buttercups.   ...
Just going to leave this here:  Fellow ENTJs,  On occasion,  we can sometimes disagree - vehemently, but I always walk away having learned something not only about all of you, but about myself. ...
I think a lot of that has more to do with the difference between 8w7 and 8w9 than gender differences. We have very few people in the sub now, but when this place was really active several years ago,...
Stupid questions.  Like this:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UpFqL8hkwE    I just got back from Starbucks. Bought two of their vegan salads:  Lentil,Vegetable, and Brown Rice. These things...
Sangoire  Is it due to the glitches PerC is currently experiencing, or have you opted to no longer receive PMs?
*dup post*
Not sure what you mean by wink.  If you mean my wishful thinking? comment, I think that was pretty straightforward.  In response to reactions to advice:  A comment doesn't have the power to...
c) use the money to buy more pot, and come up with some more really good ideas no one has ever thought of before. Like, ever, Dude.  Like, using money to make more money.  Whoa ...
Good for you. Well done.  :laughing:   I added potty mouth to my twitter profile as fair fucking warning. :tongue:  It's really good to have you back, maust.  Don't stay away so long next time.
I crave it.  I just don't see any being offered here.        Well, you rang the doorbell. :dry:  We just answered the door and are trying to figure out what you want. Personally,  I'm not...
How is that snide?  Was pointing out that you are essentially asking if there is the possiblity that it has meaning beyond what it apparently was, merely an acknowledgment of your understanding and...
You're such a fucking potty mouth. :tongue:
Meh. I'm actually more intimidating in real life.  It IS a completely different world out there.  I'm not constrained by PerC rules of having to bite my tongue and be polite when someone gets shirty...
I'm not upset. Quite the opposite.  I find it entertaining. And amusing that  when I say that I'm going to make popcorn and you take that to mean I'm angry. :laughing:  Probably going to go pour...
So, there are about 800,000 DACA recipients in the US in a population of over 320,000,000.   It's easy to debate in the abstract whether or not they should be granted continued safe status,  be...
I'm just going to sit here and eat my popcorn :popcorn: because threads like this one get started at least twice a year.  Despite linked references that show that ENTJs aren't prone to sociopathy,...
Yup.
He just squeezed your hand, so probably nothing to worry about.   I think it's more concerning that you think it might be more.  Wishful thinking?
No. Not at all.  Does it remind you of yourself?
Been sweeping up the pile of chips off the shoulders of people who come to sub seemingly to ask advice, but really looking to challenge us to a fight.     Wienie roast and s'mores party later...
Hubby (six years ago):  It's fine if you want to go vegan, but I'm not eating that shit.   Hubby (at vegan restaurant this afternoon):  I'll have the jackfruit/kimchi and mushroom/cashew cheese...
Well, sounds like you've got it covered, then.  No need to come here and ask us for our opinions.  There is a difference between simply projecting motive in other's observed behavior and asking for...
I know, hence capital G in my post.     Ya.
If they are intelligent at 24, they were intelligent at 18.   It's not them, it's your perception.
The bolded ^^^.  I see it as a reaching a faulty conclusion becauase the premise is flawed.  I've come to think that when someone tries to project motive onto someone else, it's their own insecurity...'"


5181: 'What E-type Sandra Maitri is? I like her books!
I think he's sweet and lovely. E2 LOL
Good songs, but not brilliant. It's just boring to type her.
He is so sexy ...  Don't care about his type
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kYsxoWfjCg
Could he be  ISFJ ?
Are you kidding? :) He's so damn smart! He is very rational and logical! And, of course, he is extrovert!
Yes, she could be Type 9 (sx). My favorite from new album:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBi6F5vVSj8
Oh, I like that for my Sevenish side! :happy:
Hello! I'm calling all 973/739/379 tritype (The Ambassador). Let's do two things for fun:  1) post here a picture that best describes YOU 2) and a song  I'll start :)  90791
973  9  90788  7  90789
I think she is type 6. Not type 9 and not infj (EII). She could be IEE or ILE.
Who said enneagram 9's songs are boring? I'll show you some 9w8's good songs (which are not like the boring lullaby :laughing:)   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnVUHWCynig  ...
She's 9, I think.
Tori Amos is a goddess and she is definitely INFJ!!! :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4K6ZxDwi34
Barney is ENTJ, it's obvious. :)
Maybe T
INFP, I think
Hi! What do you mean with all this data? :)  I'm from Russia and I'm definitely a EII (INFj) in socionics (my type was defined by famous Russian socionics and psychologist on the consultation)....
I think Sting is NF or at least NT. And, according to his biography and romantic and distanced nature - more likely P and I, but I'm not sure. :happy:  ps LSI (ISTj) in socionics is ISTP in MBTI.
You are not right here. Reinin's dichotomies are working thing and it has noting in common with nonsense. :happy: I could easily prove it to you if we both have an opportunity to observe in real life...
OK. I had been studying socionics for a few years and I really have a lot to say. But my poor English stops me right now. I can say only that socionics developed very far since those times when was...
Why? You are not satisfied with it's theory? And, comparing MBTI and socionics, what would you noted as a main thing, I mean, thing which explains why you're so skeptical to MBTI?
OK, I don't mind. :happy: So, what do you prefer: MBTI or socionics?  And on what principle you are not going to respond to my friend request?
Спасибо :laughing:
Thank you! :happy:
From here: http://personalitycafe.com/infp-forum-idealists/62663-infp-socionics-xnfj.html    So, looks like I'm really an INFP in MBTI, because I'm an INFj in socionics!!!
Vaan  Thanks!
Oops! Seems like INFJ in socionics is INFP in MBTI ... So who I am? I tried MBTI test and  it says that I am INFJ.
Oh, this is really cool!  You inspired me! Very original idea! Good! :happy:
I'm not interested in this information.
Why? And who do you recommend?
Thanks a lot! I traveled almost the whole Europe, but only in Moscow I feel myself at home.
This is one of my favorite books. It is rather cruel and describes people with violent characters, but, at the same time, with amazingly interesting personalities.  And I'm looking forward to the...
Welcome to the forum!:happy:
Hello! I'm INFJ too. Nice to meet you! :)
Hi! I think, INFP has a great taste in art! Nice to meet you! :)
Nice to meet you! :wink:
Welcome to the forum!:laughing:
Black Swan Scoop True Grit  Eyes Wide Shut Fight Club Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels                                                                                  L'instinct de mort...
Ура! Ура! Добро пожаловать на форум! :laughing: Nice to meet you! :laughing:
skycloud86 - thanks! :)
Congratulations! This is great! :)  ps according to socionics INFP and ISTJ is a very good combination :)
Oh, there is a nuance. Currently existing Russian socionic tests  are extremely imperfect. Mostly as a result they indicate type that you want to appear or type you think you are, but very rarely...
DarklyValentine - привет! :) Oh, i like True Blood and Californication too! :)
In Russia we have our own typology called соционика (socioniсs), at first glance similar to the MBTI, but with many fundamental differences. This typology is not a typology itself, it's rather a...
Intricate Mystic, Vaan, lullabyblossom, vellocent - thank you! :) SuburbanLurker - spasibo! :)   krisp - Hi! here in Moscow there are heat - 39 C (102.2 F), rain and thunderstorms.  ps Sorry...
Hi everyone! I'm INFJ from Moscow! :happy:  Nice to meet you!
Hello everybody! I am INFJ from Moscow! Sorry for my bad English. Cool site! I'm pleased that you know and love Geoffrey Chaucer and Emily Bronte, and I'm pleased that you consider them INFJ. I...'"


5183: That's how we're generally considered.  Obviously it's not accurate.
Dynamic thinker.
your dad is an ENTJ?  weird.
K first off I should express my own connection with the arts. Both of my parents are stage actors, both of them have had varying degrees of success throughout their lives and both of them currently...
I just can't see any evidence for the first theory.  or not enough.
According to the professionals, would that Te-Ni-Se-Fi extend to 8 functions with Ti coming up after Fi or would Ti use be implicit in Te dominance?
But you do agree that there's a difference between Ti and Te or Ni and Ne.  I'm curious to figure out what  the similarities between Ji functions are and compare them to the similarities between Je...
Cog functions tests tend to give results which are contrary to the common wisdom on MBTI.  For example they produce results of high Ti and Ne along with Te and Ni when I take them.  The dynamic...
ENTJ  weed all the time lsd whenever anyone else is interested (rarely, once or twice a year)  used to take a lot of E.  LSD is my favorite, by far.
My thinking is that work is precisely what wouldn't help.  Acceptance is key.  Just love and appreciate.  both INFP and ENTJ are generally trustworthy so adultery is very unlikely to be an...
I have good experiences in friendship.  I have no experience in relationship.  I think that a lot of the negative responses you get are coming from people who have F/T issues.  ENTJ/INFP is a...
http://bighugelabs.com/output/motivator427db07e0950db14fe98499d303f0b2d1cbb4370.jpg http://bighugelabs.com/output/motivator38843b62478cf6b345501d5f746f4fe9141d5724.jpg...
Did you plow her?
ethics of climate change nietzshe rationalism artificial intelligence
have you discussed your views on religion with your wife?
He's definitely an ESTP.  just sayin'
I disagree on most of them.  I don't care if it's a joke. I judge this to be a nearly absolute failure.
ESTJ-  Summary: K.I.S.S. ESTJs are a lot like us and also nothing like us. They approach things with the same practicality as us but their focus is short term. Take that stream of consciousness that...
Perseus.   ARGH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chick music.
(woops on title lol)  Best Hard/Heavy albums of all time In no particular order:  Pantera-Vulgar Display of Power Refused-Songs To Fan the Flames of Discontent Burzum-Filosofem...
my money is on ENFJ.  most ENFPs would have rolled with the punch.
It's become increasingly obvious that the typology forum I have used in the past is simply not an efficient use of my time.  What I'm looking for in a forum: Interesting discussion with people who..."


5211: 'Velcome!
My husband is INTJ. We get along very well but we struggle to keep our relationship interesting.
I'm confident, outgoing, spontaneous, captivating, honest, and of course- good looking. http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/554287_3211073882430_1433745124_32380231_132037255_n.jpg
No, she is a cyborg.
Lol at I'm sorry but I'm still right. *stomps feet*   I'm not sorry, obviously, because replies just keep this thread at the top.
If I was certain that there was no way to save all of them I would sacrifice the one person. If this decision was in my hands, I would be responsible for death one way or another. I'd rather only be...
Good God. Do you have some kind of chick hard on for me? I skimmed what you said. Firstly, I never said that I wouldn't look into learning about MBTI. You are assuming... Again. I have twin two year...
Because we are doubly attractive. One thread cannot handle all of this ENTJ sexiness. Lol
Thanks! :D:D:D
Hmmmmmmm... I guess I would like to be more internally motivated. If I set goals for myself that nobody will see the outcome of, I don't care as much as goals I set that can be shown off. Does that...
I'm definitely a fan.
That's how I roll. Lol! Of course, thank you.
How ENTJ of you. Get back on task! :D
That's all I needed to see. :)
I think that questioning what I am at all is... we will call it silly. haha I could imagine that some people could get some sort of satisfaction about pretending to be a certain type. You know,...
Being ENTJ doesn't mean that you need to be immature. I have NO issues admitting when I do not know something. I don't care what type you are, if you can't admit when you don't know something, you're...
I haven't studied it. I have taken more than one test and I have gotten the same results. I am a cold bitch and I am most happy when I am productive and social. I don't understand why you would be so...
OH MY GOD your mom sounds fucking fantastic. ahahaha
I don't even know what that means. hahaha
You mad, bro? lmao. You obviously DON'T know how to judge if you think that EVERYONE fits into what you believe to be so.
I'm definitely ENTJ. I look pretty and sweet but I also rock out to metal. Lmao looks can be deceiving. ENTJ fits me perfectly and ENTJ MALES are extremely easy to get along with. It's the few other...
I definitely agree with your first statement. lol
Like everything is a competition, always. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE a good competition and I am very competitive but damn.
Nope. I have dominantly male traits so it may have something to do with that. I'm certain that I'm ENTJ. Maybe it is the very few ENTJ females I have encountered but they are annoying. lol
Heels Clothes Gadgets Sports/Luxury cars Nice furniture (lol) Make up!
No. If it became legal I could see myself smoking on a very very rare occasion. I think it is terribly immature and irresponsible to smoke with the way things are now.
1. I think pretty highly of myself but I try not to cross the line into arrogance. 2. I am proud to be a mother and I know I'm doing a fantastic job. 3. I enjoy the things that make me different. I...
Yes, I've just been ignoring them.
Ohhh. Thanks. That's pretty lame. Lol
Right now I am completing the Dark Brotherhood Forever quests but I have a glitch. One of the assignments is to speak with the contact in Riften who asks you to kill a grave robber in Windhelm....
I feel but I think I feel much less than others. It is difficult for me to feel any strong emotions.
You had me at metal and baroque. lol
Why do you have a harem? lol
**confusion**
Eh, I'm almost always a cold-hearted asshole. lol
Ten people here are more intelligent than Stephen Hawking... Yeah, right. lol
Nice! Good job.
I'm a jack of all trades- master of (almost) none when it comes to musical ability. I can play many instruments in a basic manner. Violin was my main but I quit. I have been classically trained in...
I disagree. I would rock the hunger games.
I suck at sucking. Specifically, fillatio.
I can't fucking stand Taylor Swift. She is too damn old to be singing about such juvenile things. I don't care if she needs to relate to her fan base. Those little girls shouldn't be taught to be...
What do you listen to, then?
I think that every type of person is important. As much as I'd like for people to be more like myself at times I know that people are the way they are to maintain some sort of balance.
Banned for designating banning time. haha
ENTJ. We are always the best at everything we put our minds to.
Banned for banning me for banning you for playing the game.
Banned for banning!
Banned for an obnoxious siggy.
Banned for seeming butthurt. Maybe if your happiness is so tangible, your other emotions are as well.
Banned for judging something as silly in a silly thread.    Go ahead, ban me for irrefutable logic. :)'"


5216: 'mix one shot of every basic type of booze , top with sour mix, and a dash of coke for color.   now pipe down, some of us are nursing a hangover.
from that?  Sol with lime please, but ill need a couple more as I only see one in the bucket
SkyRacerX  You and Highheels need a room together as not only do you perspectives on reality seem to be in parallel, but verbosity with which you choose to elaborate upon it is also in sync. While...
feeling the spring weather, ill have a beer please.
*finishes drink quickly*  *cracks knuckles*    oh boy
it wasn't important
why is it that whiskey clears, not clouds my mind.
and that Siggy, is why your tip jar could banish the national debt!
https://media.giphy.com/media/v0DiYavje9FyE/giphy.gif
a double double on the double
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7p-ihYOG5s
see there you go.  you probably 100% agree with this guy in that case.  http://images6.fanpop.com/image/photos/36800000/Mr-T-mrt-36834265-320-254.png
actually you don't 100% agree with my post, may want to read it again.
I'll have a Monday martini please...
I have plenty of empathy     the action of understanding, being aware of, being sensitive to, and vicariously experiencing the feelings, thoughts, and experience of another of either the past or...
hmm not me. like an onion when you peel back a layer, the one below it is still an onion, it doesn't magically turn into an butterfly. I am who am from the day you meet me forward.   and really?...
I notice that in situations where everyone has minimal to no preexisting connections to each other (college orientation, huge weddings, multi region corporate training, etc) people tend to gravitate...
perhaps. but why waste it prematurely. I think saving it for celebration after the culling sounds more apropos.
um where is MY glass?
finished up my masters this past summer (was actually done classes in the spring but officially now) now beings the ugly prospect of hunting for a new job. I love my current gig as it is very very...
MBP, you know me well. all that is missing is a giant candy striped straw.  doing a bit of sipping while catch up on what I missed. congrats on realizing that mandolins are evil. I'll stick with my...
ABC: always be closing
shots no. pint of vodka with a splash of mixer? clearly.   and Siggy I will try to mind my manners whilst I am back. Please just keep my tab open and the pours generous. ...
http://i850.photobucket.com/albums/ab63/MYGTI_MA/AF26EC22-EC68-48BE-8AC5-1ADF538AF7FB_zps40iqpidn.jpg   Hey Jake, car is now boosted (supercharger) and 5 speed swapped with a few more goodies ;)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bv7JX6oP4GM
testing testing 123. is this thing on?
finished grad school yesterday  doesn't seem real yet.
Yes or are just plain lacking basic social skills.  As Jake succinctly put it you are dispensing fairly senseless word vomit. You are cluttering up this thread and get quickly agitated when you get...
don't make me drag your ass on Maury to prove how full of shit you are right now.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZHCVyllnck  sounds like the reason most of us have a job.
The traditional meaning is even if you don't have the skills needed to do it act like you can until you do have the skill.  I don't think ANY ENTJ buys into that logic. If we thought we flat out...
It is the internet so yes there is a fair amount of bullshit and ego but you shouldn't be surprised by the answers you got.   Typically after a rebuffing of thoughtful answers with semantics, the...
I think a common fear entj's have in the process of dating is the The Ladder  That is that we want to move toward perfection and that every move should be like an upward step towards that goal. The...
two small a sample size ;)  but seriously that would be like trying to turn a square of marble into a perfect sphere with two swings of the hammer.  What I have found was that not only did it...
interest is a vague thing for me as I collect people.  Consider how many tools you have in different parts of your house. Having the right person for each moment is just as rewarding, but I have...
well that is another one in the bag ladies and gentlemen, someone please off the wounded and bury the dead.  I will be at our bar if anyone needs me.   I do miss Siggy, one hell of a drink maker.
people can be very petty ask me how I know.
hey people,  please for the love of all that is freaking holy somewhere in your MASSIVE walls of text where you describe every text message you sent over the 2.3 weeks you dated can you PLEASE...
yes riiiight up until they call them for a reference and they tell your future HR department you are a giant pain in the ass to get along with, have issues following protocol, and aren't a team...
Multiple choice:  a) tact  b) get a new job  c) convince your mind that this is temporary situation and that like many things in life, it will just suck for a bit. focus on the desired end...
http://static1.squarespace.com/static/54fd8ac5e4b0c9648d63695b/t/553c621ce4b0fe843870b9ce/1430020638828/
http://static1.squarespace.com/static/54fd8ac5e4b0c9648d63695b/t/553c621ce4b0fe843870b9ce/1430020638828/  Yo Dawg, Clearly it isn't because of your texting skillz...
you called MBP bae.... haha :popcorn:
bingo  during some of my dark times I could have seen myself doing this. hey If double was attractive and in this age of meeting romantic interests in the oddest ways, why not?  beats yelling in...
what you fail to extrapolate from Ms. Fury's post is that we will find your weakness and exploit it.    I have been told I have this crazy uncanny way of reading people like I am reading a...
they mentally photoshop us surrounded by assorted infantile animals
had a 15 minute long debate with a professor that could have been resolved with the following answer no the data doesn't have typos when asking about outliers that logically could be explained by...
 you are an asshole but a loveable one  get that a lot
I like to call them out on it. Brings them into direct conflict and if they have a real issue we can deal with it. Typically a miss communication over a situation that can then be resolved. If not...
Ceasar,  I feel you pain. and as was said before your issue likely lies within social politics. Back in 07 I worked for a company that was more blatantly ruled social pecking order than any other...'"


5239: 'Whew. I almost lost (more) faith in humanity.
I will take this heavily into consideration. Thank you.
Just from the responses on this thread, ENTJs are generally more open with their arrogance.   There's such thing as functional confidence. Impractical arrogance is useless, and impractical modesty...
Ha! Great counterexample you are. You were injured and need to go back? Are you doing OCC, PLC, or some other program?
Indeed. I don't usually take NF's the militia type. NF's can change the world, and are better changing the world through other means. I think, particularly with the INFJ's, there's an inherent,...
I do have a direction in life. And with regards to your analyses of functions, I agree. I seek structure, and in the meantime, imparting my own structure onto the structure.   However, I only want...
Hello you two. I didn't say ENTJs weren't good at research. Please read again. (Was giving type-based answer on generally the strengths of the type as they align with real world processes....
Woah you know a lot/in depth. That was some insightful advice and information.   Yeah I heard the army has better resources and funding / financial advancement is better, but Marines has higher...
I'm a Chemical Engineering Undergraduate at UC San Diego, and after working various fields, engineering industry included, I've realized that the civilian life can be pretty boring.  There's this...
Woah. Major oversight. You know what's occurred to me, though? I've actually never directly asked whether she was straight. I just kind of presumed. For now this thread can die. But should I get a...
LOL the wiki link.   There is also the option of waiting until I'm 27 before doing anything, since it would then be more age appropriate (27 and 34 isn't as wide of a gap as it is now). Of course...
By being honest, do you mean telling her I like her but I'm okay with whatever? Because simply even just telling her would turn our relationship probably for the worse if she's not interested. What...
Let it be known that should the occasion arise, I am quoting you. :cool:
Projection definitely summarizes me well. Thus, I enter this board to inquire on how others may see the situation. Because obviously, how I see the situation is limited to my own approach toward...
To answer your questions, yes, yes, and yes.  But if you want to know the context, careful, this is a long story.   Feel free to NOT read and skim: Underlined are ultimatums. Bolded are the...
INTJs are excellent at research. ENTJs are excellent at getting it known, making it famous, and getting people to like it.   Honestly, INTJs and ENTJs make an excellent partnership.   INTJs are...
...Your (academically smarter) suite mates tell you, Let's start a company! It'd be great working under you. I try to tell them I know less on the field then they do. But they insist...
I suppose you could consider my more wholesome relationship to have been like a very deep friendship. A very deep friendship that involves benefits? Lol. I can barely distinguish between deep...
I feel this is brilliant.  :cool:  First thing that comes to mind? A quote from her, I'm not a picky eater. I'll try almost anything once. Even if I don't really prefer to eat it, I'll eat it if...
(Before you read my post, thanks for your response :) I also wanted to let it be known that I'm not arguing. I'm simply presenting my current take, which is flexible and adjustable to whatever you or...
Yup. This is why I can't really take the ask her approach, because we have a pretty amazing friendship otherwise and I wouldn't want to ruin it unless I was sure it's what she may want / be okay...
Don't worry about it – no need to deliberate helping. General communication always makes me happy. Maybe you didn't help with this particular obscure situation. But you helped make my day better...
It's sort of an exceptions case. So while someone may be generally straight, he/she may find a certain someone an exception.   For example, in the wholesome relationship case, even while she was...
Passenger side almost all the time with her. Really does freak me out! Ha.   And that's kind of what I'd been noticing too, that she's partway there, physically. But I feel like then it would...
Same page you mean want the same things out of life?   We're both pretty unanchored people – she's expressly said she doesn't want to get married anytime soon, and I expressed that I shared the...
I can give context and overview of how the relationships went, if that's what you're asking for?   Is this inquiry into advice toward a personal situation of yours or out of pure curiosity? One of...
Love giving them x96 but in the female context. In fact, I think I get more pleasuring another female than the other way around. I suppose it's all very odd theoretically speaking for the ENTJ...
Hello!  Maybe some might remember me, maybe not. But I posted here about a year or so ago about how much I loved this ISTJ.   And still do.   Problem is, I'm lesbian, she's straight, and I'm...
I don't have advice but merely acknowledgement that I've incurred the exact consequences you've listed.   Misery is divided when shared? I don't know but just thought I should post the...
Exactly with me. I am female, I understand. But alcohol, cigarettes and notebooks > clothes
I almost always make an excellent first impression.  In fact, people who have learned to hate me will generally remark, when someone's meeting me for the first time, she's good at first...
LOL that is so me. I blame it on being an extravert, but I am sure that is an overgeneralization. Basically, if I'm up to something, EVERYONE will know about it. Just the process of cycling out my...
...you're being incomprehensibly vague
Quality to not confine themselves to single 'greatest' qualities....  oh the contradictions to my statement.
But she was like a total commander. And like, self-sufficient and shit.
i typed one of my dogs ENTJ once. . .
She laughed at me while I told her I was going to give her a D! No. I was smiling. Why were you smiling? It's just a 'professionalism' habit. ...  Years of BSing, kissing up to people,...
Good at conceptual math, average at computational math. What's 27*16? Honestly, why would I care. I haven't exercised the computation area of my brain much, in addition to my mental ego deeming it...
Agree with all of the above. Some may poke fun at the concept, It's not you, it's me, but I see it as a highly versatile and efficient form of rejection.
From experience, my friends don't hold my preferences to any deciding level of judgment.   • I listen to dub-step, electronica, and anything along the lines of glitch.  ---> Suite-mates walk in,...
hahahah! i love barney and himym (although mostly just barney. i find ted annoying as fuck.)... disappointed in myself for not picking up this reference. thanks for the share; will be used frequently...
Insightful correction.
The ridiculousness of some of our assertions...  Girlfriend to group of boys: “Boys. Rule of thumb. If the girl is ridiculously hot, there’s a 75% chance she’s lesbian.” Me: “There’s a positive...
Chemical Engineering and pre-law student... Have tested ENTJ/ENTP 50/50. Personally, I think I'm naturally ENTP... but years of structured education and admissions systems have made me generally...
I see. I do all of each, so that's probably why I find raves fitting. Reasonably, you would not, and likewise, you wouldn't want someone who wasn't similar to you in their preference of drugs and...
My first girlfriend was from a rave. :) We only split for practical reasons, but we're still incredibly good together, emotionally and physically. She's NT, too. I feel most NT, particularly ENT's...
Oh I get what you mean. It probably also has to do with their prevalence on the internet... Naturally, more asexual woman will be expressing themselves on the net.
Woahhh... not the case with me and my friends. See my post, right above this one.
In short, I was ignorant, then aware. I've gone from perceiving myself as asexual, aromantic to homosexual, gender-blind.  The long story:   When I was younger, say middle to junior high, I was...
As I said, they were flings. We still keep in touch, but I am far too busy to form relationships with people currently, so yes, I am uninterested in whether they wanted this to be serious or not.  ...'"


5274: '1. Vet, Doctor (MD), Medical Scientist, Clinical Psychologist, Molecular Biologist/Geneticist 2. Medical Science (major was infectious diseases) 3. Medicine (MD)
That's perfectly fine; I only require the respect of those that matter.  lol.  Frankly, a good novel is determined by the time and effort invested, the personal limitations of the author, and the...
I fear that if I were to shine a light upon you, I would not enjoy what I would see.  Although, to put it briefly, one is purely acquired empirically and subjectively, whilst the other is not.
I think you're confusing the concept of knowledge and the concept of experience.
I think ENTJs are trendsetters when it comes to conservative modes of fashion.
I don't know why, but this thread makes me shudder. The story is too one sided, and it seems to me that communication just sucks in this relationship.  I mean, you start off saying that he's...
I never really feel the urge to take control of something that is clearly under control, unless I know I can do a lot better.   Perhaps your friend is just better than you, or maybe your friend is...
1. *shrug* I prefer displays of affection in person. Texts are so impersonal. I think you're more likely to appeal to an ENTJ when you say something in person. 2. Not for me; I always respond...
Why don't you get someone to film you to see how you act around others? You might be coming off a little cold in the sense that you're friendly, but in a polite way, which kinda puts people off. ...
I only enjoy the good ones.  I do enjoy pointless babbling when it comes to friends because it's always light-hearted and fun. But only with good friends.
Depends on how much thought they've put into it. It's usually pretty obvious when someone lacks depth in insight when they give advice. Simply experiencing something doesn't necessarily equate to...
NastyCat > ExecutiveTurtle  Jus' sayin'.  p.s. Welcome
Reading this thread has unfortunately made my life slightly more inefficient.  Thanks.
It's not that hard...   LOL
What... the fuck?  or What the hell?!  Please, stop talking  Cool *walks off*  Did you just die a little on the inside?
Type me next!
Damn, I really liked the idea of bombing a CEO's office. >.>
I'd have to have a passion for knowledge to get to where I'm at.   a) Only if it's useful b) Yes
That is definitely wreckless because nothing was wrecked!  I can't really recall anything other than a brawl that I got into. That was pretty reckless of me, but I was unscathed. My friends,...
I love this thread! I've got the art if war on my phone. Lol!  Sent from my GT-I9100 using Tapatalk
I'm an ENTJ, and everyone at work says I'm the nicest guy around!  Therefore, all ENTJs are the nicest people around.  Love,  NastyCat  I love how people come to our sub-forum just to post...
I'm a Cancer... derp.
I only like boxes when there's a present inside for me (and if the present is something that I actually want).
You are Brazil? WHoaaaaaa
Hahaha... damn. I wish that I didn't miss them. Those sorts of posts are quite entertaining sometimes...
Hmmm... it seems some posts have been removed.  *sigh*  I really wanted to know what was going on!
Trivial matters take up so much time...
Flamethrowers are totally in :D
I usually tear apart arguments by probing with a lot of questions. I'm more on the counter-offensive rather than the offensive.
My hands are sticky from reading it, therefore the thread should be stickied.
Depends on who. If the hundreds of others are comprised of major criminals who show no sign of getting better, then I would simply let them all die.  If everyone was innocent, but the one...
That was a good read... @_@
When I see an old homeless man on the street begging, I ...  Ignore it. I don't mean to be heartless, but there are services available to these people.  When I walk past a child who's smiling, I...
Is he trying to dry fuck whatever the heck that thing is?
The secret of happiness is freedom; the secret of freedom is courage - Thucydides  During the first period of a man's life the greatest danger is not to take the risk - Soren Kierkegaard  I...
I tend to be able to pick the best course of action without really having to form a silly list. Sometimes, upon reflection, I realise just how extensive my plans are and how they manage to cover and...
Well, too bad?
Aside from not thinking about the future, it's pretty much the same for me. I think about the future all the time!  Sent from my GT-I9100 using Tapatalk
I don't feel ambitious... But I'm probably one of the most ambitious ones here. Lol
Same here... I don't know why...
What MisterLiver is saying is that he has a prove to me that you're competent attitude instead of having any real expectations.  I'm like that. People can tell me that they're good at something,...
Just the ENTJ subforum.  I've pretty much learnt all that I need to know, and the debating forum is pretty boring now. I used to be known on this forum for my biting nature in debates. Hahaha
I like to cuddle? o_O
I always asked when I was younger. I knew the consequences were probably not worth the risk (my parents were excessive in their punishments).  Nowadays, I just state what I'm going to do... and do...
That's my avatar. >.> Except it's cuter on me because I am so much more awesome.  Monkey King summoned me D:
I just start training my body so that I have more energy for when I return to my productive state.  Right now I'm preparing for the final hurdle to get into med school. It's actually quite fun!
Nonsense. There is no competition.
The trick is to take better care of yourself emotionally. :P
Oh god, I hate small talk in large volumes. HOW DO PEOPLE DO IT?! :'(
This is time consuming... :'('"


5378: 'So it's not just me who had people compete with me (without me knowing it), and then blow up in my face declaring their loss?  It's a general ENTJ thing? Now it all makes sense...
I am very good at making money.  However, I hate thinking about what stuff costs, because to me that feels like too much of a limitation. I like being able to spend money indiscriminately, and I...
My design, branding and advertising agency is named after a two-syllable Swedish derogatory term meaning roughly mean spirited caricature. I'm Swedish and my company is based in Sweden, so everyone...
As practically everyone here has already said, I don't think she's even slightly interested in you. You should just leave her alone and go on with your life.  If a person is romantically or...
I work as a freelance designer and programmer. Both these fields are no doubt creative.  In my free time, I compose music. Last year I've been working on my first symphony: five movements for...
I can see some Te, but his metaphors and life as a story/game perspective tells me ENFP. Also, all these posts on his blog about the importance of focus tells me he is naturally unfocused and has...
Yes, when I have to do something that I feel will lead me nowhere. Might be some freelance work I only took on for the money, or a service I accidentally promised to do for an acquaintance or...
I think the question is weird. Human is what we call our species. What makes us human would therefore be that we are genetically alike enough to be considered the same species - the species we...
Hey. This is important. You should get that eye checked up asap. A yellow eye only visible in flash camera pictures is an early symtom of Coats' disease. Consult a medical professional. ...
Swede here, so we're getting close. If I show up wearing a lusekofta and start calling sharks kjempetorsk I might pass as one.
I'm almost definitely 8w9. Never seen an entj 9w8 around here.
I don't easily recognise my own emotional states. It always feels kind of neutral to me, but my actions are colored by what's going on on my inside.  I have trouble expressing my feelings until...
I didn't say being liked was a requirement. I just said dragging someone from bed to do something can get the work done. I have to be close to someone in order to care if they resent me or not....
I most often prefer the company of T types. Specifically NTs. Communication flows easily in groups with compatible interests. But NFs can be cool as well, as long as they are not F doms. Can be...
Incompetence. You can find ways to motivate lazy people. And if that fails, you can drag them out of bed and make them do stuff.  Incompetence, on the other hand, takes time to correct.
To everyone who still reads this thread: Just for the record, I have to make amends for some of my previous posts. I understand the thing Fe does now. I completely misunderstood its intent before,...
I don't see the conflict. How is shooting people and storing them for sexual use later not helping them? Have you ever even met any people?  Silly, silly you.  Now I will stop wasting my precious...
I have not needed a CV for four years now. I get my clients through other means.  Also I wouldn't want the people who pay me completely ridiculous money to know I completely lack formal education.
This is gold.
Acts of service > physical touch.  Then verbal affirmation and quality time on shared third position.  I couldn't care less about gifts. If I want it, I buy it.
At work: Black chinos, shirts either deep red, purple or black. Sometimes open shirt with a t-shirt underneath. Sometimes plain black or red. Sometimes with a printed motif I find agreeable.  ...
Thought translating directly into action. When I reach a conclusion, I act upon it without delay. It's automatic.
I write prose, music and code on my free time. At work, I do mostly graphic design.  I try to plan my life so that I'm able to spend as much time as possible practicing different artistic skills.
What color is your aura?
If I end up in a new place, say I get a new job or something, I restrain myself a bit and test the waters. Then I expand slowly and steadily and show more and more of who I am, as I become more and...
Before being justified in judging others like that, you have to make a comprehensive case for the illogical jumble of make-believe that is the idea of free will.  Proceed.
I think correctly diagnosing yourself as an indigo child/adult/whatever is paradoxical, because they are supposed to be intelligent, yet you have to be a moron to believe such new age crap.
You're a Te dominant.  1. Focus on external evidence to evaluate new ideas. 2. Focus on being right, combined with looking forward to being wrong. 3. Focus on achievements and results.  4. I'm...
Nowdays I pretty much only do creative work. During office hours, I design and write code. Then I go home and draw, write prose and music.  I always start out with some kind of concept. I get this...
Can't talk for everyone, but personally, I find I value human well being. Not life, maybe - but well being. I put a value on life as well, but only as a means to achieve future well being. I find it...
One thing I have noticed is that people in general always tend to change their views if they are proven wrong.  Only problem is that most people treat their pet ideas differently than whatever...
I have no problems admitting I am wrong when I've understood that's the case.  However, since I work from the assumption that I am right, it might take some convincing before I actually reach that...
Of course the categories will say nothing about causality.  Milton Friedman is responsible for an economical and political doctrine that kills millions, and he's typed as INTP. Joseph Goebbels,...
Just because they kill people they have personalities that can't be categorized?  They still have to process information and make decisions just like everyone else. What's the difference except...
When I've really made up my mind about something, I can go into bulldozer mode. Some kind of not entirely healthy Te-Se loop thing, I think.  During bulldozer mode, everything that slows me down,...
Of course the positions of arbitrarily defined constellations made up by humans define who we are.  Of course there is profound truth in the equally arbitrary manmade symbolism we imposed on these...
Is it just me or does this happen all the time, particularly in the ENTJ forum?
1. My long term goal is building skill in areas that are relevant to my interests. What I am going to apply these skills to, I don't know yet. I have a vague idea that points me roughly in the...
lol @ determining type from political standpoints.  I am most definitely ENTJ, and I definitely lean quite a bit to the left. I am also a feminist in principle, only I tend to avoid that word.  I...
I keep my day job mostly to the office. That way my mind always puts itself in work mode on my way there. I have some difficulties concentrating on such things when there are tasks I'd rather do...
The top 100 things I'd do if I ever became an evil overlord  It's a classic.
http://qzprod.files.wordpress.com/2013/06/robots-manufacturing-cars.jpg http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-SgS6QI29PlA/UjIcdsJKOfI/AAAAAAAAAKg/qlZ3nELlGMA/s1600/terminator+arm.jpg...
84153 84154 84155 84156
What post? Have I said I was going to post something?
At first I was going to write a long, elaborate and serious post on this subject. Then I scrolled down and saw the baking cat in your signature, and was overcome with a manifold of fluffy feelings....
Got the sense that OP wastes periods (.) by writing three of them out every time she needs one.  Also got the sense OP wasted $60 on a completely useless test just to prove something, right after...
Indeed. Most people are quite nuanced, and I am sure a mature, healthy, well rounded ENTJ-ENFJ couple could learn to compromise and communicate to lessen the impact of their differences. But as far...
I think that typologically, it looks like a matchup from hell. Maybe the second worst pairing for the ENTJ type, only beat by ENTJ -ESFJ.  In ENTJ - ENFJ pairings, the top function of one part is...
I am aware that I posted weak evidence. Still, however, I posted evidence. Weak evidence is better than no evidence at all, which is exactly what you brought to the table.  What these studies show,...
Wrong.  Faulty thinking because single instances never say anything significant about a statistical average. These are not points on a scale, but bell curves that overlap to a large extent. The IQ...'"


5388: 'Alright these kind of videos really bother me, because not following your passion I think affects you negatively and ultimately get in the way of your happiness. My passion was always space. I loved...
Just as planned
Good idea guys. We can patent this and make millions
No wtf. Money means nothing to me. I can give you my prized Japanese katana that I have slain my enemies with. That truly means something to me.    I dunno man, but that's just it, and the beauty...
You know how you will never forget this story.  If you marry me.
yeah man I felt bedtime stories didn't do a good job of explaining the harsh terrors and realities of the world our children will come to face after they leaves their homes of comfort so I wanted to...
Did you not like it
I'm glad I inspired you :)
BUT THEN THE DETECTIVE BURST THROUGH THE DOOR! Turns out he paid for a hobo with matching compatibility to get plastic surgery to look like him, killed the hobo and made it look like a suicide, and...
She had a fatal heart disease and needed to get her heart transplanted.  It was the day before her heart surgery and she was with her boyfriend. She was scared and he held her in his arms and said...
Yeah sure dude. I don't have specific authors but I do have some specific works I enjoy. Inventory by Guenter Eich and A White Man's Burden by Kipling. Kipling's poem is great because it has a...
I am. A lot of my favorite stories that give insight are epic poems and I think my favorite one is Paradise Lost by John Milton. I do like a lot of the other classics like The Odyssey and The Iliad...
I'm a physics and math major. I held 4 jobs at once(I was a math tutor, a physics tutor(two different spots on campus), a physics teaching assistant and a research assistant) and also pulled off a...
Dude no offense, but basing your career life decision on a Myers Briggs test is a really bad move. A lot of the things with Myers Briggs lack scientific validity and statistically are short on...
Yeah for sure! Whatever you do helps out in the end, all this experience will definitely prep you
If you can get them done at a good state near university and are able to manage the time then I'd definitely say go for it, but I don't think AP classes are too far behind.     Personally I'd just...
I disagree on that. I think AP classes do get you in the correct mindset especially for college and entering it. I'd consider AP Euro and AP US History to be the ones where I had to think the most,...
Well if any ya'll need any AP physics or math help hit me up if you want. I never took the AP physics course myself, but I've been a teaching assistant for the college level version so I have some...
That's awesome but take the AP classes because you enjoy the process of learning. No need to get arrogant about it.
Dawg I'm happy when people are excited about their academics but there's no need to get hostile. Yeah they do make you think and they will get you in the mindsight and they are not about memorization...
Crap I didn't see this topic, whatever I'll post it here anyway:   I'm a physics PhD candidate and I graduated in physics and math. I can cover anything featuring physics or math if you have any...
I'm a physics PhD candidate and I graduated in physics and math. I can cover anything featuring physics or math if you have any questions and AP US History and AP Euro(I' rusty but I was able to get...
Man this is a trip down memory lane lol.   I graduated in 2010 and I took 4 AP classes(AP Euro, AP US History, AP Calculus, and AP Lit)  I definitely think AP classes are a really good thing....
bachelors: Physics, PhD: Physics, I want to work at NASA and be an astronaut later
Quick question, are you gunning for an undergraduate degree, or graduate degree, and what's your current age?
You're still going to test the dichotomies the same way. If you're doing the J/P, N/S, T/F directly, you're going to see how many people match up to your variables.  The stats lead to saying it's a...
You're going to have to look into the theory of field in/dependence itself. But from what I've seen there isn't any major arguments against using it in a classroom setting. So if field in/dependence...
I don't know. I'm not a psych major or do research in it. From what I can tell field dependence is used for classroom type things and has been used for things similar to this and it seems to have a...
Yeah because a correlation coefficient means a high covariance. A low covariance makes a relationship linear which is why it's a really nice thing along with correlation coefficient. If you know the...
I read the definition of field dependence and found examples of it in classrooms:   Here is the definition of field dependence:  In the field-dependent/independent model of cognitive or learning...
Ok that's great about the Big 5. Now does the Big 5 also follow a normal distribution.  The MBTI doesn't talk about cognitive functions then I'm not really sure if they can call themselves MBTI....
It's literally Myers Briggs theory dude. I interpreted it because not everything has to be exactly spelled out in a research paper and it usually isn't. The ENTJ VS ENTP J/P dichotomy directly has a...
The only dichotomies that have any good correlations are E and I and the rest are like .3 correlations. The dichotomies themselves don't directly relate to the functions but they share some stuff...
That's actually why the covariance was made. That's why a bimodal(two normal distributions for two modes for a time and size dependence) is very favorable. There are ways to make sure these factors...
I read Nardi's stuff and what he's saying isn't wrong, but he's a researcher. He's trying to assert that his research his right because that's all researchers want. They all want to be funded, paid...
Chinese room never really debunked it. It just challenged it and the methodology of it. Computational psych is still a valid theory and I agree that it's not the only facet and as someone who went...
Correlation goes directly into variance.  A high variance for a study is a very bad thing, and a low correlation asserts a high variation because variance determines how spread out the data is. For...
Moving onto the bigger issue with the Myers-Briggs: Decision consistency. The Myers-Briggs proclaims a reliability (calculated using coefficient alpha) of between .75-.85 on all of its scales (see...
Could you elaborate
Another great article. I didn't post it before since it wasn't a research article but I think it has some relevance now:  The Myers-Briggs Personality Test Is Pretty Much Meaningless | Smart News |...
You summarized that point really well
Alright then we get back to my original point that we apparently both agree on. There may be a correlation but it's very weak and not dependable and when we use things like Ti, Fe or Si or whatever...
Congrats you quoted a dude. Now show me a graph and a data set to see if it actually follows a bell curve.
Just show me a data set and a graph. I don't care about the Big 5, I just want to see if this is an actual bell
No you literally don't know any statistics.
Seriously dude, you more or less agreed with me. You're not going to find some normally distributed curve for data with Myers Briggs and the correlation coefficient with this is going to be low. ...
Yeah because it's a fucking population size. Of course a bimodal is going to be favorable.  A Bimodal is just two normal distribution curves together. That's all it is. What he says in the article is...
Seriously bro I'm going to be honest, but if you can't find me an article with that one thing I'm not going to take you seriously.   Especially in social sciences, you need a bell curve if you're...
Can you find me one research article that shows Myers Briggs correlations follows a somewhat normally distributed curve?
I dunno man, I think at least coming from a mathematics/researcher point of view I find Myers Briggs troubling because it doesn't really have anything back it up.  Coming from a mathematics point...'"


5404: 'Just try it out first; stop asking questions!   Try out Game Maker Studio Standard Edition (free), go through few tutorials on Youtube and see if you like it or not. It's the programming in its...
Hmm, no matter how many times I read it, you still sounded like a normal Isfp to me. Especially the points that I have pointed out where you don't share much about your feeling and you felt it might...
Damn you Istp, I will get my revengeeeeee....~!
Why would you waste time centuple confirm your type? It's not like its shifting every single day.
No need to reconsider your type anymore, you are indeed ISTP ;)
Go ahead and make our world a better place to live in! ;)
Those pesky tests don't prove anything. If it is online tests, then it is worth more trouble to burn the whole website down.  And we determine what type you are depending on what cognitive...
Don't listen to them. You own your life, you don't live your life in another person's life.  EDIT: Now you've got ENTJ/INTJ/INTP backing you up.
Ikr? I don't get why it is untypeable.  Anyway, have fun!
Estj  Te is much more frequently used.
Enfj
Infj  No one is untypeabletmu200b
You appear to me as Entp with pretty obvious dominant use of Ne.  You don't have to retype yourself so many times. But worry not, papa Entj is here!
She's female.  Anyway, I know the fine difference between Intj/Entj. You are overall much more confrontational than Intj does. I think others will see the same too.
Intp is not a god, so do you. It's just a preference.  I would love to see your questionnaire.
Entj  If you want, take a look at this post for Intj: http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/351514-functionally-confused.html
For Fi, I have pointed it out as above. You don't sound as analytical from question 10, and you mentioned that you don't share much about your feeling and you felt it might 'reveal' too much of...
Ni/Te: - I'll be more likely to take them as a starting point and work through them slowly and carefully until I find something I can really see as sure. - Writing and getting into the flow of the...
Isxp is your only option.  Now to Fi: - I guess I dont share much about my feelings or thoughts unless I really trust someone as well. - I rarely would share my art or writing because I felt it...
Yeh, you appeared to be much more straightforward. Estp is the only viable option right here.
There was no Ne at all.  Proof of dominant Fe/Extroversion: - I spent most of my high school life hoping to please and harmonize groups of people. - I usually think before speaking, but if the...
Objection!  ENFJ  *Cues 'Cornered Theme' music*   http://youtu.be/Y3R8tkvlAlk
Esfj
No.  The following suggests Se: - I definitely look reactions or non-reactions of others to guess. - I get bored very easily in any activity, I always try to find new things to do. - I would...
Istp
Intj
Estp
Infj
Isfp
Ni
Hi again, please start by answering this questionnaire:  http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/109783-yet-another-questionnaire.html
Well before signing off, I want you to get this straight with MBTI: It measures your preference rather than aptitude. Being an ENTJ doesn't mean you will also be good at being a leader, but you might...
It was on Celebrity Type website, however, that is not what I was trying to proof. The word limit is just an example. What I was trying to say is that word accuracy and precision are more Ti oriented...
Same. Started thinking about loosing up and I feel kinda late to the Se party. Nonetheless, I feel great and extroverted again emulating Se users. What course are you in? I am in software...
I am not popular too, but I found another way, bonded a friendship/partnership with an artist INFP, started venturing into indie game development afterwards. Best decision ever.  I find myself...
First paragraph is over-stereotypical. It is as though they based their observation on 1 person.  Second sounds like ESTP.  Third sounds like ENTP.  The other sounds very cliche-ish.  I like...
Three issues that I have to address on this post:  1) Te = lesser words.  - I don't think Te has anything to do with lesser words. Steve Jobs (ISTP) can do it anyway.  - Te means the logic on...
Lol no, please remain calm dude, I still remember thinking MBTI being some weird club, where ESFJ is almost ESFP, INFP aren't the hug-bunnies, and the ENFJ almost an INFJ. I did 360 with MBTI too, so...
I have long since celebrated my birthday, but someone in my family always remembers it, so I just grabbed that opportunity for some nice Secret Recipe's New York Cheese Cake :P  Birthday for me,...
I always end up 360 degree as ENTJ again, but I am confident I am ENTJ after so long trying to figure it out. I just can't see myself being an INTJ especially now I have one as my friend.
Just go with the flow~~  I'm okay with that though, no biggy. We don't need to get to 700-pages of why birthday sucks, as long as everyone's happy :D
*Gasp* :O  Could that also means that I can be...  No.. no... No way!  Lolz, jk, I had enough with people typing me as INTJ already XD  Btw, that NTJ is a guaranteed for him, but the...
I sadly, never met or recognize these peoples yet:  - ENTJ - ENFP - INFJ - ISTP - ISFP  I just got lucky that I met an INTJ in my college this year, and I just realized the ex-co-founder that...
3) You are being surrounded by SJ/SP? I am too, but I have learnt to be around with them.  7) Will you get ubercharged in a way like making yourself look crazy and joking around?  8) Ha. Pretty...
Lol yeah, the placebo. I used to think I was INTJ until I spend some time alone doing some introspection about what I did and what I was thinking. It sorta became a second nature to me now that I...
Not sure though. I think both INTJ and ENTJ can have the same answer with this. I only used it as NTJ test :P  If you have the following:  1) You are very enthusiastic in the subject you like....
No problem.  Btw, I also get SLOEI, and it doesn't really describe me at all. Like I say, tests may vary depending on your mood. Big Five may have its reputation for being pretty accurate and...
ENTJ CONFIRMED!! WELCOME TO THE CLUB! D:  Seriously, you are definitely ENTJ from now on. While some people might interpret you differently, but through my questions, you came out as ENTJ. Mostly...
Well, so far so good. You gave me an impression that you are INTJ the way you said things, but this is just rough estimates. Btw, I said horoscope, which is totally pseudo and different from MBTI...
*Cough* I just recently got out of this rut too, so imma help out.  No, E/I doesn't always have to do with socializing. Socializing are almost for Fe/Se dominant.  The only ENTJ who is a...'"


5460: 'Doll i love all the movies you listed, and this makes me think about why your tritype is one of my faves. The healing ability often attributed to the 479 might somehow benefit the 358?   There...
Abuse/abandonment can cause 8ness. It basically freezes us emotionally. Thus the black and white simplicity, the overwhelming emotions and the controlling tendencies, it´s all symptoms of deeper...
Swordsman of Mana I know it´s been a million years since this thread got started, but if you´re still interested, could you tell me what you think about the 358 tritype? I love reading your comments...
Hi guys!  Fionn Whitehead stars in Nolan´s Dunkirk as the lead. He´s a newcomer and not too well media trained, so his reactions seem pretty genuine and I think I got his type just from watching...
Enneagram stacking might play a bigger role than the type itself at times, like during the first-impression phase writers go to when introducing someone new.  I´d look into the sp/sx forum for...
Jensen Ackles seems very 3 (SX/SP) to me, so certainly that must influence the character, especially on a show where the writers are known to have adapted to the performers over time. That said I...
It could be the 4ness in both of you! Enneagram tritype is super interesting, and prett simple. You can figure out your other numbers by looking at how you dealt with anger and fear in the past.
Haha you're welcome, I am so obsessed with Gd that I'm thankful for any opportunity to think about him. A few pages earlier I also speculated about his enneagram tritype, could you give it a look?...
I loved that episode! Yes, he was so awkward and self conscious, and I love that aspect of him (he's the richest kpop idol after all, famous, respected...and then that! So contradictory) but I don't...
Can you use your current situation to benefit ou in future jobs? In some countries you get proff for completing certain courses and you can use that as credentials, even without the full major. I...
Why???
I see, sorry for assuming the latter. It makes sense to see the inablity to act in the world as weakness, I didn't think in that direction because I just don't see dead people as people anymore. They...
ESFP! What would you say his tritype is? I see 7w6 as mentioned above and maybe 3 in the way he just accepted the praise, though his comment about my humps seems 9 ish in the way he takes the...
Enneagram Explorations listed him as a 872 tritype
I agree with your conclusion, if anything, tragedy can be a huge booster for life will (wether it's your tragedy or you're a witness). It can also give you courage, and pursuing happiness even more...
The word that came to mind was energy.
Sp seems to love the feeling of separateness, and placing yourself into a solitary landscape is very satisfying, you can isolate and feel just yourself. I'm Sp and love to use pictures of steppes,...
Idk if it can help you integrate, but 8s projectvulnerability on others, even in itegrated states, like an average 2. You could make it a mental exercise to look for others weaknesses (8s often scan...
Hi! I'm so thrilled about your post, since i saw your video on youtube not long ago and wanted to make a response. First of all, I will assume that you still vascillate between types. I'm an ENTJ 8w7...
I had it happen to me and while it doesn't hurt (maybe Ni folks get each other and less misunderstandings happen) it would help a Te dominant to talk it out once the testing is over. With a quick...
That's it you're fired:tongue:
ISFJ : what does that smirk mean? Do you like me? Are you mocking me? How can i get with you, the internet said it would be awesome...  ESFJ : you dangerousely firendly stranger you...  INFJ :...
ENTP : flirt more (with me ;), really, you could make a living that way. And don't voice all of your thoughts, we really want to like you.  INTP : Answer my questions. You are perhaps the only type...
Nooo! This is so frustrating, please give me your advice! (And it better be as good as the ENTP part! :P)
ESTP naturally get positive feedback from their environment because of their mastery of Se ( you can see it when they move around, they can literally be hot just walking down the street or grabbing...
I have had my fair share of exteme awkwardness, social anxiety ect but am an extrovert with a prety assertive type. Your unhealthy behaviour might be a sign of disintegration, or yout MBTI shadow...
Just on a side note, remember when he literally asked batman to hit him? i've known 2 ENTP and both said they liked it hard...:proud: So i ship BAtman and the Joker, you can't stop me now!
Hi! What's your tritype and instincual stacking like? And are you sure about the INTJ thing? You give off a strong Fi feel, maybe because of the avatar.
I types ENTJ 8w7 tritype 874. The tritype gets described as pretty artsy and inventive, also very bold. I don't trust those descriptions enough to doubt it based on that, but I wonder about my heart...
Take an extreme scenario, like hatred, love, danger or a dreamlike reality and look at your pattern.  How do you behave towards the person you love for ex? sharing fun and exploring or protecting,...
GD seems like an ENTP because of his weirdness and creativity, but it seems like an Enneagram influence more than Ne. Also, for an ENTP, he never uses Fe, which at his age would e unikely to...
She seems like an ESTP to me. Their Fe often pushes them towards a more socially acceptable presentation, softer, more girly in her case, making her similar to a feeler at first glance. Also, she can...'"


5583: 'So I didn't see the sticky with the format for WHAT AM I posts, and I wish I did because wow informative, but here goes.   1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type?...
Well, no.  Because ENTPs are Fe. It's not their dominant function or anything but I identify more with the Fi description (or rather the negatives/immature description b/c my F- whatever it is - is...
I'm (yet another) person struggling to figure out my type (always thought I was ENTJ turns out I'm probably ENFP!). Absolutely Ne, immature Fi, and test almost equally in Ti and Te and I agree with...
Because I'm an E, my inferior would be i, correct? Because Fe in other people annoy me the most... From the link another person gave me, Si's behavior (when in grips of inferior function) matches up...
Organized! Since I was a kid I've enjoyed organizing people and events. I mean I didn't pull out my stuffed animals and line them up by size, shape, and color (much as my mother would have wanted me...
Also, I sometimes wonder if the ENTJ and ENFP results are because there's a disconnect between how I naturally behave (happy happy joy joy energizer bunny class-leader) and how I think my fairly...
Because I identify with all the MBTI characteristics of ENTJ but in observing ENTJs - here and in real life - I don't react like they do (or generally like them....). Of the ENFPs I know (although,...
THANK YOU. That's a very interesting look and I like the extensive detail it goes into.  It's certainly a lot more nuanced than Keirsey or the 16 MBTI types.    The reason I started exploring...
Nymma I've read ESTJ descriptions in the past and some aspects fit (work ethic, straightforward, principled, filial obligation, leadership/organization of people - rather than ideas which seems more...
Thanks for the link. As for my reaction to the raindrop: No, it means I find art incredibly boring. I prefer to work with science and literature.  Looking at Se I can say with confidence that it's...
Those explanations of Functions just confused me more...especially as I have very little interest in art and just registered 'oh a raindrop. cool' and moved on. That did show me that I'm definitely...
I've taken the official MBTI, the official Socionics, and the (unofficial?) Cognitive Functions test:  On those three, I have received ENTJ, ENTJ, and ENFP o_O Here's what I know for sure: I am an...
This is an interesting thread for me because I've always been typed as ENTJ according to MBTI but recently took several Cognitive Function Tests and found out I was an ENFP!!! (To which my friends...
378 http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/15000000/Barney-Stinson-barney-stinson-15066651-842-1191.jpg
Vivid Melody 1) I love your name! 2) Are you I or E SFJ? My best friend is ISFJ and also a 2w1 but she has zerooooo fashion sense.  She dresses for comfort.
Airy Would you say 7 is your dominant function or do you strongly identify with an 7x(wing) or 9 or 3 instead?
Spades !!! Aha. It's like we have all the elements of each other but scrambled around! 7w8 to 7w6; 3w4 to 4w3; then our same: 8w9 (woo!). And then INTJ to my ENTJ, and ENFP to my ENTP/ENFJ, whaaat....
By listing the likelihood (in descending order) I would marry those types based on the website.
Mooncutter you put the distinction between 7w8 and 8w7 brilliantly! I've often wondered if I'm correctly typed as a 7w8 or I'm supposed to be 8w7.  But I definitely resonate with your description of...
Hands down 7-3-8 (sp/so).  According to this site though, I'm 7w8, 8w9, and 3w4 - all of which I'd agree with.   7 is by far the most dominate feature in my personality. I'm definitely the...
That's a rather broad assumption.  Then again, I don't know that many other 7w8s.  Of course, I'm also a 738 tritype so maybe my 3 keeps me from getting into too much trouble.  If I set a goal that...
How fascinating.  I'm a 7-3-8 which means:  As a 7 I'm best with a 1, 5, 8, or 3 As a 3 I'm best with a 1, 6, 9, or 5 As a 8 I'm best with a 9, 4, 6, or 8  1, 5, 8, 9, 6 are the ones that show...
All variations of 378 (The moves and shakers) Run the World - Beyonce  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBmMU_iwe6U&ob=av2e  738/783: Circus - Britney ...
> What is your personal style and how might you relate that to your type? I'd describe my style as (cute) feminine, fashionable, and professional/classic.  I love bold colors, flirty skirts and...
I've typed as 7w8, 3w2, 3w4, 8w7 and 8w9. (sp/so) But when I took the (official?) enneagram tritype test I received 7-3-8 (the mover and shaker) which fits me to a T.  I'm definitely rule with my...
...I don't think eneagrams really correlate well or that directly with Hogwarts houses and the list laid out makes very broad assumptions and stereotypes of the houses.  Not to mention you have to...
Does anybody get really frustrated with Hogwarts Sorting tests that claim to be based on your personality or Big Five/Socionics/etc.?  You know what pisses me off so much about those sorting tests...
Being an ENTJ girl is so freak'n stressful. :|  I definitely lucked out with my friends who are mostly NTPs and FJs. When I'm out at large social settings though, I just turn off my judgmental NT...
....... Are you though? lol. I'd say it's pretty much true.
I have a strong personality but outside of work I'm pretty easy going.  When I say, I'm an ENTJ...it's like when people make me tell them what university I went to and then go Oh...you're one of...
Vanitas Ugh. Everything you said in this.  It's hard to be an ENTJ b/c we tend to bulldoze only but the most resilient of guys.  But resilient guys, guys who have what we need, usually know exactly...
Indie, electronic, folk and dream pop. In love with Oliver Tank and ANR right now.  Forever favs include Stars, Beirut, Wolf Gang, and Explosions in the Sky.   Better question: What would be an...
Two words: POWER COUPLE  Works in reverse too.  Although the ENFJ male is a much more elusive and sought after creature.
I enjoy being an ENTJ in that I am bubbly wit and a big dreamer with solid, practical, and measured goals/drives.  I hate telling people I'm an ENTJ though, because of the reasons you mentioned. ...
I love being an ENTJ; I hate telling people I'm an ENTJ.
Absolutely!  You know the commercial for Disney with all the families holding up those boards of them having fun and the melodramatic sweet pop music playing? I tear up just watching that.  I'm a...
Or as I say to my INTP friend, 'why must you pretend to be nicer than the rest of us?'
I agree! As far as I can see, the difference between F and T isn't how emotional you are but how in-tune you are with OTHER people's emotions.  Fs can be very intelligent and logical but they are...
ROOOOOOOOOOLL ON THE FLOOR LAUGHING MY ASS OFF.  My roommate (INTP) and I (ENTJ) constantly have similar discussions (and, as actual DC policy wonks, we're only half joking). Only with her trying...
I mean never say never, but that aspect of balance/opposites attract just is not at all appealing to me. I only date guys that are sure things - or as close to it as you can get.  Financially...
ENTJ boy and INTP girl relationship seem more likely to work out.  As an ENTJ girl I can't handle INTP boys b/c I have such a think about Ps, but am best friends with an INTP girl and our friendship...
ENFJ: Will you take me to taco bell? ENTJ: I don't want to pick you up to go to taco bell because you are the one who wants to go. ENTJ: However, if you walk over to my house I'll drive you. ENFJ:...
I'm curious how your brother feels as the only TJ in a house full of Fs and Ps!
oooh family... Mom: INTJ Dad: ESFP Me: ENTJ Sister: I/ENFP/J (She's 9 so I'm not sure of her type)  My mother is the woman who thought she could be a tiger mom but was too busy thinking only of...
As a J, I have the tendency to categorize everything I do and (NJ) will do and as a TJ especially, overthink and make contingency plans for all my plans.  My P father and my P friends sometimes drive...
ENFJ for sure! I am constantly bewildered by people's emotions and as a (shy) ENTJ come off as a bitch without meaning to.
ENTJ- Salutatorian, overachieving asshole.    LOOOOL. True. Although in my school the ENTJ was also the class president and much beloved (think he was borderline F though) and the ESTJ was the true...
ENTJ-INTP => LOL. From personal experience this connection is definitely you-complete-me immediate, but we also bring out the worst in each other b/c there are absolutely no boundaries and no need...
The premise of this post confuses introvert/extrovert with reserved/outgoing.  They're really not equivalent. E/I is where you get your energy. I get mine from being around people, but I'm also an...
Ps are more spontaneous which is something more often associated with cute personalities. Js are more shrewd and careful making them seem more mysterious, which is more often associated with sexy...'"


5601: Persecution and the Personality  I was watching 30 Rock and I wanted to see what their personalities are.  Google somehow led me to this link.  It is a fantastic one.  For those who are bored, with...
Because they don't see that, I dislike like the word 'judgmental' even more - I prefer not to add to that misconception.
Yea sure we might SEEN judgmental.    I just personally dislike the word 'judgmental'.  It is a very subjective term and it doesn't say anything about what the person is really doing inside their...
Not judgemental, I think ENTJs just like to summarize information.  When you reduce the amount of information to a smaller set, of course you will be filtering out certain things etc.  that might be...
I don't think it is an ENTJ problem/characteristic at all.  I doubt the influence of personality is significant to the point of having others dramatically misunderstanding you and even causing...
Nope, never been sold so.   This question might be stereotyping ENTJs a little bit.  ENTJ just means we are good at organizing things and we like to translate some kind of abstract things into the...
Hahahahaha!  Yes..I have to.
EDIT: too much information.    We will see where life takes me.  The '1%' is definitely my wettest dream.
You are a lucky woman.  I wish I could have someone like that for myself too.
Oh, I like them even more if they are taking a piece of paper work to read on the subway.  The concentration/devotion towards work is drop dead sexy.     So, an introverted workaholic...
Hahaha, that is exactly like me and one of my INTP male friend.  I love telling him what to do, but he never does it because he know that will piss me off.  That is exactly why he isn't doing them. ...
Jewelries: I like big bold stuff.  Anything that has a solid (but shiny and bold) color..and simple.  I don't like lots of small details.  I like them big and bold.  and CLASSIC.  Clothing: Same...
Never met an ENTP, INFP in real life.  I think I would love ENTPs!  I didn't miss ENFJs...read my post again. :)  Dated an ESTJ but didn't end well..so I am not going to generalize it to other...
I have a friend who is ENFJ and I don't think we are close by any standard; we are just polite with each other.   I do like observing her and see how she behaves (she is amazing; she has a little...
I have a personal motto: 'don't get attached to anything that cannot last forever.'  In the way, I confess that I would like to have a warm and supportive romantic relationship, but I find it...
Hahaha, I was going to say the same thing that after reading the first post.
Yea ENTP sounds like a fit.
I live with one.  I really appreciate her energy level, but something about her I dislike from the core.   I couldn't figure out what is it, but I think I have a better clue now after reading all...
ISTJ - Give them all the work you don't want to do and make them do it. ISFJ - Nannies/logistics-pro.   ESFJ - Cannot be any more different.   ISTP - Partner in crime.   ESFP -  The party...
Good points!
I really don't care about what is right or wrong, I only care about what works and what doesn't.  I live in a world full of people, and to me, people are what make things happen.  We are all entitled...
I honestly don't mind the 'loneliness' that would have came with extreme success/power.  That 'loneliness' is only okay IF it is because you are truly too successful/powerful to the point of...
Okay, ENTJs are human as well.  You know, with feelings and everything?    I don't express them well because I am scared to express them.  It feels like the most dangerous and vulnerable thing you...
TL;DR.  I would say someone who is both ENTJ and ENFJ would probably be the most powerful combo.  ENTJ understands what needs to be done and how to get it done, and ENFJ can get the people to do...
Yea I can relate.  I have learned to really control my 'urges'.  Whenever I felt like rolling up my sleeves and get down to business when others aren't doing it right, I will tell myself to stop and...
I had an ISTJ ex.  I liked him very much because:  1) He is very dependable.   2) I can trust his every word.  Everything he says are straightforward and exact.  I don't need to guess anything.  ..."


5658: 'I find it a lot easier to believe in God than religion. When people say something in science has proven there is no God, the problem with their theory is always that it proves how one thing or...
I can see how someone would easily mistype as ENTJ. I mean, everyone wants to have the best personality, which could subconsciously lead you to test or identify as ENTJ. Simple mistake really
When I log on, what I really want is to quickly look at all of the threads I have posted in in the order that I most recently posted in them to see if there have been any responses to what I said. I...
I have unchecked every possible email notification box and selected do not subscribe since I started my account here, yet it feels like every major holiday or time the servers or something are...
Lack of competition and challenges makes me want to start a project of my own. I had nothing to do today, so I cut down some branches in the yard because I didn't like how they were leaning and built...
As soon as I was done with that message, I was talking to this girl I know about a guy I know who just broke up with his girlfriend and is trying to get this girl to meet up with him. I said he is...
I love analogies! I just resisted the urge to say that in metaphor form. Sometimes I have to make a conscious effort not to tack on an analogy at the end of an explanation. It's like I'm flying...
UNRELATED: I read the OP's name as Capri Sun when I glanced at it, lol!
The summer before my freshman year I got World of Warcraft & played it pretty much the whole summer. I stopped when school started, though it was basically just because I was a massive cheapskate at...
I support this. GS is just a name commie bloggers and incompetent government economists can point to when they want someone to blame, but they're also the leading financial services institution in...
The comment on your attractiveness definitely sounds good.  I think if he wanted to have a romantic relationship with you, he would probably be inviting you to a lot of things to the point where...
Ah, yes. Learning about this game is practically part of the high school curriculum in the US. One time I was walking through a courtyard at my university at night and overheard some people playing...
I don't consider myself heartless and I've certainly never been called it.  I'm sure I come across as cold a lot of times, but I do things like present my decision with an explanation to minimize...
I clean up to keep my place looking nice for myself and my guests. However, I absolutely despise chores and will only do them when they need to be done, never on a schedule because it doesn't make...
I would start a business. I have several good ideas, but I always dream too big for a $100k loan to come close to getting my company running smoothly. I'd turn that 50 million into a billion. At this...
Lol you should take your computer to a crowded library and read my P-ness is showing very loudly.
LMAO. I scrolled over this thread and saw that the OP couldn't find music that was raw and unstructured enough. When the Smashing Pumpkins song loaded as his idea of pure raw unorganized music I...
True story: I say this in casual conversation when appropriate.
That sounds really good. It combines two of my favorites: consulting and development.
This entire post could be used to describe me, but I think I'm a bit more settled on J over P :)
When I want a relationship with a girl, I usually have decided so before she has and I hate the period of trying to sell her on the idea. I know I push it and I know this is a side of me very few...
Yeah. 99% of the time my mom is very supportive and appreciative. She doesn't handle negativity or debate well, but she makes up for it by being a generally charming and uplifting person. While I...
S - explains things with real life examples N - explains things with metaphors   I know there's a lot more to it than that, but this is a pretty easy thing to pick up on and you don't need to...
The immediate answer to me is that S types are, by nature/definition, more likely to be interested in what is real, whereas an internet forum practically only exists in theory, so N types are...
ENTJ  Blue.  If you want more specifics, it's kind of a darkish blue with possibly a grayish tint. I'm also colorblind.
I know my original response was blunt, but I thought I ended the hostility, however, you are definitely still being defensive and I think that might explain why your response does not actually...
Chill down, I was just making a point. I actually get along fine with my mom most of the time, I just had a flashback to her in crisis mode, which is when she thinks she comes alive and I think she...
I don't have any kind of formal dancing skills, but I'm an awesome dancer at parties and clubs.  I'm almost always a better dancer than my dance partner. A friend summarized it, how are you so...
I like everything to be out in the open. I try to make it some people I'm close to can read me like a book.  I dated an INFJ that was very quiet and outright refused to communicate about things...
and this is why we love INFJs.
Wow. It's rare to find other people who like rally car racing in the US.
I like watching football (not soccer) and rally racing.  I like playing racquetball.
This is interesting because I've always thought it would be great to find a pretty ENTP girl.
You sound like my mom. Yes, you overreact to everything and your idea of great in a crisis makes ENTJs feel like we are being taken for a ride on your emotional roller coaster. You also probably...
I don't read either and definitely wouldn't pay for them. I think I'm a very fashionable person, though. Occasionally I happen upon a fashion blog online and every time I've found that they love...
1.) Bossy - Sometimes. I don't want to be in charge of everything I am a part of, I just have to. I feel responsible and invested in projects I am somehow associated with. Additionally, I find that...
I suppose a genuine superiority complex is a reasonable side-effect of our genuine superiority.
I am and you are not. I also have no idea what you are talking about.
I talk a lot. The more comfortable I am, the more I talk. I talk to my friends all the time, I talk to strangers a lot more than they talk to me, but most importantly I always seek out social...
Experiencer/Innovator here.
As a teen, I pretty much felt the same way I do now.  I usually try to avoid babies because they can't talk or if they can, they suck at it, shit themselves and are quite frankly not cute. I...
This is creeping me out with how well it related to my life right now. The only way I know you are not the same girl I know in real life is that you said the thing about yin and yang and if the girl...
Cash.  Not gift cards, CASH. You don't need to make it look like you thought about what I want, because I don't care and if past gift card choices are any indicator, you probably have the wrong...
I had one for a few months that had a definite time when she was going to be moving closer and I lived near here when it started and for the first year or so, which are the only reasons I wanted to...
I love me some ESTJs and INFx can make great pets, too.
Falling asleep isn't the problem. For me, it's waking up.  If I have something important to wake up for such as class, work, a meeting, flight, etc. I will wake up 1-2 hours before my alarm...
http://i55.tinypic.com/veypu0.jpg
My confidence level? Why, it's OVER NINE THOUSAND!
Yes, I am ENTJ and I don't make much eye contact in casual conversation, but when I'm around someone I'm attracted to and I feel overly aware of everything my body is doing, I feel very strange about...
But Cajun is a mix of French and redneck. That's a hygiene combination no antiperspirant can handle!'"


5711: 'This is a question for those who have dealt with anxiety and/or depression and/or abusive relationships.  I was stuck in an abusive relationship for six years and had several life-changing events...
Efficiency. Cleanliness. Dancing. Human connection.
I don't find alcohol to be the answer to my emotions, but sometimes it does help to take the edge off the anxiety.
Video games and reading are my bread and butter.  Don't worry about your MBTI defining your hobbies. The MBTI is how you go about doing something, not why or what. I love my hobbies and...
I would say you'll find ENTJ's in many places, but it depends on their Enneagram. Type 5's are more likely to be at the networking events. I'm a type 3, myself, and the networking is my worst...
All aboard the High Standards! The sky's the limit! :laughing:
Not only do we have high standards, but that's likely the name of my spaceship.
1) Yes, but only insofar as they are effectively a business partner when we are well, and they are able to take over in case something happens to us. I do not relinquish control easily, and I get...
Personally, I have a vendetta against ISFPs, but that's mostly due to an abusive relationship I was in with a very manipulative and deranged ISFP.  My best advice for you is to approach the ENTJ...
I have never been in a romantic relationship with an INFJ, but I have a very strong friendship with an INFJ coworker. She's my anchor in the storm a lot of the time. However, the amicability of our...
If you're looking for a book on the ENTJ processes, read Ender's Game. It's ENTJ crack.
Usually that monster is right. I'm on the I need to be alone swing of the pendulum. The issue is that my INTJ isn't really fully aware of my hatred for anyone and everyone that dares require some...
Yeah, I'm still stuck on the OP as well. Dating is hard and unfulfilling. Granted, I have the go big or go home philosophy, and I tend to jump straight from one serious relationship to the next. I...
Yeah, I'm still stuck on the OP as well. Dating is hard and unfulfilling. Granted, I have the go big or go home philosophy, and I tend to jump straight from one serious relationship to the next. I...
As for my feelings on birthdays, I like being the center of attention, so I love celebrating mine.  As for your situation, I think it's a nice way to start off a work week with a surprise party on...
1. Both. It depends on the chemistry. 2. B.A. in English Ed. I teach sophomore English. 3. When I was younger, the answer would have been both. Now you can find me at the office, working, or at...
I find MBTI very useful. I don't take it as gospel, as it's more a tool of how someone will do something rather than why. However, as a teacher, it's useful to be able to determine how my...
1. Name the most amazing place you've ever traveled to. Where would you like to go that you haven't been to yet? - The UK. - Japan  2. Tell us one thing about yourself that doesn't fit the ENTJ...
INTP, actually. But that's also for MBTI, not socionics. I know I personally am drained by F types, no matter SF or NF.
My feelings about ISFPs are best summed up in the below photo, though admittedly my experience has been limited to a past abusive relationship:  188930
I have the anxiety and self-esteem issues as well. I have to echo what others have already said, however. It comes more from the Enneagram than MBTI. As type 3s, we're driven to the extreme with...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkU23m6yX04
Siamese kitten. Four months old at time of post.  Named her Chess, as she was black, white, and a very calculated move on my part. I adopted her after a rather nasty breakup as a final insult to...
After having just removed myself from a toxic ENTJ/ISFP relationship, I'm much more sensitive to recognizing SF types and staying the hell away.  An INTJ and I are now circling each other, and it's...
I would get that blunt if I hadn't been aware of the emotions at hand. Had it been a professional problem, I'd have hammered it out in public. Where emotions are involved, I'm significantly more...
As one ENTJ to another, I'd find a time and place where we were in the same area, wait until he was staring, make the come here motion, pull him into a side room, and flat out ask him why he's...
I would disagree with that. I hold grudges like a boss. You just might not see it.  I'm not sure if this is a trait common to ENTJs, although it was common to the other ENTJ I know personally. We...
The conflict seems to happen primarily on the personal level. I can deal with just about any type on a professional level (I'm a teacher), but my issues with this ISFP came out during personal...
For ENTJ: 1. Describe an  a.) ISFP. Broken.  b.) INTP. Internet troll. 2. How do you act around  a.) ISFP *grrhisspfft*  b.) INTP Amused banter usually takes place, although the few I know can...
As an ENTJ, I definitely have a flash temper. However, I've learned to nurture my Fi over the years, so I generally have a much more controlled response. It allows me to be more human and have more...
Speaking for myself, the only thing that really made me jump at a relationship in order to get out of a rut was the idea of someone providing resources, be that decent conversation, new experiences,...
Alarmingly accurate. We've been on and off for six years now. I'm starting to realize that he's been keeping me (unintentionally) in a shadow form for some time now. I intend to discuss that with him...
So here's the next question: How does an ENTJ deal with SFs when he/she/it is under an extreme amount of stress, almost or totally at the point of being in shadow form?  Teaching does this to me...
That's usually what I try to do. However, in this situation, my buffer person failed me and I was left feeling jilted and floundering and, consequently, angry.
So what would you suggest as an ISFP for me to interact with...it seems rude to say your kind, but that's all I'm coming up with. I don't want to starve either side of pleasure during the...
This. This is what I'm going through.
I don't suppose this is just my J function rearing its ugly head and deciding that these people are a waste of my time, huh? It's starting to seem that way the longer I have to calm down from this...
I've been having a rather uncertain time in my life where I'm shrinking away from people I don't initially trust or feel like they're a waste of time, and this has almost taken the label of shy for...
You make it sound so easy. *sigh* What's worse is that I'm sure you're right. It's just that my patience levels don't allow for that type of topic searching during conversation when I'm at the stress...
That's what I do when I'm on my own. This is when my boyfriend decides to introduce me to someone new for the sake of integrating me into other parts of his life. These are the required...
I can't seem to limit my contact with them. They're everywhere. It doesn't help that I'm a high school teacher and am inundated by the SFs.
Yes, I have other NTs and NFs that I hang out with for balance, and they surround me at work and at home. As for why I'm dating the SF in the first place...that would be the million dollar question....
Nevermind. I figured it out, I think. I have to be out of the ENTJ section before that shows up.
I definitely feel the same way. I can socialize like a beast with anyone and anybody so long as I have an endgame. If I need something from these people or have to teach them something, I can talk to...
I'll discuss this or that with them for a few minutes and then observe them interacting with others, as they're not usually so deep in conversation with me that they can't flit from person to person....
What problems do you have the with SFs and FPs? I'm curious if we have the same kinds of issues.
I...I'm not sure how to respond to that image, so I'll divert with a question:  How do I get my MBTI type underneath my username on the sidebar?
*crickets*
Either that or you've never played Pokemon...
That doesn't change when you get older. I'm going through the same thing and I'm well out of college. You just have to find your person or small group and then accept that class will be a completely...'"


5728: 'Enfj
Resting Steve Job's personality type on the fact that he is pushy and then associating that with Se...You must excuse my response Boolean11 but that's just silly.  Te and Se acting together form a...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OC3qFtgeogE  More and more leaning towards ENTJ... 21.55
I just watched the whole video and I think I can come up with some valuable insight based on my previous experience.  When I was younger there is not doubt that I was introverted. I was shy around...
Totally Ni
If you looked thoroughly enough you would have seen where I describe his use of Ni on multiple occasions. Also you asked me to point that out so you're the one that has to defend why you think...
I've given numerous examples earlier in this thread so take a look for yourself.
. You clearly don't intuitively get that he's an INTJ... Everyone wanted to say it no one manned up
That's right!
Come on...  N might not mean smart but does Sheldon ever hint at protecting the establishment? Does he not belittle all those who perform mundane day to day jobs? I want you to name me one ISTJ...
Ni: It's like starting from a point, a general idea about something. Then Ni starts to dissect this idea, dive deeper and deeper uncovering more truths as it goes along. Contrary to Ne which would...
From my personal observations:  CEO - ENTJ, INTJ Visionary - INTJ, ENTJ, ENTP Inventors - ENTP, INTP PR people - ESFP, ESFJ, ENFP, ENFJ Marketing - ESTP, ESFP Accountants - ISTJ Middle...
Sherlock Holmes 2  Hello INTJ brothers, not to say this is a movie you would enjoy but I very much liked it. For the most part it was due to the main character and most of all the antagonist. Whom...
What i'm getting from this is that cultural influences may change the order of your functions to make you a P or a J but won't necessarily change what functions you have initially. Then again in the...
“He who knows not and knows not he knows not: he is a fool - shun him. He who knows not and knows he knows not: he is simple - teach him. He who knows and knows not he knows: he is asleep - wake him....
-Brilliant -Shy -Inventive -Quiet -Non conforming -Independent
Yes I was waiting for your comment Childofprodigy ;) Thanks for the feedback.  I have to agree with your observation. It turns out that I have a Korean friend who scores SJ as well but that's not...
Reading over various websites on the statistics of the MBTI and how these types are distributed, I got to thinking that the results may be from USA surveys. Now, I am very curious as to how these...
I agree with every point you made Serial Hero. The one that was the most obvious yet you didn't address is;   - The blind submission to authority by the masses and the self inflicted ignorance to...
That's true, Vegeta was above all ambitious and planned for everything. I didn't think of this one before.
Because shes an amazing gamer, has good coordination, is dramatic and aspires to be a performer; to name a few.
As a follow up to my post a few months ago, it has now been a month after my competition and the result was just what I planned. First place in my weight class, first place over all, and first place...
Well i'm curious, what change should the world see in your eyes?
Already started sweetheart, a group of ENTJ's began working on such a thing earlier this year!  What vision of a new world do you imagine? How do you want to change things Loyalgirl?
No offence MK but you ENTJ ladies are in short supply. Still to comply with your request i'll add this one  6. Wish I met an educated, strong willed ENTJ woman to complete me!
@ Soured Lie   It appears that i've found my soul mate ^ ... Too bad you're a dude  Are there any female ENTJ's that share his views?
1. I am fearless when it comes to people, that is to say that I am intimidated by no one.  2. This fearlessness allows me to unlock a lot of mental barriers that would hinder most people from doing...
This is all a load of Hokum... That is all.
Haha so that's what that is... I have no idea why it's called a loop tho, like what is actually happening to those two functions and what about the introverted functions, doThey just disappear for...
I never heard that one before, What is it that they do or say exactly?
I posted this thread knowing exactly who would respond since I posted it in the NT forum. I posted it to follow a trend I noticed throughout the forum.
I've seen this question arise many times on our forum, so I was curious as to what you all thought of us. Be brutally honest without unnecessary insult. Thanks ladies and gents!
At times it can be difficult to balance my ambitions with present interactions because I'm so focused on what could be that i sometimes miss what is. Having a well developed Se counters this.
Is it safe to say that INTJ's are suited to score higher on arbitrary tests of Intelligence quotient then?
One of my good friends is ISTJ and I have to say that I love the guy. So much can be learned from someone who operates differently from you and I make sure to keep our relationship a intellectual...
100% true for me
I came up with this thought just a few years back. The implications are mind boggling! Just the fact that, any choice you make no matter how unpredictable you try to make it seem; Can be traced back...
http://http://www.google.ca/imgres?q=The+universe&um=1&hl=en&rlz=1C1SKPL_enCA417CA419&biw=1280&bih=699&tbm=isch&tbnid=MtLAW7eRRysDMM:&imgrefurl=http://www.seopher.com/articles/the_internet_is_just_lik...
I have to agree with this world view
Our greatest fear is that we are inadequate, but we are powerful beyond measure.  Everyone perceives. Not everyone perceives at the same level. I like to use the analogy that in every one of our...
That's just great man! Though in social situations Fe should help you out right? of course unless it's underdeveloped.     Yes yes, with every inch we just feel 15 feet taller
You definitely reak of Fe. < I said that only because I suck at using it and therefor all Fe users suck :P  Isn't it great to find out who you are though?
That being said, it's up to us to bring order to that chaos. As it appears, the universe has finally awoken... Or is our freedom of choice just an illusion and our very decisions can be traced back...
How did you come to this realization?
INTJ's? great people. Where would we be witout them?   If we consider the tremendous contributions they brought to society, it's clear how much we need their vision and foresight.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L53gjP-TtGE&ob=av3e
This is a hot and stimulating debate! keep it up  Also, it seems to be answering the orginal question posed by the thread.
I'm not denying that it's important to have balanced cognitive functions! Not at all. I made an observation based on what you said and I don't expect anyone to make assumptions about my stance on the...
If you associate mental health, stability and maturation as characteristics of Fi then I suppose so. Though i'm curious how you came  this assumption. Comparatively are you saying that Te users are...
This is a great idea for a thread! It should be noted also that; for these individuals who reached their full potential, their suppression of antagonist functions is apparent.  Ex: Napoleon ---->...'"


5729: 'I'm questioning my extroversion.
Usually I'm in between two things to do.   I finished something and I had an idea of what to do next but I don't have the motivation or energy to do it or is bored by it so I usually waste some...
Interesting, I got INTJ the first time I did a MBTI-test (16personalities) so it certainly is possible. When you talk about operating in my shadow functions, why do you think that and could you give...
I give my permission if anyone feel that they are up for it.
I got my hands on a code to a self authoring program today so I'm thinking about that and if it will help me in some way. Either way it will be a fairly interesting experience.
I saw your name before I entered the thread and thought you would probably be typed an INFP. So based on my presumption and preconception of an INFP it's accurate.
47% ENTP 16% ENTJ 12% INTJ 10% INTP 2% ENFJ  Well, other people have suggested ENTP for me before and I've started yo think that I may use Ne and not Ni.
Would probably go with ENFP.   -   1. I enjoy history, especially war history; like the battles, commanders and the strategies used. I'm also often fascinated by the people in power like...
> Did an MBTI-test yesterday. > Got INFP > Have a personality crisis  > Let's consider the possiblity to see when I have fucked up. I mean, I did fuck up somewhere, either when I did the test...
That's how you know you have common sense.   Though with that said I must say I'm the real life version of Professor X; my use of Ni is so high that my hair is falling off.
How dare you be your own person.
~Back to the writing board~
Not entirely sure but dark humour or insensitive jokes may be a T-thing as I can see an F find jokes like that morally wrong and reprehensible or just not wanting to upset people around them.  ...
I'm not sure ENTJ is my type after all; Se may be my inferior function rather than Fi.
I thought it was well known that a big part of this forum is a massive circle jerk.   -  When you prefer to give solutions instead of sympathy.
I'm the same; once a teacher told me to read through my answers and instead of spending five minutes to read through them I pretended to read through them during that time. That was an utter waste of...
1.) Dramatic 2.)/3.) Adventurous and Vigilant  4.) Serious  Lowest: Self-sacrificing   Not sure if It fits, I may have fucked up when answering the questions.
I have to feel comfortable with the new people/setting both in real life and online to feel comfortable talking/writing. However, in real life I can get really talkative when I get comfortable with...
Who gives a shit? was one reaction I had but if I had to guess I would guess that xSTPs or maybe even xSxPs would make the best spies if I think about the James Bond-type; if I had to make a guess...
The description I found to correlate most with me was the ISTP one.
So, what you say is:  Sensors usually don't read long posts.  Intuitive usually read long posts.   Because you think that you act more like a sensor when you aren't serious (when you don't read...
Is this a genie that is good or malicious in nature? In other words, did I summon the Genie from Aladdin or the genie-version of Jafar? If I managed to summon a genie that clearly is evil in nature I...
When you don't want to take a standpoint whether you lean toward extroversion or introversion.
Kajada  I could see Fi in some of your examples, at the very least F if I should be less precise; I guess I also see signs of introversion. I'm looking for Se (your aux) but can't really see it/pin...
Okay, so your problem is that people are dominating the conversations without letting you talk? Before you got on the internet to complain did you do something like this:  - Talked to them about how...
I've gotten an ESFP vibe from you earlier but ExFP seems fitting.
As I see it, I'm no expert, it's probably not that unusual to relate to more than one type if it is between types that share some functions; with the same functions they will share similar traits and...
ENFP seems plausible.
6/80  Have done this test two times on different occasions; got 6/80 both times. I actually thought I would get a higher score this time around but apparently not. Seems a little low, however I do...
Kajada  You got a lot of nice suggestions for ENTJ-animals in this thread and then you choose the walrus? Apparently you like to live on the edge, however let's embrace the walrus when you so...
No, but not so long ago I thought I didn't fit in any mbti-type.   The problem was that I looked in the wrong places.
When I'm on here I usually find INFPs cute and adorable at the first glance but I quickly realize that I, in general, would tired of up an INFP partner really fast. To be fair I would guess that an...
Lion (mainly), Gorilla and Bull are suggested for ENTJs? Saw Meerkat suggested at the beginning and even if I can't see that as clearly I still enjoy the idea.   If I would suggest a bird for ENTJs...
Blue Ribbon  Thanks for taking the time to type me; a plus for throwing in other things like the enneagram, now I have something to go on when I start looking into those things in the future. I...
Links:  http://personalitycafe.com/intro/957242-king-kings-have-entered.html - Introduction  http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/975554-se-si-ne-ni-one-my-main-perceiving-function.html -...
Every other day with shampoo and I try to plan so that I combine that with my training schedule so that I don't need to shower more than necessary. If I train a day I wasn't supposed to shower I only...
I don't think I really regret something; I may question why I didn't did things differently a short time after I did it/something happened but that question does disappear after some time. Regretting...
If I go by my understanding of Fi it really seems as if you have Fi as dom/aux.   I would suggest to not read descriptions (at least not to use it as a main way of typing yourself) of the types but...
Victoria7  It sounds like you are an introvert but you could be one of the introverted extroverts (ENFP as an example, like people above suggested) but I would probably bet on Introvert.     I...
Well, I've yet to explain Fe/Fi properly to myself so I don't want to mislead you there; I know that my sister (who most likely is an ISFJ) also have trouble with watching violent movies because she...
This time I got a result that would correlate with an IxTP type but the last time I did a big five test I got SCOEN or SLOEN (I don't remember which) which correlates with ESTJ.
At the moment I'm questioning Tarkin being an ENTJ and if you compare Krennic (who people and me type as an ENTJ) to Tarkin I think there was a certain difference; sure, people of the same type may...
This sentence made me think about Fe, I'm new to this though so I may get reprimanded for saying that.   However, I do recognize myself in your description in regards to the extrovert/introvert...
Well, I'm not sure if I'm an extrovert or introvert (leaning toward extrovert at the moment) but I thought I was an introvert for a long time. Reasons that make me doubt I'm an extrovert;   - I'm...
The first word that popped up in my mind was artistic.
xN(F)P, F solely because you brought up the part about animals; otherwise xNxP.   1.) I'm working in a store and even if I think I haven't gone out of my way to be nice to customers they seem to...
I've realized that I usually evaluate if something I'm doing is worth it or not; what am I going to get back by spending time doing this? I'm playing a game and then I start to think if it's worth...
Another scenario from yesterday. We sat in a group and the teacher checked who was there but she missed a person, let's call him x and I started to think about it. Like, shouldn't she ask where he...
INFx; I couldn't nail down the J or P but I guess I thought of Fi when I read it which should have made me say INFP if I had thought about it a second longer.   1.) I hate when people say...
A friend had forgotten his bag in a place today and we talked a little when eating; I asked him who would entertain me during the lecture if he was going to get his bag and he asked me to tag along...'"


5830: 'I'm ENTJ. I don't really care for K-pop or Asian music in general. I don't mind European music. I like a lot of Eurometal like Avantasia, Helloween, and Hammerfall, and of course Rammstein. I know...
Honestly this seems unhealthy. I prefer to become fixed on a goal instead of nostalgia. Perhaps I should though. I'll try it out perhaps.    Well, I certainly was expecting a certain answer, but...
I am not sure anyone one else has had this problem, but I feel I get too obsessed with a goal and I tend to ignore all other outside forces. Currently, I am preoccupied with getting into a good...
Reevaluate what matters. Your grades and studies likely matter more than your social conversations. Focus on what will get you farther in life. Disregard all else besides the necessities.
OP is just begging the pornographic search query, ain't he?
I agree with the above posters. I hate when people question my intentions or my integrity. I have had people bad mouth me and I did feel lonely for a few days. I then got over it when I thought about...
@bexaddai  I've done the same exact thing. It's as much for him as it is for you. I did it to stop MYSELF from interacting with a girl. It prevented me from wasting my goddamn time, and it kept my...
I think in general, people give way too many fucks about most things. It distracts them from thinking about important stuff and it causes them to not have the required forethought for sound decisions...
I try to do this from time to time and I actually did this today. I wish I did it more.
I think you need to try to broach a topic with him individually as others have said. I personally hate to be interrupted.
There are descriptions that are far worse, OP. At least they try to provide in-depth analysis. They aren't successful, but it's better than a lot of dribble you see perpetuated by people.
Aquinas and Descartes both use ontological arguments to justify God, and Descartes is much more complicated than something an 8 year old could make up.   I'm no huge metaphysics fan myself, and...
Sounds like the Randian perspective. Not everything can be classified with facts and objective knowledge. That's why we have metaphysics, and why we have epistemology. It's a silly argument to say...
Hitchens, while a funny guy, is a joke to any one serious about philosophy. His critiques of atheism read more like a teenage rant than a piece of refined prose. Mackie is much more legitimate if you...
ENTJs hate being controlled by immaterial things like emotions. It's makes us feel weak to be constrained and shackled by the intangible, frivolous, and seemingly random nature of emotions. Our...
I play video games and follow sports for fun. Work/school is what I base my life around, then I decide when to relax (and where I can pick up extra hours). I'm a very big math/logic guy, but I'm a...
ChristynJ  Game of Thrones seems a little over the top I agree.   I guess I consider myself pretty close to my friends and family, but I wouldn't describe myself as sweet at all. How do you...
I agree with them all except this guy.  Is that Kuby guy really an ENTJ? I can't imagine an ENTJ being bought off that easily and serving as a lackey to stupid people like Saul. If Kuby was...
I'd describe as hawks. We don't always go all out or 100 percent, but we like to focus in on one thing at a time and succeed in that one thing. We also don't really like to fuck around (unless...
Eh. I wouldn't go that far. I was just saying that I'll try to be less caustic towards you (as hard as that may be for me).       It's not edgy, as it just is realistic. I believe it accurately...
It's tough: on one hand, I believe that if everyone acts solely in their own self interest, it is a zero-sum game, but I do agree with the evolution point bearsfan1823 made. I don't really know what...
Think of it like a data table. You are going to mentally lay out a data table with all the information you were aiming to collect from ENTJs who respond. You would get responses and demarcate the...
It's not inherently a bad thing, but it's a common question on this forum. Think about what MBTI is for a second though. It's a way of using contrived types to describe personality. Is there a...
*rolls eyes* It's another person who wants to understand us. Like Chaerephon said, read this forum and go on typology websites and read descriptions of the ENTJ.     I like what I like and what...
I sure as hell like to get stuff done and I definitely like to have things get done. That doesn't mean I don't have lazy days or days where I will decide to work a little less on work. We are just...
Not sure why you think there needs to be a purpose for a type when they are just a contrived way of typing people based on psychological theories. There is no purpose to why ENTJs are this way or...
I forgot about that. Their initial money they can invest into the stand isn't actually their own, so they have almost 0 costs. I guess you are right: their revenue is basically their profit.   I...
I hope that makes you feel better. Making people feel good about themselves is important to me, and I hope you aren't angry or sad about something I said. Do you want anything that could make you...
About the lemon aid stand: my friend thinks I'm a dick for always making fun of some 8 year old girl's lemonade stand. Why the hell should I pay 50 cents for lemonade when I get 12 oz of lemonade at...
A lot of those experiences that your child has had are quite similar to the ones I had a child. She enjoys arguing just for the hell of it, and acts like the proverbial rebel without a cause just...
Describe the experience of the gun being pulled on you. Was it a robbery? Was it a murder attempt? Did you get away? Like what happened and what was your response?
I'd be blunt with her (or get someone else to be blunt for you). I'd tell her that the company is being ineffective with her current attitude, and she must improve. Tell her that she has the talent...
What is your MBTI type? I'm an ENTJ.  What would you consider your deepest rooted fear? I have a fear of being afraid. I feel fear is synonymous with weakness. I hate weakness and vulnerability. ...
I always get on people about being ignorant about stupid stuff such as history. Don't talk about how Hitler shouldn't have invaded Russia if you don't know a lot about Operation Barbarossa... I...
Sounds you need to stop talking to a layman like myself and immediately see a psychological professional. If you can't stop thinking these heinous things, SEE SOMEONE.
It's not strange, and it shows you can think and have some inhibitions, which is good. It's bad if you start acting on all your whims.
Nice job OP. You achieved your goal because you elicited a response.
I tend to like the night, but I usually just prefer what is pragmatic based on my daily schedule. Refusing to adapt your internal clock is a sign of weakness.
Positive thinking!!! I guess I'm a cynic who gets shit done and hates people-which is why I tell them what to do I guess.
Pretty sure they are all rare. Estimated Frequencies of Types - CAPT.org
I use fear of failure as a good motivator. The possibility of failure motivates me to avoids looking like an abject disgrace, and pushes me to be the best, because I expect everyone else to be as...
If you run, make sure you know what the constituents are concerned with. Appeal to what they think is important. If water quality is an issue, say you will improve the water, or if school vouchers...
That seems pretty accurate. I often use examples and metaphors when I talk and write. For example, I'll often compare picking and guessing things to Blackjack/21, or I'll compare any teamwork...
I'm not a narcissist. I'm perfect in every way and I have no flaws, so there's no way I could be a narcissist.
I refuse to deal with people who are ignorant on purpose because they think being stupid or incompetent is cool. Self deprecation is important, but stupidity should not be rewarded. I fucking HATE...
Jung himself said he was an INFJ I believe. He said Freud was an ISTJ, too, I think.
I actually have emotions, I'm not an asshole all the time, and I'm only vindictive sometimes. I also enjoy having fun and I sometimes take a short break from my misanthropic attitude--but only when...
I think you really sell ENTJ leadership sort though. I pick and choose where I lead, which is a few shades different than what you are claiming is atypical ENTJ behavior. There's a couple of ships...
I can somewhat empathize with you as a male ENTJ. We like to have things planned out to a 't', and romance is one of the few arenas that this is not possible. ENTJs are not particularly spontaneous...
Yeah. Loved it. I love math and mental math specifically. I'm good at it, and I I've always been interested in gambling--especially blackjack. It was pretty great. I identified a lot with the main...'"


5836: 'lol well this is fun
I wish we had a chat room I get so bored at night and I never sleep...
I can knock out a 20 page paper in one night from scratch. reply soon and maybe I can help, I'm procrastinating.
I'm so great its literally a crime that I don't have a girlfriend right now. It's not for lack of options its just I cant seem to attract anything better than a 7 to any sort of relationship outside...
this got real gay real fast
^no homo but I think I just found a guy here who might be better looking than myself.
I'd like to sugar your tits.
hahahahahahahahaha   hahahah  yes.  except I'm straight.
lol I'll have a seizure if I watch that gif too much.
greatness. same as always.
I'm just gonna leave this here...cause I like you guys.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aaiq7XqpVm4
warrrrg what a depressing week. Great things are happening but I don't have anyone to celebrate with ):   things have been so up and down for me lately. Roller coasters suck balls.
loneliness is the most painful of all human experiences. If you can overcome it you will be much stronger for it.
try to find a preventative health doctor. There are specialists out there who will help you set up diets that will keep you really healthy etc. You'll spend a good bit extra on food but you won't get...
think I finally know who I want to date, and its mutual (: we don't live that far apart so I have hope for this relationship (: she's really great.
man fuck my life I had a promising date and it really sounds like she doesnt want a second one. I suppose there will be others but they have been pretty rare lately.
people probably think I'm being a dick to you..  wait.  ha
I want my pilots license yesterday.  I want a girlfriend who will leave me alone 60-70% of the time but who loves sex as much as I do.  I'd like a job that I enjoy.  I don't really have much to...
lol
for my date to be really awesome this friday
I beat myself up for being lazy
talked to an adorable blonde girl today, she's a double major in micro biology and something else, anyway I was intimidate fuck my life because she thought I was cute. She's my neighbor though so...
learning how to fly it is kind of a pain in the ass, finding the right instructors and whatnot.
airplane acquired.
I'm getting a fucking airplane.  dont tell the entjs they will lose their shit.
dont be weak.
good quality women everywhere. Can't seem to make it work. i dont fucking know, I don't really care anymore.
Don't know if I ever want to be married, also don't have unrealistic goals for human beings as much as I used to, but I am very tired of being alone when I'm constantly surrounded by quality.
we all have off nights as guys, where we just arent that attractive for whatever reason.  fml I hate those.  I was super drunk so that contributed.   anyway, tired of being single....
college - unless you're getting a technical degree as long as you go somewhere better than community college that's all that matters.   with those scores you can get a full ride to a GOOD school...
met someone very special here about 2(?) years ago, we talked/skyped every day for a few months and then lost contact, a few years later we found each other again and it looks like we're picking up...
yep.
hello my infp friends, I have some questions for you  do you not like parties bars?  because recently I've really just shied away from the whole scene, like tonight I literally stayed home by...
sensitive much? damn lol
thats it...hide the crazy until its too late.   #ivedatedthatchickbefore.
this is accurate from experience.
damn gets kinda rowdy in here eh?
haha I do
I wasn't ever bragging, a few people just assumed I was because they are insecure. Regardless I won't be posting here again so you won't have to worry about it.
waaaarrrg money wtf you rich pos i bet you didnt earn it.
hey i sent you a message like 3 days ago!
I mentioned money in the entj lounge and like 3 of them freaked out immediately and started spewing hate.  wtf is wrong with people? why does money make them lose their minds?
Ashton Kutcher Acceptance Speech - Teen Choice Awards 2013 (High Quality) - YouTube   im just gonna leave this here.
god. I don't have time for this. see you...never.
its not what you study its who you know. Unless you do law, then you have to make good grades.
I drive an 09 370z, nissan is a friggin fantastic deal for the cash. Same engines they put in the infinity with a 10k less price tag.  besides when I was buying my 2nd car I drove up in a busted...
I don't really care if you're impressed, pissed, poor, drive a horse, have 10 billion dollars, or think I'm a phaggot. Take your own advice and deal with your own issues, stop being annoying.
I haven't graduated yet, by the time I graduate I will have a masters in industrial engineering, undergrad in environmental and political science. I wont write my whole resume here but its quite...
I'll probably buy a used one with low milage, it depends on the market, and you're pretty close to the truth, while I don't have a trust fund as sizeable as some 0 debt and a 6 figure salary + SOME...
Hey look guys I found a hater. Its cool bro you hate from your honda all day....'"


5846: 'In six letters: Ne VS Ni  https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/6a/0f/d9/6a0fd9bea9176e2cbb5f0608dbe662c0--tandem-bikes-umbrella-art.jpg
A lion does not ask for permission before he eats a zebra. Lions cannot talk and zebra will not listen.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWD7k6TrJ-g
The breakdown of the problem is:  - Intensity because fewest can cope with it in its purest form and even if they do, it generates unwanted side-effects - Deepness of feelings because rare are the...
I enjoyed reading your story but I just love the conclusive question terminology: I've catched in my net, I had to re-read it again:  1) He made you fall in love    2) You could not deal with...
ESTJ - Enneagram 8w7  8w7 granting him with instinct - which is misinterpreted as intuition.
Not only cool to listen to but watch too:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPo3KLZ4SpM
Not only cool to listen but watch too:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPo3KLZ4SpM
Upfront and to rectify a dogma of our society: In the reference book Encyclopedia of wars from authors Charles Philipps & Alan Axelrod, out of 1763 listed wars in history of humanity, 123 i.e. less...
xSFJs are often background noise to me. Especially when a conversation goes down to Fe input.  ESFJs are great enhancers though: Taking ideas & concepts, combining / enhancing them and make...
The distance was just an excuse to let you down.  It was just too easy to get your heart and blow your mind away. The moment he knew he had already won, he was wondering: Wait mate! Where was the...
You read the messages with the wrong lense: It is a mere fata morgana in your eyes and a sign of downturn in his.  Not sure you want to trade roles on that one.
Would be sad if we only had cynical terminator-like ExTJs around ;)  As long as you still believe afterwards in what you said while being carried away, there ain't nothing wrong with it.
I have difficulties seeing the point of this poll or much rather its result analysis i.e. possible correlation, witnessing the mixed-up questions.
PM me - it's my domain of expertise.  Will be pleased to provide you with guidance.
No - I just wanted to point-out the delicate way, although a bit obvious, you put that pitch together.
Je vous remercie pour le temps que vous m'avez consacré. Nous n'ennuierons pas votre chenile plus longtemps, Donc, messieurs... Mesdemoiselles... Je prends congé de vous et vous dis... Adieu!
I am not a big fan of Napoleon and there are more flattering paintings of him but nice try.
The magic with ENTPs: You do not even need to throw a ball at them :)  https://66.media.tumblr.com/56e811245058aaed3ebf7e8f12402366/tumblr_n572ditHrl1tuskmpo1_250.gif
Good sales pitch!       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdabFLMU82M
Pride comes before fall, ENTPs fall before pride.
If you have many of those trees, you might want to go from tree to tree i.e. up the chain, you will realize to 95% that the tree to be chopped and rolling is the one of the chairman / CEO. And the...
The true match depends on one's core values & motivations or to put it in M&A terms: Are you able to achieve a close-to-perfect alignment of interests?
Angela Merkel - a person who claims it's for your own good, while you get every piece of evidence speaking against it.  Don't be crazy, it just doesn't make sense - you sound like Angela
Are you saying xSFPs have remained stuck in stone age? ;)  With ISFPs - at least mature ones - I arrive to same logical conclusions. The only difference being that they can't tell about the what...
Thanks - will add those to my blacklist.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCebJodm0lY
What a waste of ISFJs:  The Battle of Thermopylae was over. Leonidas and his 300 Spartans all lay dead, as did the 700 Thespians who had stood by them. The Persian dead were said to number around...
Nope but would you mind moving out of my sight? Persians are getting impatient. ...
Short-medium range:   SIG 552 - commando or SIG 553 SB  http://www.imfdb.org/images/thumb/7/75/FallSkS1E07_027.jpg/500px-FallSkS1E07_027.jpg
Meritocraty is such a lonely word.
If this discussion was a fight, you would already be toothless
As long as it's not mine ;)  I have an African male friend (ISFJ) who tried several times to hold my hand when we were having a walk... I understand it's a proof of friendship over there but it's...
I do not expect anyone to wear whatsoever (as long as it's decent) and certainly not heels.  If a woman thinks heels give her super-powers or not - she's right.    BTW - to the cuddling squad...
You could argue that about pretty much every piece of ornament then - starting with women's armament.   At the end, I do not care if you wear a jean / t-shirt or a suit, what counts is how much...
I dislike wearing suits.   Receptionist: Did you come to fix the electrical problem? Me: No, I have an appointment with your managing director :cool:
Rivulet  My main point was and still is that INFPs are too much sweetness and in a too explicit way to be material for relationship - to me personally. Despite making little sparks when getting...
I was thinking of sweet but going through your list, I would add boring.
And that's why I usually don't intervene on INFP threads.   It ends-up like hitting moles:  http://urbananomie.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/2765541278_a18fe5606a_b.jpg
What would you associate with honey?
Indeed. Russia has means to bark - Germany (and EU generally) hasn't.  Si vis pacem, para bellum
It's like having honey for breakfast, lunch and dinner :bored:
If you want to have the right to bark, you should have the means to bite (To a Ukrainian friend about politics - 2015: Germany scrapped / sold 90% of its tanks - Russia got 1,200 delivered)
Do you wish to be great? Then begin by being. Do you desire to construct a vast and lofty fabric? Think first about the foundations of humility. The higher your structure is to be, the deeper must...
ESTP sub-forum - the most empty place around; probably filled with mistyped fellows.    https://uproxx.files.wordpress.com/2012/11/tank_abbott_drunk.png?w=650
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgXN0kO1JEA
Agree on the color, disagree on the model, I would go for the Cayman GT4 - way cheaper and it should be located in Germany; otherwise we could as well share a Toyota Prius...  BTW - Is it me or is...
When your friends speak about the car of their dreams, while you are working on getting it.
When the person reminding you constantly about it sounds like that ISTJ accountant you worked once with.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFheoVsUAIc
Humility, magnanimity (greatness of soul, great-hearted), cardinal virtues (prudence, justice, temperance, courage)'"


5898: 'Whoa alot of hate on Trump here! I thought you all decided he was the best choice for President! Crazy stuff! Anway ESTP. Doesn't appeal to socialist like most NFs.
Thanks! I appreciate it!
In college you moron! I was born in 1995. The oldest of the Generation. I am more successful than you! You're a socialist!
Where were the punctuation problems at?
I like how you NFs just directly avoid my arguments and just say something like that. You guys are just terrible debaters. Why just you want admit it. Also counterintuitive I am 172 cm tall and I...
ESTJs: They hate me as I am trying to push them out of the way. They won't back down. Though I get along when working as equals.  ESFJs: Okay I guess. Though a little pushy on your appearance. ...
First 2 replies. You both are wrong. Hell one of you are libertarians anyway. Don't even know why you are debating me girly. Also Socalism is evil and political correct. Also races and sexes need no...
I think shor people are the bane of society. Especially short women. Having to deal with them giving birth to kids at a higher rate than normal or tall women. Just sick. I don't respect a guy under...
Hey guys this is PhilipTheStone. I am sick and tired of people thinking they can argue with us. Fools! I have had so many people try to debate Libertarian thoughts and just fall flat on their face! ...
Fascism is more ESTJ like. Just saying. An ESTP society is about getting things done at the cost of crush a few people's feelings. America is supporting ESTPs more than ever. Though I believe soon...
I know this is trends but please bear with me. I noticed ESTP people getting alot of publicity lately. Peyton Manning, Donald Trump, Cam Newton,  Terell Owens, Jeremy Clarkson. These guys are very...
Yes! Why ask such a question if I never actually met any of them. They are such contradictory. They act like they are all bad and stuff but they show weakness. They cuss you out by apologize later....
Non English speaking NTs are almost a oxymoron. Well sorry I don't mean all non English speaking NTs. I meant the ones from European countries like France, Germany, Netherlands, and other countries....
An NF attempting to get a STEM degree is just a waste of time. No wonder college is expensive. Idiots trying to get degrees they know they can't get.
Well I found out something funny from a site to be honest about MBTI and religion. Now first off the most religious of all types was the one and only ISFJ with 58.02 percent of them being religious....
I am an ENTJ 8w7. Is that close enough for ya?
General to specific, specific to general x96 what does it mean? Means what it say What does logical mean? What is your understanding? Do you think that it correlates with the common view? How do...
As an ENTJ it will be hard to out dick me. I have going to political rallies with a paper bag over my head writing the opposite of what the rally stands for. So beat that!
So I heard Djarendee deleted his youtube channel. Any thoughts?
Se types make great action movie actors. But other than that I am not really sure. Though INTJs do have it as their 4th function but if it is anything like my 4th Fi then it is horribly developed.
I am of the PC masterrace.
Damn that is insane. 2002 Kids are out of grade school? I remember them being babies and stuff.
Pro choice  ENTJ
Feminist and fucking liberals! Fuck you guys. Just fucking quit. Just quit. Not like you are ever getting anything done!
5 percent flat for all!
Oh just fuck off with this kind of talk. In a fucking era were everyone is sarcastic. Including your child, including your grandmothers, including the people you will always be the bitch too, the...
I am going to love it when Obama is gone! He ran this country into the ground with his socialist views and political correctness and feminazi crap! Goodbye!
Vote Trump 2016! Get rid of the PC environment!
I also got canned but non SJWs all the time. I got my ass handed to me on tumblr when I called out fucking Cam Newton after the SUPERBOWL! The SJWs claimed that if it was a white guy that he would...
I think it is fucking useless. Social justice is among the most cringe worthy shit I have ever fucking seen in my life. Holy shit! It is beyond pathetic! The offender of this cardinal sin just need...
As an ENTJ I have been known to be hard on myself.
I have been told by a lot of people I am hard to come up to and speak to. People think that in the future and I going to just drop them all and leave if they get close to me. I have been told that I...
Well this is awkward. I am having trouble with some people at work. There is this group of people that I am not getting along with. 3 girls and 2 guys. Long story short. There is an tall ISTP guy...
Thanks for the advice though I have to say that I was completely out of it when I made this thread. Not myself :p   Just forget this ever happened. I am pretty sure I am an INTP based on the...
This has been confusing me for awhile. I recently learned about the cognitive functions and I have conclude that I am an INTP, after thinking I was an INFP. The hardest thing about finding out was...
Well to be honest  I am not exactly sure but I think,  I think  Well  Let's see
Nagisa Furukawa from Clannad.
It really doesn't matter in my opinion. Someone said earlier that all types have negative stereotypes. Us INTPs are seen as basically nerds and your huge um computer geeks that sit in their basements...
We would never get anything done basically. Though I feel there would be less war in the war. I see us all being eaten by animals and the human race becoming extinct quite early.
I never even taken a course of Spanish just saying. It was on my limited understand of what it is.
Nadie mierda en mi desayuno. Yo no como el desayuno.
The ISTP spectrum is a very broad spectrum. Just because you're an ISTP doesn't mean you're a genius.
Nun denn ich denke, es ist an der Zeit, ich Ihren Esel trete. Was ich sage, Sie sind zu heiß, um Ihre. Du bist sehr süß. Wollen Sie bis jetzt mich?  Ok then!
You have no extroverted sensing.
Don't do the bliztkerg again! I will have to send the little Russians, the smart British, and the loud Americans after you tall Germans again. Also what are you like 198 cm tall?
ISTJs and INTJs are basically one in the same. Though ISTJs are loud mouths who think that they need to be better than some low class guy just to say they are the king of all of their people and...
I kind of am sure that I am an INFP. I am not as kind as other INFPs though I guess. I can be an ass at times.
I am doing fine.  So you from Deutschland? Also what does Krispie mean, like a cross between a Rice Krispy treat and some kind of pie?
Ok Mr GOAT i agree. So GOAT how are you?
Why are ISTPs so tall?'"


5939: 'What makes you think that if you're introvert, you'd know it? Being an introvert isn't some kind of special condition, or lack of extraversion.
Energy source is actually a huge simplification. As Benty said, it's the direction of the libido (libido by Jung is our psyche's energy). An extravert is focused on external data, looking at...
Because non of the two points you made makes sense. Care to back them up?   Sent from my X5 using Tapatalk
Enneagram isn't by choice in the first place. And while ISFP 8 isn't the most common combination, it's definitely possible.   Sent from my X5 using Tapatalk
Show him the description of LSI (ISTj), socionics equivalent of ISTP.
I agree with most of them, but why ESFP for beast?
I'm not going to go into too much depth about the difference between Keirsey and Jungian cognitive functions here, but for example, he wrote (PUMII), that Jung confused introversion with intuition....
Do they have to be Keirsey sensors, or does cognitive functions work? If so, Alexander the Great, Napoleon and Caesar. To be fair, I don't know enough by far about any of those, but how they managed...
What in her seems to indicate Ni and Se?
Know what? That I'm not attracted to them? That they can deal with me?
I don't know what Stand users are, but I guess it's not too relevant to the point.  For the record, I have several close friends that can deal with me, and I'm not really attracted by other SJs,...
Care to explain why?
Well first of all, we don't see much of her cognition. She is intelligence in a person, and that's all we see from her. This makes it hard, if not impossible, to make an educated guess on her type. ...
Jester I'll just mention you instead of quoting all of the posts, as there are a few that I'd like to comment on.   First of all, knowing that Luke is her brother and that Tarkin is on the ship, is...
Yea, and not just her... The force in general.
Jester Why do you think Leia has high intuition?
What about Melisandre?
SpaceStation Carol A couple of questions:  There is a professional right next to you. You always see that you can't perform the way they do. Your feelings, thoughts and actions?  When you have to...
What about Ramsay as an ISFJ? I know, it sounds strange, but it does make sense.  The whole reason for what he did with Theon is because of the idea he had about his former friend. The general...
Lmiris, I don't have a magic recipe for you, because there is none. And honestly, it might be better to ask other ENFPs (or types that values but has low Te), because for us (and ENTJs), Te is...
The ones I've read is Gifts differing, Psychological types (Jung) and Please understand me II.  IMO, Psychological types is the best book there is to understand the basics behind MBTI, as it's the...
But it's not related to type. Which is what your argument was based on. Tywin saying that because Robb lacks experience isn't Si. It's common sense.
Thinking that someone with no experience in warfare would be a bad commander isn't related to type.
It's not like Si has monopoly on using experience for something. ENTJs does this as well. He's referencing that people in general get better by experience.
If someone would come to you and say that there are dinosaurs in another country, would you believe them? Tywin isn't saying that they never existed, (I didn't mean Tywin when I said that people...
Yes, I do agree that it was a great plan. And it did work. But the point is that his own commanders were against it, and that Tywin being Ni or Si wouldn't matter to that working. Because it seemed,...
His mistakes with Robb, Daenerys, his kids, etc, could just as well be Ni. I'm arguing that we have a hard time seeing anything beyond Te in him, because of unhealthy he is. His focus is purely on...
I haven't read A World of Ice and Fire, still looking forward to doing that at some point. But I still have an impression of their types.   Rhaenys seems like a sure Fi dom, not sure which. I'm...
Why ESFP over ISFP for Daenerys?
Those without an introverted function.
Correct, Te differs when it's dominant and when it's a tool. But I don't agree that our tools are more apparent. I don't see any reason why the base would be hard to see, or any good source stating...
Mantra why would mostly the auxiliary function show?
Either way, subjective or personal logic is the definition of Ti. Refine your theories, yes. But that's just it. Theories. Disconnected from reality. It's not uncommon for INTPs to reject facts in...
I could really see any ST type, more so ESTJ and ISTP, because of dominant thinking. He's all facts and reality. Possibilities aren't interesting, fantasies aren't interesting, it's all about what's...
Not sure how controversial it is, but Stannis Baratheon as ISTP. Ceasar and Napoleon as probable ESFPs.    killvmaim. I agree on Davos, maybe Brianne as well.
While it might be an interesting article, don't take it as MBTI. They say themselves that they're not working with MBTI. MBTI is built by Jung and works with functions, while 16personalities...
I see your point, but it's not technically correct. In psychological types, Myers talks about how the J in introverts is based on their auxiliary function, and that INFPs are dominant introverted...
INFj in socionics is Fi Ne, which correlates to INFP in MBTI.  What makes you think ESTJ - INFJ seems to be a good match though? The ones I know I'm not particularly close to, so I can't provide...
1. The one is a fictional dream that comes from too much Disney movies.  2. Intuitives wouldn't be better at it even if it was the case.     Actually, no. Most marriages ends in divorces. Not...
Why wouldn't we take much notice of them?
For the record, I don't think that the statistics are really that accurate. From my experience, SJs aren't quite that common, and NFs are a lot more common than they are supposed to be.
ISTJ, ISTP and ESTJ. I can't really see INTJ at all.
I'm not sure he fits the definition of superhero, but I'd probably prefer Iron Man. When it comes to superpower(s), intelligence, knowledge, wisdom.     Not really doing nothing, but times when...
It'd be very interesting if someone would do Stannis. For all three types he's commonly typed as. Not sure I can, but I'd be really interested in discussing it if someone did.
Depends on what kind of trip it is. My guess is that I'd have it in the back of my head for weeks before leaving, putting away things that I need, decide what I'll bring, etc. The packing itself...
Type isn't fully translatable. And ISTj in socionics is Ti-Se, while ISTp is Si-Te. So if we would translate, it'd be ENFP and ISTJ that are duals.
I'll go with Dany, that'll probably cause some debate.   So the most common typing I've seen for her is INFJ, while I'm pretty sure she's xSFP, most likely ISFP. The main differences being...
ColdWindsRising I'd jump on that train faster than Cersei to wildfire!
StarCraft seems great for ESTJs. I haven't tried it, but if I'd play games, that'd be it.
Right, this sounds very ESTJ.   On the other hand, the values of Slytherin is a lot more accurate for an ESTJ.   We do not prioritize work over results. I don't know where you got that from.   ...'"


5960: 'Urahara never seemed very introverted, and he seems far more Ne dominant than he does Ti dominant which is mainly why I get the ENTP vibe.  I would maybe be able to agree on INTJ for Aizen but I...
I always thought of Urahara as being ENTP and Aizen as ENTJ.   Also Byakuya seems pretty Si dominant. So I still think ISTJ for him. Hitsugaya seems more ESTJ also.  I'm also not sure about...
So true, and you're right I think the best way to describe her was a queen, haha. She certainly acted like she was expecting to be pampered or something.   NEVER AGAIN. Seriously NEVER AGAIN will...
I had a disgusting relationship with an ISFP for a few months. Its weird because I wanted it to work very much but it was just a disaster. We honestly were just completely incompatible. I would just...
I agree with these typings, except for Donna. She doesn't seem very ENTJ to me. Also, I think Kitty could go either E or I, but I lean towards E.
I could see Conan as an ENxP, Leno is certainly ESFP. I dont know where the hell people get ENTJ for letterman the guy seems very STJ to me. Also his Ni must suck hardcore just watch him in this...
I've known a lot of cool ISFP's and I don't think Ive ever disliked one per se. Its only that we don't seem to be able to interact as well as I'd like to lol. With some of the ones I knew in school...
he sounds like a good NPD candidate. (Narcissistic Personality Disorder)    Dear lord no.
I felt exactly the same way about Starcraft 2. I eventually bought it anyways purely because its the only RTS my retarded friends will play because of how user friendly they've made it. The MP...
ENTP for sure.   He even has that stereotypical xNTP child-like fascination with science, or at least that's what he exudes.
Hmmm... well, now it seems like you're more INTJ. I would explain the fact that you don't relate to the knowing part of the Ni description because the description is a little bad. Many people have...
The worst way to type, honestly. I know way way too many weird Se users. I'd go as far as to say most of the Se users (especially ESxP's) I know are far more outwardly weird than the N's I know. ...
It might just be me, but for some reason your voice reminds me of George Clooney. (I may just be bat shits crazy though)   I will eventually post with your type, I'm still thinking though.
I think you prefer Ni over Ne and Se over Si. So Ni will be somewhere in your function order along with Se... but the F v. T is fuzzy for me still. Although you say you get hurt by criticism (I never...
Answer these questions for me.  When working on a project where do you place your emphasis? the process of putting it together? or the final product? (Do you experiment with your perspectives to...
I always thought Snake was a stereotypical ISTP. Very bad ass Clint Eastwood-y type.
I always thought she was an ISTP
Dammit, I lied, I'm not that sure about my type.   I have an important question though. Which process would this point to? Auto creating something similar to a compare and contrast table in your...
Thanks everyone, I've now decided I'm definitely some kind of xNTJ. Any help on deciding between E or I for xNTJ's? (any specific, noticeable traits? or is it just the same E vs. I distinctions?)
She reminds me of this ISFP girl I used to know. (I know, that's a really inaccurate way of typing. Just had to say it anyways)  I have seen other forums try and peg her as an intuitive, and that's...
Well, after reading almost every sites descriptions on all the types; the ones that really clicked with me the most were ENTP, INFJ, and ENFP. (A few ENFJ ones clicked very well, but then others were...
I don't think it will help much but I took that test.  Extroverted (E) 50% Introverted (I) 50% Intuitive (N) 83.33% Sensing (S) 16.67% Thinking (T) 50% Feeling (F) 50% Judging ...
I'm still afraid to tell him, especially since hes so irrationally clingy to her. I guess I'll show him all the texts next time I see him.
I'd say that INTP's definitely act a little more goofy and talkative when in a comfortable situation. (like with a couple of close friends) I've known them to make really funny off the wall jokes and...
Hello all, since I know people don't want to hear me ramble about all my theories on my personality type in a long two page incoherent paper, Ive decided to make a simple description of myself to try...
Hoorah! I just avoided all contact with her, and now shes stopped sending me creepy text messages lol. Although I did get a lot of angry texts about how I'm an asshole for ignoring her for a while......
yes, shes definitely simple minded and clingy lol. I guess it wont hurt to try this out. Ill report back with the results!
I've experimented already and she's definitely serious. I don't want to really be mean either.... lol So I'm not so sure I'd do it that way lol.
That's exactly what I'm worried about. Which is why I am searching for an alternative. I feel I'm going to get adverse reactions from both sides.
Long story short. I went to a party over the weekend that was being held for my good friends girlfriend's birthday. (God knows why?) The awful thing is that the entire time his girlfriend was hitting...
I thought Ryan was an ENTJ with all his routines and things, but yeah I guess he did seem kinda ENxP'ish besides the routines.
So I'm thinking INFJ? whachoo guys think?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmXltMkWDwM   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CpEpPbc4g8
Lol, I couldn't even get myself to kill somebody who was actively trying to kill me. I just couldn't lol.  but yeah, it probably would solve some problems lol.
Nope, he definitely does not lol. He may pretend too, but in the end he always believes hes right.  Yeah, Ive actually considered counseling before. It seems like it could be potentially...
LOL, well thanks :D Its always good to know there are people who actually DO care :) .   And I guess that goes along with your type as well lol.   That's also another thing that made me feel...
Lol, Yeah I actually said that to my mom, but she just ignored me and told me to shut up so... lol. Guess Ill try again when the social worker comes or I mean my brother will.
Lol thanks,  Yeah, actually a social worker is coming to our house automatically because of the run in with the cops, so maybe that will turn out well. Also, my brother is being appointed an...
I appreciate the gesture, but... I'm a little confused as to what you were trying to say lololol.
As long as I'm not going to get arrested or something for kidnapping him I'm perfectly fine with taking him with me. Then we'd deal with some of the legal issues later. My brother says he will go...
So this is a little embarrasing, because this incident made my family kinda looked like one of those gross families you see on cops but oh well here goes.  My dad has NPD and a few other personality...
When I was little I used to troll the lord of the rings forums under the alias Bunghole Baggins.
I agree towards the beginning of the series he seemed very much xSTJ (he was practically michaels lap dog) but their was this point a couple seasons through where he became this independent schemer...
I dont think Jim is an ENTP. Hes either an ISFP or ISTP.  Pam is an ISFJ.  Ryans character abruptly changed when he got promoted. He at first seemed INTP then ENTJ after the promotion.  I...
The flaming lips baby!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jTuKHKIT4w&feature=related   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htQX4R9yHWc
So true. I really am open to any type of music.   But for some reason my friends thought I was the biggest dork when I was little because I was obsessed with funk music.  Heres a song I think...
LOL, I guess thats a legitimate enough reason.
I dont mind the hijacking. But I can tell you that their is already a thread about how F's can be just as rational as T's somewhere in these forums.   But uhh.. yeah I wanna hear a good...
In debates it seems he only engages in them so that he can show off his verbal dexterity or his knowledge. (a lot of the time its just that me and him literally end up not arguing about anything and...
Yeah I guess it does.   Do you know of any other ways Fi would manifest itself? Like maybe in everyday speech or actions or something? lol.
I dont mind you moved the thread lol.   But to answer your questions for I vs. E.   Well I mean I dont know what else to say besides that he doesnt shut his face when we hang out. The more...'"


5973: '@high_heels this sounds like a time for Dr. Sue Johnson, lol :) charming, funny, and relationship dramas aside, you might find her two books very enlightening on the situation and very likely...
As for ENTP men, I often found a lot of them IRL (in particular an entp 7 I know) to be damn sexist and I just can't deal. It's a kind of sexism and patting on my head that just feels icky- I would...
.
Welcome! <3
Welcome! <3
I lean on the left, but not to the point of libtardeness you frequently find on the left. Why do I have a feeling I'm going to regret posting this.
I've made a few grown men cry in my day. Not on a purpose though :( And not even thor-hammering them. (pretty sad)
Idk, *shrugs* I took what you said as an indirect compliment to me as an entj woman. WhoIsJake. I know how guys brag when something is good so :)
That's really funny. I'll make sure to make some score cards the next time I get lucky. LOL.
A lot of us like our intj men- it's no surprise. I always was curious about the bragging rights behind getting with entj females or enneagram 8's. hmm. What's it like?
if you bought it form the store, didn't open it then put it in the fridge 4 hours later, you will probably be able to keep the milk close to the sell by date, if not later.
If it was in the fridge before that, you should be alright, you could probably have left it out all day. A lot of things that determine the level of bacteria in the milk is temperature, what bacteria...
^this. this is the type of withdrawn self absorbed brooding that I would not be able to handle. it translates elsewhere. if they can't get it to the dates, they can't handle much else without some...
R&H's personality types (updated version) is one that comes to mind offhand that talks about this starting even at average levels.
Like no other. You know, like unique and in their own way.  she can sing it like no other!
Solves what? Actually, to think of it in reality YES. Because unhealthy 2's are so pervasive and under the radar with their manipulations they can wreak havoc without people even noticing it. Other...
Yeah, because I need to write an entire book on all levels to your satisfaction, not to mention you have people talking about the positive aspects here to balance it. Even in one example riso and...
There are enneagram experts themselves saying that even average health 2's are like this and have these issues, so please, get over yourself as well.  They ARE geniuses in this arena, and as I...
deleted, lol TMI even for me, lol. especially on a permanent online record :O
and indeed, I can be more of a doormat than any 2, lol. It's true. 2's get what they want, and they can bully like no other and get lots of 6's to do their bidding, and the narcissistic-bullying...
Very good point on Alexander the great! I was saying the same thing on another thread just a week ago or something, about 2's not being this cookie-baking mommies yet secretly manipulating away (they...
@seapebble http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/PersonalityCafe/misc/quote_icon.png Originally Posted by AnimalTheir own innocence is often a lost cause to them. Although, 8s have this tremendous...
Good luck!
the way 2's devolve to losing empathy and being so self absorbed and destructive, is where you meet an unhealthy 8, but still does not look like an 8 really. The same way way an 8 integrates to look...
Enneagram transcends gender, as you will come to find out as I was an 8 and he was a 2. But again, a woman being hard to get is not mistreatment on it's own, lol. If that's what you mean by falling...
I hate to say it but I think this is a common misconception about the softness and lovingness. One thing I can say about 2's IS that feeling of unconditional love (or at least what leads you to...
I was with an unhealthy 2 for a long time, and people just kept throwing themselves on top of him to do his bidding. It was fascinating, and I quite a few times I felt jealous of the support he could...
seapebble similarminds.com has enneagram quizes, that while it asks silly questions, for some reason or another has helped people start out to learn their type and results are usually insightful with...
That was a very moving and self aware and reflective post
I feel bad as I read these and it comes off as me calling you a narcissist (and that's not what I thought or mean) just the early warning signs and circumstances I pick up on that leads to those...
You talk about circumstances vaguely, and reading through the whole thing what nags in the back of my mind is that he is/was a married/attached man. Something you knew?
@Swordsman of Mana I edited my first post just before you posted this one, as I never actually thought 8 fit, but rather to explain the overlap in basic descriptions I have read. I typed that out...
In highschool some economics teacher gave us a short quiz with descriptions, I don't even remember exactly what I tested then but for some reason entp sounded like I what I remembered. I took more...
Welcome! I thought I was an entp in highschool or something. that was 15-17 years ago :o
I need to stay out of spamworld.
ROFLMAO!!!!!!!!!!!! Most epic thread title ever. Made me click it. I am so sorry for your misery, I am not laughing at that, just the irony and shittiness I can relate to as well, I was with an istj...
Grace I generally treat others with respect. I stop to let others walk in front of me. I'm especially kind to those that are weaker than me, unless they misbehave. Or to those that although strong...
I still see 4 :) and infp
you could also be a narcissist in the making or narcissistic, not just an 8. Usually that comes out by mid 20's. The more I think about it the less I think type 8 fits, and lean more towards 6.   I...
Lol, a woman playing hard to get is mistreating? :)
Honestly I think type 1's and 8's have a lot of overlap in basic descriptions, and according to naranjo social 8's (like myself) can look like type 1's. You can find examples of one-up-manship in all...
entp :)
I think it's obvious he's into you but not man enough to be honest with you about it. I don't mess or bother with men who don't pretty much get into my face to tell me they are into me. If they are...
I don't know if that would have been the best/effective response, but no need to beat yourself up over it. Thinking on it from his end he might be beating himself up over not being able to let go too...
Why do you believe she may have done anything to egg something on? Perhaps they simply had an online friendship or relationship at one point and it just is not working out anymore and he is not...
also forgot to write, make a police report anyway- just in case anything DOES happen down the line. You might be able to report him anonymously to mental help if he is serious, you might also refer...
Christ Almighty. I would say be prepared to be at least occasionally stalked when he is lonely and remembers you and until he finds someone else. I can get into that, and as an ENTJ, (and if by some...
Lol. It's funny because I have seen and talked to guys who said they didn't want children, but they got irked and shocked and I got all kinds of interrogations once they found out I did not want them...
She does not want them. Should the reasons matter? I don't want them either and that has been the constant since I was as early as 4 years old, but if some case I was forced to have them- I could...
Some folks think im an isfp- a part of me really wants to be :) it does come out now and then- and I'm the same way, no mind games, no wasting people's time- and also don't want children.'"


