3: 'I'm finding the lack of me in these posts very alarming.
Sex can be boring if it's in the same position often. For example me and my girlfriend are currently in an environment where we have to creatively use cowgirl and missionary. There isn't enough...
Giving new meaning to 'Game' theory.
Hello *ENTP Grin*  That's all it takes. Than we converse and they do most of the flirting while I acknowledge their presence and return their words with smooth wordplay and more cheeky grins.
This + Lack of Balance and Hand Eye Coordination.
Real IQ test I score 127. Internet IQ tests are funny. I score 140s or higher.  Now, like the former responses of this thread I will mention that I don't believe in the IQ test. Before you banish...
You know you're an ENTP when you vanish from a site for a year and a half, return, and find people are still commenting on your posts and liking your ideas/thoughts. You know you're an ENTP when you...
http://img188.imageshack.us/img188/6422/6020d1f9da6944a6b71bbe6.jpg
http://img.adultdvdtalk.com/813a0c6243814cab84c51
I over think things sometimes. I go by the old Sherlock Holmes quote.  Perhaps, when a man has special knowledge and special powers like my  own, it rather encourages him to seek a complex...
cheshirewolf.tumblr.com  So is I :D
400,000+  post
Not really; I've never thought of E/I or J/P as real functions.  I judge myself on what I use. I use Ne and Ti as my dominates. Fe for emotions and rarely Si. I also use Ni due to me strength...
You know though. That was ingenious. After saying it I really want to try it and see what happens with me playing a first person shooter in the back while we drive around. I want to see the look on...
out of all of them the rock paper one is the best. It makes me lol.  You guys are lucky :D I'm really high up on the tumblr system.
So did you hear about that new first person shooter game? I've been rocking the hell out of the soundtrack on my auto sound equipment that will shake the heavens. We managed to put a couple PS3's in...
No; The way he connected things was very Ne. Ne dominates are just as aware of their environments as Se dominates.  Example: Shawn Spencer or Patrick Jane; Both ENTPs.
Well charlie I will be the first to admit I do get jealous like you do. I chalk it up to my 4w3 heart mixed with my dominate 7w8. 7s and 8s both like to be noticed. 4's like to be known (not the same...
;D I'll upload the same clip with the mic away from my mouth. Than you won't hear anything.  Ninja Assassin style but with splatter.
Tik Tok is a really great song. As long as you can mental block out the singer. I love the beat it makes me bounce.
drop.io v1swck0  :D Mic really close to my mouth and smokin aces: assassins ball playing in the background.
Sociable =/= extrovert; I'm an extrovert and I'm not sociable. :)
Sherlock in the movie was an ENTP. Normally he's played as a EXTJ. In the books he's an ESTJ.  As I said. The movie looked good except for it being called sherlock holmes.
http://i817.photobucket.com/albums/zz96/kamioo/Dirtywinch.png
Oh, I never had fear of kissing a guy. I will kiss an animal too. So there was nothing to vanish. Just personal taste and me not liking it.  The guy I kissed didn't know me. It was one of those...
Sounds pretty much like my area and what I'm going through right now trying to figure out which way I want to take my life. I want to do so many things. The biggest problem is that I know if I don't...
;D I was operating under the impression that you were female. I never looked at your boxy. Okay, I help out my gay friends all the time and one of them has developed a little crush on me. I get red...
T_T You just described me  and I'm living the worst nightmare. I'm trapped in one place with one one around. Only dull woods. If I was a serial killer this would be the perfect place but sadly I'm...
TBH, and biased, sounds like a shadowed INFP. I think maybe he was hurt and turned ESTJ. I can tell because he has some of the typical INFP traits left over.
*Checks list* I'm sorry. It seems that you have came at a bad time. We've already reached our quota of INFJs. However, being you're female and I like females I will make you a deal. I will kick one...
I'm ANTP (Leaning toward E). I'm easy for both ENTPs and INTPs to identify with. :)
I also imagine ENTP's interrogations would go a little bit like Jack's from 24 except more mechanical. Rigging up shock treatment equipment in an abandoned building out of an old car batty, jumper...
It was a compliment :) Trust me. I'm just as psychopathic :D except I have emoticons. They're just weird ones. Like laughing when I get hurt or at people running themselves over with their lawn mower...
http://i817.photobucket.com/albums/zz96/kamioo/Thunderstorm.pnghttp://i817.photobucket.com/albums/zz96/kamioo/Thunderstormbw.png http://i817.photobucket.com/albums/zz96/kamioo/Cosmicstorm.png
No. It's like a theme for where I live and that is why I know it by heart.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5W73HaVQBg
and I usual don't leave until the thing ends. But in the mean time. In between times. You work your thing. I'll work mine :D  ;D I'm the MBP; Pleasure to meet you.
Damn, need to trust my instincts more I would have been closer I was going to say INFP.
EXFP? Leaning toward S with the way she responded.  :D My friends, even my gay and lesbian ones, always come to me for advice.
I bow to my entp masters ENTPs are so great. If it wasn't for ENTPs I wouldn't have been able to build what I'm building  Duck Duck  Duck  Shotgun
What? Me? I never do that >.> <.<
Because its hard to be sad about losing someone you like when you knew you were right and give yourself a big pat on the back because you're awesome and always correct.
Oh, you don't have to tell me that most of them are stupid. I know this. That is why I play with them and it makes me laugh. :D As I'm going to take Neuropsychology and I have a few psychologist...
:D I'm a Nightowl. I wake up between 6-7pm and stay awake till 10-11:30am.
Personal opinion backed by theory would suggest that INTPs are the most socially difficult. While INTJs can be socially indifferent but they will also use social situations if the the need arises....
Personal stocks that I have on my desktop that I've downloaded from random stock sites and stock photobuckets.
I'll tell you when I open photoshop.  :) Glad you like it static.
:D Thanks.
http://i817.photobucket.com/albums/zz96/kamioo/Deathgrip.png http://i817.photobucket.com/albums/zz96/kamioo/Deathgripbw.png  Made for a friend. Several hours of work. I constructed every line by...
:) Static: http://i817.photobucket.com/albums/zz96/kamioo/Statickitten.png  I'll have to get to your avatar later if one of my fellow teammates doesn't.
Psychologist don't keep me around long enough to diagnosis me. I like to toy with them. What I have diagnosis myself with and had a few psychologist friends (+ a few other friends) tell me I have is...'"


66: 'I believed in God all my life up until about a year ago. My mother was a very strong believer in God and encouraged me and my brothers to be the same way. She didn't force it down our throats or...
I lurk everywhere to be honest.
I had a bunny. Named Lola. After the Loony Toon. She shitted on me once.
I'm only 18, really.
Frequently.
I'm really a 54 year old man.
I was thinking this.  Anyway, my brother and a close friend of mine are ENFPs. Both are the shit. And I could definitely see myself with an ENFP girl.
Not really my kinda thing.
I fap with my left hand, if that counts as being ambidextrous.
Lasagna, steak, almost anything Mexican, chicken wings, and of course pizza. Don't really have a favorite restaurant.
Drake - Show Me A Good Time
Brand New - You Stole
I usually do it if someone says something funny or something I agree with.
My family and I were at a store and I was arguing with one of the workers. She called the cops on me and they arrested my whole family for some reason (Me, my niece, my 2 brothers, and my...
- People who act gangster and wear huge clothes or whatever. - Annoying couples who write extremely corny stuff on each others' Facebook walls all day. - People who say they don't like drama or...
Hungry. I haven't had anything to eat yet today.
Radiohead - The National Anthem
I was looking up info about certain types with a friend.
Batman (INTJ) & Iron Man (ENTP)
Not an INTP but:  Your Existing Situation                 Needs excitement and constant stimulation.  Willingly participates in activities that are thrilling and offer adventure.  Your Stress...
I do care about my image. I don't want people to think less of me than I think of myself. I don't care if people like me or not really, I just want everyone to know I'm the shit.
Pretty much this                                                                    .
No one really even goes on Myspace anymore and I have no use for Twitter, so I just have a Facebook.
dark midnight blue is what my favorite color is called apparently, but I like almost any shade of blue. Midnight blue - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Phoenix - Fences
Death Cab for Cutie - Transatlanticism
I think he's probably an INFP.
John Mayer - Vultures
Huge fan here. I can relate to a lot of his songs. I admire how confessional his music is and the fact that it has such a unique sound compared to most rap/hip-hop.
I don't really look like any but I've gotten the Smallville guy a few times.
I'm pretty sure my mom was an ENFP.
I'ma go with House.'"


84: 'Good stuff.  I used cpa excel to study and basically tried to learn a little bit about every sub topic - you can't get too bogged down in the details...if you catch yourself getting bogged down, look...
I'm not too familiar with bands, but it looks like an LLC is a good structure.  If I was going to pay the fees to set one up though, I'd just go ahead and create an S-corp as that is more formal and...
I think you guys all have a very traditional view of what the game entails.  40 messages on OkCupid? Dude, I try and get the number as soon as she shows a decent amount of interest (usually after...
If it wasn't for my dad's motivation, I wouldn't be doing it.  I'm pretty sure he's close to being an ENTP as well (less extroverted and maybe not as perceptive as me though).  His perception of...
Dude who said that never worked?  People in the pickup artist community swear by going in direct - with good delivery, a smile and body language, saying something to that effect WILL work...
Depends.  I'd generally do an s-corp if there's anything that presents risk (i.e. customers coming after you).  Yes, you need to report gains from bartering.  Of course, if it is a like-kind...
^^  haha.  This is what I'd let our tax team deal with.  Just for fun, I'd assume you'd recognize what ever gain/loss you experienced from the liquidating dividend.  Don't have the slightest idea of...
I'd venture a guess and say that ENTPs who don't apply themselves are fully aware of it and become extremely self-depreciating as sort of a defense from the judgement of others.  There sob story is...
you should check this out - watch it all the way through because she hits exactly on your insecurity:  Amy Cuddy: Your body language shapes who you are | Video on TED.com   Edit:  I can relate...
I recently moved back in with my parents, working a lot and studying to pass the CPA exam when I'm not working.  My social life is near zero at the moment.  It was painful at first, but I've gotten...
Yes, ughhhh its so difficult.  Currently I'm trying to pass the CPA exam (half way done), trying to commit to meditation, working out in the mornings before work (I'm not a morning person), and...
So as I begin my third year as a working professional, I've developed a financial plan for aggressive savings (moved back in with parents, 10 yr old car - no car payment, no debt, no GF, outdated...
PM'd you ^^^
I wouldn't suggest anyone go through 5 years of school and study for the CPA exam just to get an entry level position as an auditor, making 55K through 50-60hr weeks at 30+ years of age with kids. ...
My fam celebrates christmas which, as an 18-21 year-old, I grew tired of.   Now I'm somewhat over myself and enjoy it for what it is.  Also, its really the only time during the winter when people...
You mention having 15 years of experience in a field - couldn't you go into consulting?  Also, what's making your job less lucrative (and what profession do you have if you don't mind sharing)?  Is...
This guy's having mental breakdowns because he hasn't combined illegal drugs with sex like all the cool kids - its obvious he's going down the wrong path.  My brash response was deliberate.
Try looking in places where intelligent men frequent. If you're really in a league of your own, why don't you do something more fulfilling like medical research?  Seriously...why waste your time...
Quit over reacting.  Celibacy is not the bane of an ENTP's existence.  If its that bad, going to the gym and paying attention in class may help (your grammar is horrible).    I think you need...
Hey guys, I am interested in knowing if any of you have been in a rage-filled fight.    Me? I always walk away/apologize when things escalate (100% success rate).  This is mostly because I don't...
I actually find double entry to be fascinating - its such a simple concept and it allows you to break complex transactions and adjustments down.  I suppose its annoying/difficult to learn at first,...
No; first, I think everyone changes and develops.  Why?  because its guaranteed that their environment will change and require them to adapt.  However, If you meant this more in terms of the higher...
6-17 - automotive engineer 18-19 - business guy 20-22 - CPA 23/now - entrepreneur/consultant
I agree with the philosophy (but we all know that outgoing college students don't create the jobs available).  There are documentaries explaining how corporations turned 3rd world countries into...
haha wow, i'm surprised people found this thread and bumped it after so long.     First, I'm glad you're expressing yourself on these issues you're trying to deal with - its therapeutic and will...
Quoted for truth.    edit: here's a cheesy video.  although, the message is pretty good.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzBCI13rJmA&feature=player_embedded
Sounds like an interesting project.  The fact that you committed to a project for 2 years is quite impressive and speaks volumes about you.  You're ultimately living life - its the risk we take when...
Wow...I'm totally discovering my Fi now that I'm out in the real world, single and put under tremendous pressure at work.   I had no idea what love was when I was in college and constantly adored by...
Public auditing is a service that certified public accountants perform for corporations.  If a corporation is publicly traded (i.e. on the stock market), it's required to have an independent auditor...
Every profession will be a challenge.  There's no easy way to a successful career.  I, too, wish there was a way to be lazy, show a few hours of my brilliance, amaze people, get paid and chill the...
Sounds like falling head over heels.  I sorta get that way with love interests sometimes.  I'm aware of how illogical it is but also like to indulge in the feeling - especially when its reciprocated....
I was wondering how you all liked the profession and work.  Supposedly its a good fit for our type.
I'm about 2 weeks away from completing a solid year as an auditor for a small public accounting firm.  I was probably my most dedicated to the job at the 7 month marker and broke down at the 11 month...
While I completely agree on all your points - she needs to take a chance.  If theres any time for heart break, its when youre young.
1. You are: slightly dominant.  ideal partner would be nuetral/sub  2. foreplay beginning at dinner - making love eyes, whispering terms of endearment in her ear while tracing her hips.  lots of...
Accounting aint so bad.  work hard doing tendious boring things your first few years and get certified.  opportunities to do all kinds of interesting things will arise.
To be honest...its hit or miss, haha.  Sometimes I'm spot on.  Other times, I'm way off base.  It takes probably a good 15 minute conversation on more obscure topics/a battle of wit (like personal...
I dont really do this to people who show a genuine interest in knowing me since I feel its belittling to them.  Unless, of course, one of the first questions they ask is what I do for a living, haha.
It makes perfect sense.  As extraverts, thinkers and perceptionists, we can become overly sensitive to judgement and reactions.   The sooner we break free from this and build our confidence, the...
This is why you are an extravert.  I, too, get annoyed by the venues that night life has to offer.  So much so, that i went through a small depression because I isolated myself from it during this...
Come to think about it - this is on the initial first time or two of hanging out.  At some point I'll end up making an effort to talk to the person...but its usually really dry and safe topics -...
perfrect example of why we are too smart for their own good.  haha.  you know how I know how you're an ENTP? lol
Holy smokes - I feel the exact same way.  There's something about a person's gaze that seems to give insight into how smart/aware/perceiving they can be - I usually equate that with intelligence. ...
thats a great point.  I have the same exact issue with one of my coworkers who seems to get really frustrated with me not remembering specific details on 20 seconds of a 5 minute conversation on...
haha. I feel like such a loser when people walk in on me saying sh1t.  always a good time, haha.
Yup.  Definitely see eye to eye about analyzing people and saying things to trigger my desired responses and behaviors.  If people dont understand, they give me some funny looks when I talk about...
Got into the pickup artist community so I go out with a wing or two and hit on girls and analyze my game all night.
I only read halfway through my favorite book in highschool (1984), haha.  I've completed projects on my car - but thats because its my only car and I need to use it to get to work the next day. I...
Hire a good attorney, haha.  Branch swing to some fine young admin assistant woman so you can file MFJ and effectively lower your tax bracket since she wont be pulling in much.  Tax isn't my focus,...
Not sure what the situation is. but if your buddy has no clue, dont tell him. If hes heart broken over her, hes still possessive of her.  and by you essentially telling him that you indirectly caused...'"


92: 'I know an ENTJ and it's everything I wanted to be. So full of purpose and the drive to execute in the best quality, but intimidating. Some INTJs I met are pretty cool, you can leave them be and still...
Whilst engaging in a conversation, you've already anticipated the response two words in and your mind is already drifting far ahead. If it's not according to your prediction, you multitask anyway.
Yup.
yeah I know more than one language. By accident, because I'm born in a place that speaks more than one.
I'm not addicted to coffee, nor am I dependent on it to function, but I do drink it on some days. There are times where I just couldn't give a dime, and I wanted to seem like I gave a dime on certain...
I am going to bump this again. Thank you Doktorin for your generous response! I am able to benefit a lot from your advice and it has lead me to think more about my future career. Now, since I last...
I study mechanical engineering, and yes, I do find it satisfying although I can't lie, it IS a challenge.
Visual through and through, and then perhaps kinesthetic.
I've fallen into depression this year to an unhealthy level, so I will get that checked. I realized during this time, my mind wandered a lot. It made it more difficult to draw motivation to give more...
I love maths back in high school but not in first sight since I was naturally interested in Art. Boy, I get a kick out of solving problems in maths - the solutions just come together elegantly. As an...
I swear, forums looked especially exciting when exams are due. Amateurs.   Sent from my GT-I9506 using Tapatalk
Im a visual learner through and through, and I am well rehearsed in creating Visual Art. I believe my supposedly developed procedural memory gave me one thing - easeness of memorizing by actually...
Oho yeah. Yeah, definitely was a late social bloomer.   Fairly quiet and to myself. Observed people and theorizing human behaviors similar to some posts above. I was the youngest child, so my...
Oho yeah. Yeah, definitely was a late social bloomer.   Fairly quiet and to myself. Observed people and theorizing human behaviors similar to some posts above. I was the youngest child, so my...
Probably not helping in terms of drawing the line between INTP and ENTP, but as I was once in a similar boat -   How will an ENTP with a low self-esteem/confidence behave?  I assume that ENTPs are...
How about I do your assignments in exchange for my 3-hour hurdle engineering exams with a promise that you'll pass it for me.  *breaks down crying*
One of my best friends is an ISTP, or something like that. I have a head for some quirky ideas, and he has the hands to see it finish.   Despite our open-minded nature, there are somethings we dont...
http://images.tapatalk-cdn.com/15/11/07/10b7a13d161a4a71a23a30f64e628374.jpg  Bruh
http://images.tapatalk-cdn.com/15/11/07/0616b4e6f3107591ebf7388dde7f2e0a.jpg  Does art count as stream of consciousness?
These are all wonderful :D man, I wish I could join you guys and post some stuff. Anyone a keen conceptart.org user? It's an art forum where you post art and people give critiques over your...
This is why Personality Typing can be very toxic. For some, it can be limiting. For others, it fills up a hole and impregnates with ego. This whole thread is evidence.   For the interest of the...
I feel yah brah.   Sent from my GT-I9506 using Tapatalk
I relate to all of you.   Except that I fitted in more than I was bullied. The only time I was bullied was because a group of friends suddenly ditched a close friend who happened to be my cousin. I...
Dont know why I am instantly turned off by monetary/business related professions. My parents are both from an MBA background, specifically of finance and accountant. Ive always felt it is a dead end,...
I used to be awkward with it, actually can not respond to it appropriately to anyone. But now that I had a lot of practice hugging myself, I'm ready to take the world two open (upper) limbs and an...
I'll be uncomfortable at first from a feeling point of view, so it'll quickly make me embarrassed and I'm more likely to mutter it awkwardly through my teeth. Like everything else though, I can...
I'll be uncomfortable at first from a feeling point of view, so it'll quickly make me embarrassed and I'm more likely to mutter it awkwardly through my teeth. Like everything else though, I can...
I am not representative of the ENTP clan, just of myself.   I give more weight to my sentence, my point and relevant thoughts. Like most people on here, they're more considered.   In general, I...
Relate to muffinsplanned on the second bit, although the question in our group work is distinctive given the information..  So I've learned to adapt and only prioritize those that have direct...
All the ungodly pop songs because I seem to be bored of my own search for a niche music taste... since 3 odd years ago. Does bring me back to pop classics like Maroon 5's Songs about Jane.
Ooh, someone started fire!  Television adverts.  That, and people who can't seem to differentiate emotional argument and a healthy intellectual discussion at first sight.   But mostly television...
Y'all I need some help right up here.   Let me iron out some basic background. I am studying Mechanical Engineering at the land down under. At the moment, half-way through my Masters of...
Interesting location, makes hiding the evidences much easier. [emoji14]
Amazon does just as poorly too. ;)  (Rules apply)
After years of admitting I would never ever, I've finally mustered enough courage to come out now.      Taylor Swift's recent pop music is actually quite nice.  Damn it all.
I said I could get two tutorial papers done in 5 hours and that's being generous.. got through half of one still flipping frying derivations.  it's part of the student life.   Sent from my...
http://images.tapatalk-cdn.com/15/10/30/4d56988a36b2fabf6ed3f532ca2f88dc.jpg  Is this your work? [emoji14]  Sent from my GT-I9506 using Tapatalk
No need to be patriotic.
1. Are you shy? Yes, I was. I like to hover in the background and observe people as a kid as people around me prefer feeling types. I moved around a lot, so I eventually have to overcome my...
We were really just pushed into it as some of the advanced level students mingle with beginners and they came to have their moneys worth. I landed tailed bone first, imagining that I will eventually...
On the baby avatar above.  I laughed a little, thinking how ridiculous it looked. Then I was entranced by its eyes.  It followed me in every direction. It was demoralizing.   I had to change my...
I wouldnt give up my T, so I'll give up my F. I have a love-hate relationship with my Ne, sometimes I wish I could focus on getting things done quicker without getting lost chasing down the...
I have an INFP sister. We're never usually on the same step.   Living with her is like living in an apartment littered wires connected with LEDs. There are good days when the LEDs will light up,...
Dad: ENFJ Mum: ISTJ Sibling 1: ISFP Sibling 2: ISFJ Sibling 3: INFP Me: shy-ENTP  Given my background, my NT and inquisitiveness always backfired as trying to pick a fight. So I lived in my...
I attended Aikido as there are free trials for the first 3 classes for newbies. I researched heavily into which martial arts to adopt. This was the most practical. Ruined my tail bone for falling...
Inspiration google definition: the process of being mentally stimulated to do or feel something, especially to do something creative.  Going by the cognitive thinking of a standard ENTP which is...
I suppose ENTPs are wonderful, charming people with an exasperating amounts of energy their stink can be spotted from miles away. There must be something that drives you. Do you have an inspirational...
Is it any introvert of any combination? I think it's a matter of preference as well as what compliments your energy in some way. The exclusive classifications of introversion/extraversion repels me...
Thank f^$# you studied seriously last year for the first time in 6 years.
When your teacher calls out your name and not you personality type.   Sent from my GT-I9506 using Tapatalk'"


112: 'I'm dating a guy that I'm about 95% sure is an INFJ, and the mushy stuff doesn't bother me.  Mostly because his mushy comes in the form of physical affection vs sonnets or pet names.  However, once...
Now this makes me laugh!  I recently have come to terms with the fact that I might possibly have sex appeal and I'm not sure how comfortable I am with that.  When guys I think are super hot tell me...
I feel like some people don't always see the potential in a particular relationship that I can see. I'm big on possibilities. I think that probably also has played a part in the on again, off again...
I tend to be all over the place. I do the bohemian thing most of the time, but sometimes for work I'll go preppy in khakis, blouses, and cardigans. I rarely wear skirts or dresses unless they're over...
I didn't see any recent threads about this, so I thought I'd start a new one. I have noticed that I struggle with dating. I'm 31 now and feel like I may be getting a handle on the way it all...
I'm a terrible driver.  I get distracted easily and when I get to thinking about something I'll totally miss turns.  I'm usually late so I'm in a hurry all the time.  And I have no sense of...
I dated an INFP for 2 years. When he was happy or felt secure in the relationship, he was extremely loving and I enjoyed being with him. But if I hurt his feelings in some way, he'd do exactly what...
I've been in love with almost every guy I've dated longer than two months. And I've dated all types of guys. Of course it wasn't real love--it was loving the person that I could be with each guy if...
I went ahead and initiated contact.  We'd already not been talking, so what did I have to lose?  However, he was extremely apologetic and only didn't respond because he'd handled things so poorly and...
I forgot to ask if you'd be receptive to contact in my situation?  If so, how can I reach out without making it look like I'm playing games?
I can't speak for all ENTPs, but I know I'm pretty confusing.  It takes me a while to figure out what it is I'm feeling and I have doubts like everyone else, but instead of pulling  back to sort it...
I TOTALLY think it could work.  We did have a lot of fun and got along really well in a lot of ways, but we both had also come out of previous situations we needed more time to recover from.  Had we...
.   He said the issue wasnx92t that he didnx92t like me, but that he just wanted to slow things down. If his behavior hadnx92t changed and we were just seeing one another less, I wouldx92ve been ok. It...
I dated an ENTJ and the relationship went like this:  The night we met, I approached him. We talked, and at the end of the night I laid one on him. But the night ended badly and it was my fault....
I'm an ENTP female, and I'm pretty sure the guy I just dated is an ENFP. I still really like him as a person, but I think we were at two different places in our lives (I'm older, and he was still...
Is it wrong that I can't stop kiising you?   I was watching your eyes and could totally tell the exact moment you quit listening to my story...  I find you very easy to talk to.  You're...
As you get older, it will get easier.  I went through an akward phase when I was a bit younger, but now that I'm in my 30's I don't have such a hard time.  Yes, there will always be people who don't...
My friends all say they thought I was a bitch the first time we met. I grew on them though and now they're in love.
Interesting. I had a blow out with an ISFP I'd dated. Well, he actually blew, I just stood there in shock. There was a lot of name calling and blaming and I couldnt figure out if he really thought I...
I think he tried to do the quick escape thing by telling me he was going to put me in a hotel.  He said there wasn't really anything else to say.  I asked him why he asked me to come if he never...
I thought he was worth it which is why I went 2300 miles away to see him.  However, now I'm torn.  If I use my head and look at the facts I should be super pissed and hurt and take what he said at...
Wait a minute.  After reading through some of the posts by ISFPs about anxiety and relationships it seems to me that they do a good job of making others feel they're special, when really that's kind...
BassClef, the only reason I thought the friendship thing would work is because nothing really bad happened between us--we just weren't dating anymore.  Of course that was before my trip  At this...
I would really appreciate some advice.  I recently visited an ISFP guy that Ix92d dated for a few months.  We stopped talking when he moved.  I was willing to try the long-distance thing, he wasnx92t. ...
So, I think what you're saying is that he invited me impulsively and then realized he didn't like me as much as he thought once I got there.  Then he felt trapped in his own space and sort of lashed...
[QUOTE=WMDistraction;686249]I think there should be a warning with most ENTPs, especially when around ENFPs:  CAUTION: ONLY HANDLE IN SMALL DOSES[/QUOTE  Why is that?
I'm adding an additional emotion question since you guys are all so fascinating to me :laughing::  Do you often feel anxious around certain people?  If so, why?
Yeah, the last blow out I had with my ex went beyond where anybody else I'd known had taken things--like he just wanted to ruin me.  It's hard to describe.  Luckily the NT part of me knew that what...
I wonder if it the gender of each type makes a difference.
What do you feel like after you've had one of these episodes?  Have you ever gone past the point of no return with someone while angry?
This is really interesting.  I asked the same question in the ENFP forum and it seems with them there's a lot of outward expression of feelings that they don't always understand,  while ENTPs don't...
That's interesting.  I dated and ENFP guy who would kind of snap at me out of nowhere (at least it seemed like nowhere to me) and I figured out it was because I'd hurt his feelings in some way.  When...
How do you act when you're angry?  Defensive?  Hurt?
How do you act when you're angry?  Defensive?  Hurt?
Yes, the communication differences seem to be a big issue.  But it's only in romantic relationships--my ENFP friends think my abrasiveness, or borderline bitchiness as they put it, is hilarious.
I have a great ability to forgive. I tend to not take a lot personally, and my feelings don't get really bruised because someone acts like a jerk to me.  I don't put up with a lot of crap, and will...
I'm always drawn to ENFP men.  We have SO much fun together.  But it seems like in the end, those relationships are the ones that end in total disaster.  Any ideas why this is?  Do I have to give up...
I did leave the situation alone.  We were just randomly catching up after a few months of not talking.  I asked him if he was ever coming back home to visit and then he suggested I come out there. ...
Hi all.  I'm an ENFP who went to visit an ISTP guy I had dated briefly before he moved across the country.  He initally told me he didn't see a point in my visiting, but a few months later he invited...
I'm and ENTP female, and I do feel like I'm a romantic.  I think relationships are about connecting and I have no problem jumping into things if I think there's potential, but only if I'm positive...
What do you think it is about your personality that is attracted to, or attracts them?
Yeah, I don't see him being like that.  He's had a fair amount of long term relationships and it sounds like he stayed longer than he should have in all of them.  He also said he's used to psycho...
Thanks so much for the feedback!  I'm going to go for it.  At least I'll know there aren't any lingering questions before we go our separate ways, and I'll be able to move on without regrets.
No Arioche, we haven't had a really good conversation about this at all.  I'll admit I've been confusing as well, so I'm sure that hasn't helped.  I've never come out and said what I want either. ...
I'm sorry if this is posted twice, but I can't tell if I deleted the first one.  So, when he made the comment I think it would be mean to spend time together if we're not going to be in a...
So when he made the comment it would be mean for us to spend time together if we're not going to have a relationship am I supposed to take that as I don't want to be in a relationship with you and...
Hi all. I'm and ENTP that failed at having a relationship with an ENFP. I think it was mostly because I didn't understand where he was coming from, which seems odd because we're technically cousins...'"


118: INFPs care about authenticity, not INFJs. Are you certain you're an INFJ? INFJs have Fe, not Fi, and Ni in no way makes you care about autheticity. An INFJ would see it as selfless to change yourself...
If you're so sensitive about your identity, you're Fi, not Fe.
Billie Joe is an INFJ 4.
My intiition is telling me ISFP but I could be wrong.
Nick- INFJ? Juliette- INFJ Monroe- ISFJ? Could be INFP even? Bud- ISFJ? Adalind- ESFP Kelly- ESTJ Angelina- Not ENTP. I don't know about her. That's all I've got for now.
I sometimes have trouble with that too. Are you an enneagram 8? A lot of 8's have this problem.  You can't look at letters, you have to look at the functions. Do you think you use Te or Si more? ...
The tertiary function is developed decently enough. The inferior function is used in bursts because it's hard to control. You're either a mistyped ISTJ or you're not adept at analyzing yourself.
Lol. What subjects that aren't taught do you wish were taught?
You sound like a very successful ESTP. Your Ti must've been very well developed.
Ah, I figured. My ISTJ father never liked subjective things like the Arts either. ENTPs like it more because we're Ne dominant and we like to play around with ideas and be creative.
Wow, that sucks that they made Philosophy just the history of philosophy. They should've mixed that in with critical thinking, instead of just the history of the subject.
Thay, how do you know what your functions are? Did you take a test online? Those aren't always accurate. You need to read Jung's books on the functions and figure yourself out that way.
In my Freshman year of high school I had an ESTJ Algebra teacher, and he also hated Literature because it was subjective. I'm seeing a trend here. I think you don't like it because it excercises Ni,...
A lot of people of this forum are mistyped. Those INTPs you can't relate to that are really indecisive are really ENTPs, ISTPs and INFJs. And just because you have a weid cognitive function order,...
When you analyze everything.   When you're so busy thinking about ideas that you bump into and break things.   When everyone thinks you've had too much sugar because you're so hyper and excited...
Your Ni wasn't well developed yet. That's why you weren't career minded.  Are there any subjects you wish were taught in school but aren't?
You sound like an INTP instead of INTJ. Ti is critical thinking. Te is all about facts.
Learning about religion excercises your auxilary Ti and inferior Ni, so that makes sense. What subjects do you wish were taught in school? What subjects do you think would develop your Se, Ti, and Fe...
Fascinating. Are there any subjects you wish were taught in school but aren't?
That does make sense. I certainly see the correlation there. What else do you think would develop Ni, as well as Fe and Ti?
Environmentalism is something we definitely need our kids to embrace more though.
^ The education system is really flawed. But what I want to know is what subjects you'd absolutely love to learn, that would really develop your Ni and Te a lot and such.  Also, that wouldn't work....
^ I loved all of those.
I liked English a lot too, and I was always adept at writing.  I had a lot of problems with people in high school as well. I was really nerdy and you know how teenagers are about that.
Those are all interesting, although I didn't like Math too much. I was good at it but not really interested in it.
Psychology was definitely interesting. I liked bio somewhat. If school was perfect in your opinion, what would it be like? What subjects that aren't already taught would you want to be taught?
I really liked Literature too. Are there any subjects you wish were taught in school but aren't?
Interesting. I was really good at Math at first too, then got bad at it, then good at it again.  What would the perfect school be like for you? Are there any subjects that you wish were taught in...
I can actually relate to that a lot. Whoa.  What would the perfect school be like for you? What do you think you'd really enjoy and really go far in life with?
I'm an ENTP and I want to compare the interests ENTPs usually have to thr interests INTPs usually have. What was your least favorite subject? What was your favorite subject? What subjects were just...
I'd like to see how the interests ENTPs have in school compare to the interests ENFPs have in school. We're both Ne dom so we probably have a tremendous amount in common. What subjects did you love?...
I'd like to compare the interests ENTPs have in school to the interests of INFPs. A lot of ENTPs like English in school and I've heard many INFPs do too. What else do you guys like? Do you like...
I want to compare and contrast the interests of ESTJs in school to the interests ENTPs had in school. Several ESTJs I've known really liked Math. Is this common for ESTJs? Do you yourself if you're...
I'd like to compare and contrast the interests I, an ENTP had in school (as well as interests other ENTPs had in school) to the interests ISTJs had in school. Did you like history?
I'm an ENTP and I'd like to see how the interests of my shadow personality compare to the interests of ENTPs. We might have a lot in common since we have the same functions.
I'd like to compare the interests of ENTPs to that of ESFJs... I think we might actually have a lot in common due to having the same functions.
I, an ENTP, am curious to compare the subjects I liked in high school to the ones you guys liked. I'm sure many of you loved Art class?
I'm curious to see how the typical interests of ISTPs in high school compare to the interests many ENTPs had in high school. Do a lot of you like Math due to being Ti dom?
I'm curious to see what differences there are between the interests of ENTPs and ESTPs in school. ENTPs are all over the place due to Ne, and I know that many ESTPs like PE, but what else did you...
What subjects did you guys like in high school? I'm an ENTP and I liked the majority of subjects. Did you like less because you use Ni instead of Ne?
I'd like to know how my interests in school as an ENTP compare and contrast with the interests of ENTJs in school.
I'm an ENTP and I'm curious to see how my interests in high school were different than what INTJs like. I'm sure we're both generally interested in Science. What about Language Arts? Do you guys like...
What subjects do you guys typically enjoy in school? As an ENTP I tended to like nearly everything, being Ne dominant and all. Are you interested in History because it excercises your Ni?
Also, Dil is an ENFP 4w3
Angelica- ESTP 8w7 Chucky- INFJ 6w7 Tommy- ENFJ 8w7 Stu- ENTP 7w6 Angelica's Mom- ENTJ CP 6 Phil- ESTP 6w5 Lil- ESFJ 6w7 Tommy's Mom- ISFJ 2w1 Drew- INFP 2w3 Phil & Lil's Mom- ISTP 6w7
Aren't you intellectual.[/QUOTE]   I try.
Ok, thanks.
Lol okay, I'll ask.  I think I'm just being more sensitive than usual because I don't have many friends and I'm stuck in an Ne- Fe loop. I'm trying to develop my Ti more to deal with that, though.
I do, actually. I think life would be exceedingly mundane if I didn't have rules to break.
I do, actually. I think life would be exceedingly mundane if I didn't have rules to break."


122: 'Jamaia aaahahaaa, I do something like that! It works great with not getting sucked into stupid arguments, but unfortunately the gloomy INFJ mystic thing my spouse does (let's disclaim that I'm sure...
Geonerd interestingly I had pretty much the experience you laid out yesterday with my resident INFJ-- we started with a fight and graduated to a calmer discussion on life, relationships and What Is...
I was sometimes unintentionally rude (social awareness, let's say it took me a while to develop more than the bare minimum) but also kind of oblivious to others. The bf says it was the same for him--...
If we're talking Fe/ease of emoting in ENTP women vs men, my vote is on nurture, not so much nature. Hormonal craziness is more... I'm thinking of dealing with hormonal fluctuations of the type...
Not the cramps, the sleep deprivation. It turns out I'm not a pleasant person after a few nights of 2h of sleep. But that happens when I'm desperately hangry too, I lose my ability to adult and reset...
That makes three of us then. Yep, I can empathise with this. (Look! I'm empathising on the ENTP forum! Roll out the choir of angels!)  I think I'm actually better at the whole emotions, wth are...
I used to not care so much about what happened to me, but my friends and family? Yippii-kay-yea, motherfucker, we're on. But as I age, it's become more evident to myself how fragile human beings are,...
No, we call that a vivid imagination.  Oh, right, yeah. You said that.  IDK. There are some exes I drifted apart from, and I do occasionally think about the sex fondly even after all that time......
I think of it as cultivating the next generation of eye candy. My motives are pure as the driven sn... nevermind. :laughing:
The way I see this, you can choose to take the board as a joke that the chairman doesn't get (and keep your mirth to yourself) or get out. Staying in and fighting a losing battle... meh, we have...
No.  But I'm really good with ok, I love this person but we're not compatible and this isn't going to get better, let's break up. I can love or appreciate people without wanting to be with them....
I want to say that growling is underrated as a communication style. How to win friends and influence people this isn't, but then that's not my concern when I want to avoid socialising.
I'd grow it longer on the front and go for a slightly asymmetrical cut. Somewhat messy and layered is good. But not overdone emo shit, just a bit less run of the mill than what you have now. And yep,...
The sucking the balls in/not ejaculating thing I've heard of, but the person doing that said it doesn't feel particularly good... kind of a sneeze instead of an orgasm.   Do we ever discuss...
http://i.imgur.com/d9Mcy.jpg
Another species? Are you absolutely sure about that?  ANYWAY, now that you've picked your jaw up from the floor, I'm more or less agreeing with you there. That test was a nice way to spend ten...
New threads are for less annoying people! DERAIL! DERAIL!  I'm imagining that said in a dalek voice. Kind of like I'm currently envisioning my new substitute German teacher as Cartman. (Long story,...
== Results from bdsmtest.org ==  98% Switch  92% Sadist  90% Dominant  87% Rigger  83% Masochist  82% Non-monogamist  80% Degrader  79% Brat  78% Rope bunny
Aaahahaaa, this looks eerily familiar.
Eryngo honestly, I'm not sure.  I like interdependence after it's been established to a sufficient degree that we're all capable of standing on our own two feet. Like, it really rocks my damn boat,...
Oh, I think my spouse is useless with some things and impressively good at others. I'm awed by how organised he is when it comes to paperwork and the like... and yet I'm still baffled by how...
Oh, this is good.  With regards to intensity, I agree, and would add that it's achievable in several different ways: the ability to be emotionally vulnerable (can be healthy), lack of stability...
Dear lord, the world is populated by SJs!  Oh, uhm, well. I like splitting work down in the middle and having different spheres of influence AND there could be something to the idea of usefulness...
Yep to all of this. Dating rules are stupid because although you might attract people by playing [whatever it is that people are recommending, there are plenty of ridiculous ideas out there] it...
It probably would, but my response to that (and everything else in this thread probably) is BUT BALLS! BALLS!  Freud was wrong, there's no penis envy here. (I'm envisioning cocks as gigantic,...
I had something like this going on for a while. But I'm like twice the age of OP and I did get over it.   A few thoughts:  1) You don't HAVE to be in a relationship or prioritise looking for one....
ANYWAY, I want to do Johnny (har har) because what he posts here gives me the impression I might've very well chosen to pursue things in a similar fashion had I been born a dude on the other side of...
Oh, right, I want to to swap because I'd like the experience of having multiple children without really having to go there. :laughing:  Being a man sounds like one of those wonderfully vague...
I'm up for a body swap! But after that I want to go check out what life is like as johnnyyuukon, I've never been a dude before. Shitty drag when I was 19 and looked like an underweight choirboy with...
OK, now your dad sounds a slightly stricter version of my mom. :laughing: She's an INTJ btw-- we relate extremely well on a theoretical level (we tend to agree on things and differ on how we reason...
What a bunch of happy people! And the shittiest part is that those who aren't analytical or self reflective enough to break the generational chain of shitty parenting tend to go on to channel their...
Aaahahaaa, I feel tempted to do this a lot. I try not to, because it's not often in the history of the world that calm down has worked as intended.  So, I found this book, How to talk so kids...
^Yep. But to look at the other side of the coin, I also meet people who have children for whatever strange reason (it's expected?) and then end up being neglectful, resentful parents who can't be...
More that having children was a low priority to me until I decided to spawn, after which my deck of things-that-matter got reshuffled  thoroughly. How this will affect the spawn is often my first...
Yeaaaaap.  I don't want to settle, ever. I actually really like the established, comfortable everyday routines I have with my spouse, but we find ways to keep things interesting, often by pranking...
This has been interesting to observe about myself: it's really, really hard for me to stay angry with somebody, or to hate them. There have been a few people over the years, but... it's not something...
I've been cracking up at this for a good two minutes now.
Sounds good to me. You're both old enough and, I'd expect, experienced enough that the usual oh lor', this is a match made in hell relationship griping written by twentysomethings is unlikely to be...
I got pregnant right before I turned 28, so 28. At 26 my stance was euuugh, NO and by the time I hit 27 that had shifted to hmm, it could be interesting.  It's been interesting. If I could go...
OK, die laughing. I did the test and thought about my relationship with my spouse first... fully in the secure quadrant with 1.something scores on both axes, anxiety 1.22 and avoidance just below 2....
OH! Zoe and Wash from Firefly!  Edit: I guess the parents from the Cosby Show would count, but real life Bill Cosby... yeah, totally the poster child for healthy, respectful relationships. Just add...
I haven't seen that! And this might deserve a subthread of its own. Can you think of many realistic depictions of functional, enjoyable, long term relationships in movies or series? I can't. Off the...
Ditto. (Oh, screw it, I can spend another ten minutes here and respond to this.)  I REALLY like the give and take of a healthy relationship as long as it's voluntary and comes from a place of hey,...
Wasn't there something about ingrained reactions (basically, the way we often relate to our kids when they're tiny has more to do with what we grew up with than what we think we want to do) in the...
^I remember the percentages as being somewhere around the 55% region for securely attached types. Let's google. OK, this gives a ballpark figure of around 60%, which sounds fair enough to me.  IDK....
For once I'm very much disagreeing with   Geonerd. Draw a cross on the wall! :laughing: Securely attached here, from a family of securely attached thinkers. (Mom's side.) I think there's one feeler...
So... I'm curious, how have your relationships tended to be and what have been your dealbreakers?
Desthro kind of. My best breakups (I should write a cheerful pop song about this, these WERE good breakups) were with people I thought were cool as fuck but simply a bad fit for one reason or another...
It was glorious. If my goth phase had more to do with disliking people who take themselves too seriously... possibly emo wouldn't have been such a great fit. I like the hairstyles though, probably...
OK, I need to analyse this further.  Sporting a green mohawk and ripped fishnets (and leatherrrr!) was less about being true to my authentic self and more about liking the aesthetic and, yep, how...'"


128: 'Can't see my thanks received page, as in the url just loops to my profile page somehow.
Not really, but it isn't abnormal.   Wanting to die AND having a concise and clear plan is though.  If you start formulating plans, that's when you should get help, other than that, extreme...
Exact.   Opposite.     Problem.
Show him this thread.
You forgot pseudophenotively.
Made my head hurt.  On the plus side I think I remember an assload of calculus formulae now.  On the downside I have no idea what I was suppsoed to do for the day, also headache.
Quick random question, do you have any recent stressors (things that cause you stress) this past year? Not asking for personal info and shit, just a yes or no is fine.  Either way, doubtful you're...
-A better punching bag maybe. -sunscreen -Board shorts -A toy hammer -A plunger?
You changed a bit too late, if at all. So, going any farther would result in stalking, I'd say just quit.
In my experience this doesn't work out much, the people who want to fuck you for being on the top, don't want to fuck you when you're at the bottom.   Better to find someone similarly shitty and...
My turn, I've been rejected more than 50 times (I lost count a looong time ago, it's probably in the hudreds by now), only had 4 relationships out of that pot, had 4 that I didn't really start, two...
nosrsly, I'll show you mine if you show me yours?
I miss you as much as your toe fungus does.   Which is who are you again and why do you smell so horrible?
12, not counting taxidermied animals, in which case...  381.5
We ran out of godzilla arguments, also it's fun to out-ironic hipsters. Gives me a slight headache trying to remember inconsequential factoids, but whatevs.
50% of men who read the above looked silly just now.   Babies taste with their hands.
Your penis size is the entire length of your hand divided by the length of your toe.
Let's play a game.  How many times have you been rejected?
You people really have fucked up sexcapades at the back of my favorite Arby's.
I don't remember the specifics of the cognitive research, but the findings was that you can remember 7-ish things per sitting, whether it be 7 letters, 7 words, or 7 sentences.  What I'm trying to...
Don't play it.
Read the abstract at first, let it simmer, then look at the data, and ignore the conclusion, unless you're reading it for debate purposes.   For studying, take notes, not one note, notes.
Dying.
That's a shit-ton of tyrones.
A small tab on the side  that goes in real time, is going to detract from people using the forums where the response time is usually ~1 minutes to an entire day?  What I'm trying to say is that...
Isn't it possible to put the chatbox at a sidebar?  And then put more ads on the other side, to even it out?
I'm just happy faggot mcjewels wasn't in a poll like this again.  The internet is growing u-  ... Annnnd something stupid probably happened in tumblr and reddit while I typed that. Nevermind.
I miss playing e-detective.
Voteforwatnow.  Space Jesus?
Because you're important enough to keep tabs over.
So sorry we made a hobby out of your dayjob bruh. But hey, we'd never be able to undercut you on that form of business.
Look at the previous post before yours. See the time difference.   Realize you're a necromancer.
Please, we're all losers. Hopefully we can be losers together.   Well, so that'd be a dollar a minute, so not really a waste.   OHRIGHT DARK SOULS ggnore.
Sorry, but it doesn't work that way, you give me the substance. I give a cut to my pimp, and we get to do research.  It's all a legitimate business, you understand.
Can I get jury duty too then?
Self-testing produces biased results due to confirmation. You'd need a double blind test.
And evidence comes from research, so research away.
I'm more impressed you paid attention to those faggots to learn the intricacies of their behavior.  Not to mention overcomplexifying them is precisely the problem. Unless the giant gender pronouns...
Prove it.   But first.  http://new1.fjcdn.com/pictures/Tree_93fa60_2431137.jpg
Please. You give yourself too much credit. You wouldn't last a minute.
There. I have a dark souls 3 gitgud marathon to finish. ggnore.   Also, I can only do seduction. I suck at cybering.   For those who're gonna be cock/vaginateases.
http://www.xojane.com/sex/stuff-i-get-off-on-orgasm-edging   :D Goodluck~
Hey, no skin off my back. But are you really sure you aren't even the least bit curious what it is? How to perform it, etc? And wouldn't it be better to have an expert show you how to do the general...
There's a lady version of edging, wanna try it? :wink:   Hey, if you don't want a try, you don't want a try. But you are missing out on so many new ways and positions to try.  Course not, it...
tl;dr'd after the first sentence.  It's the same thing keirsey and jung said, only more english, and less pseudosciency, I guess.   Sooooo, surewhynot, it's a generalization I agree on.
How'd you even do that?
It won't be the only thing to blow if you gave us a chance.
It's a shame you weren't involved. But chances are, you never will be.  Good on you.
Well, indirectly maybe, more food = more energy = less sleep.  Also, eating before sleeping is bad, by the way. Don't remember why, but I'm guessing it's a digestion thing.
niggapls. I'm probably your dad. Also most likely your mom.  Not to mention i dont talk server anymore'"


146: 'I agree with you on this for the same reasons.  I've seen / done things (repeatedly) that are waaay too improbable to be mere coincidence.  I've come to the conclusion that either I'm schizotypal or...
Considering that conscious thought IS energy, via electrical pulses / chemical reactions all up inside your brainpan, I don't see how it could be all that farfetched to think that conscious thought...
What wisdom?  I'm just making $#!+ up as I go.  It does help having several decades of experience pretending I have a clue.
Exactly![/QUOTE]  Trolololol. Wow, you're sooo clever! I wish I was as amazing as you... [/sarcasm]
That might not help as I go months without posting, but I do still check my notifications almost daily.  Unfortunately, I just don't have the time to be really active these days.
So I've come across a few more terms since I last posted (which was quite a while ago).  Don't know if anyone else has posted these as I'm to lazy to go back and look -  ~ Alpha are the dominating...
On that note - I have no clue what I'm doing... But I guarantee that somehow it will work .  Having an extremely broad, even if it's not necessarily deep, knowledge base is rather convenient,...
Just started hearing this song on the radio and immediately thought of this thread.  KONGOS - I'm Only Joking   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Ip1irYWXck
Lead, follow, or get the fuck out of the way!  Don't worry, be happy (This was more my childhood motto, but has been more or less replaced with the one in my sig)
This is a great point, especially with the technology today we're even more exposed to seeing the 2/3 of the population who are all touchy-feely.  We're so inundated with Feeler (for lack of a better...
Personality disorders (like cognitive functions) are actually more of a continuum than a dichotomy.  Everyone will have some signs / symptoms of anti-social personality, but on a scale of 1 - 10 very...
I'm with you, I got ESTP.  I may be prone to action, but I'm about as far from a Sensor as you'll get.    A lot of tests like to put me as an INTP as well, but I'll occasionally get ENTJ too. ...
I concur.  I think we're too intense and not transparent enough for people to handle on a daily personal basis.
Here's one that's short and (I think) pretty accurate. -  John's Personality Test  It actually adapts the questions to your previous answers.
Wow, I suddenly feel much younger.  Not that I really felt old to begin with, but I was well aware of the fact that I've got some years on these 20-something y.o. kids on this site.
I usually go BuellerBueller? and if they don't get that I say really? are you fucking kidding me? I'm hilarious.[/QUOTE]  Sometimes I'll use Bueller, but I usually go with Datz da Joke.  ...
When you slip and fall on the ice, probably adding a flourish to the fall somehow (i.e. throwing everything in your hands as high as you can, or doing a jump or twist or something), strike a pose...
Nope, just recognizing that most of these are common ENTP traits, but not necessarily exclusive to ENTPs and not all ENTPs will identify with every trait.  I am very close to being an INTJ though.
You might be an ENTP...  ...when someone makes the joke I don't care what they say about you... and you retort with Yeah, me neither before they can even finish the joke.  And you actually mean...
I see this as a far superior thing to when only 10% of what you say is correct, but 90% is actually consequential like the majority of the general populace seems to be complacent with doing.    I...
If I did that, taking the Flynn Effect into account, I'm pretty sure I could qualify for Mensa.  Of course I may have to brush up on my test taking skills as I haven't really done any formal...
I hate pleated pants  Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal  Otherwise I'm on board with the whole suits thing especially if you're doing a vest.  Tie is optional, but it it needs to have an atypical...
Well, boning a heart is kind of hard to do. Anatomically impossible might I add. ;D[/QUOTE]  Heart On | 1000 Ways to Die | Free Video Clips | SPIKE
You might be an ENTP if your wife gets upset with you because she knows you saw your Christmas present early as you were cleaning up in the basement because it's not where she left it and you were...
Try to keep an ENTP thread actually on track.  Now that would deserve several awards.
Actually on pretty much every cognitive function test I've ever taken Ne is almost always barely higher than Ni, Ni is usually just a tiny notch above Ti, and Ti is usually just a few points above...
I had to laugh at how you put the word technically in there because even though the majority of Thinkers are men (and visa versa), Jung called all Ne personalities feminine.  I've always been an...
You people are all sick and demented!  ...  Kind of reminds me of when I use to have a social life.  Good times.
I actually see things the other way around.  I tend to view atheism, disbelief, etc as a crutch for people with no real vision.  I do have 2 favorite atypically religious movie characters. ...
I actually find that I use commas to interject explanations instead of parentheses, but same thing.  I often go back and proofread my writing only to realize that of the 10 sentences I just wrote at...
I usually get along fantastically with ESXPs.  I just always have to account for the fact that they tend to look at the surface level of things and react.  They don't take into account all the angles...
Haven't actually seen this topic in a while, but it has been done and done... and done.  My wife's an ISFJ and as any ENTP who's dated an ISFJ will tell you, it's a struggle and a half.  I think that...
(snerk)...(snerk)(snerk)...BWAAHAAHAAHAA...Oh man, I feel your pain.  Oh teh stooopeedssss!!!
Meh... but if Grumpy Cat and Foamy the Squirrel combined forces it would be sweet, sweet anarchy.
When most of your verbal sentences, especially when answering questions, end in a interrobang even though you actually are making a statement.
What, you mean just because A = B (Christianity is Judaism plus the teachings of Jesus and the Apostles) doesn't automatically mean that B = A? [/sarcasm]  That's okay, I always did hate that...
I was in the military so I use to starch and iron the hell outta everything (Civi's & BDUs), as well as kept all of my shoes and boots cleaned and polished.  Probably still would except I'm married...
Judaism?
Social nomad, that's a good way to put it.  I've never really been one for goodbyes.  'Round these parts, for some reason, people feel the need to say goodbye to...
I always preferred being down the rabbit hole to going over the rainbow, but they're both very nice places to be.
It's funny because it's true.  For the last week we've been below 0* F more than we've been above it.  In about 3 months I fully expect to see people in just t-shirts and windbreakers when it warms...
The ability to manipulate the local space-time continuum.
When you do this all the time -  Them: Hey, how does this thing work? You: I don't know let me see it. Them: No, just tell me how it works. You: I don't know how it works, let me see....
I've always been a social chameleon, finding a niche with all kinds of cultures and subcultures (except pop culture, I've always hated pop culture), but I've always identified most with the...
Second of four over a ten year span.  My parent stopped having kids once they finally got a girl.  Birth order would affect Character not Temperament.
Aaand, you know you're in an ENTP thread when you burn through over 6 pages of derailment in less than 3 hours.
I'm just claiming Amy, Fiona is only here to visit and watch you crazy whipper-snappers fight it out.  Although I don't think you qualify as a whipper-snapper, but you still do have a few years...
If that's a challenge, accepted.  I win by default considering how green you are.  People of Amy and Fiona's age will be looking for people their own age, like me.  If you need us we'll all 3 be...
You can all fight over Fiona, that's fine, but I call dibs on Amy Lee!
Nice, but don't forget to cut the line on our air tank or it may take a very looong time.'"


149: 'I'm not crazy about ska but I do like some songs/bands. It's more like that with all music I listen to. I really listen to anything but there's parts of anything that I really don't care for but not...
Lsd is really fun and open other possibilities I have never imagined. You don't just think out of the box you get thrown onto another box into some other plain of existence. I wanna try dmt.
http://img.tapatalk.com/d/14/04/24/e8e7ery5.jpg
I have no idea. I still can't get passed free basing meteoric moon rocks...
Well I really don't think about fashion alot. I'll order a cool shirt off the net if I come across one but for the most part I really don't buy clothing or accessories. That and I shave my head once...
Yeah I've gotten that a few times. Maybe I'm just a strange estp lol.
1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type?   Well I'm pretty sure I'm extroverted although I'm currently going through a slump in my social life due to financial situations. I...
I never think about it but I pretty much do whatever suits my fancy. I don't have a problem being told what to do if said person doesn't tell me what to do if you catch my drift. Commanding types...
67%... 2 points off the mark.
Yellow is awesome with other colors or a custom paint job but plain yellow is just... Bright...
When you don't pay attention to hardly anything anyone says besides a few key words then reply with something seemingly on topic or you just don't pay attention and casually segway the conversation...
Then you do it so many times you just give up and walk naked/with a towel (depending on who's in the house) to your room but if you need a towel to do this you realize your standing wet in a bathroom...
Be the hero of your own movie. That's about the best non depressing thing I got.
Mayans. They could've known the aliens.
Depends on the study... If I ever had history or science I would try to find articles on whatever it is specifically. Math I've always just had a talent for but I just gave up on literature. I've...
That's what hookers are for my friend. Albeit illegal but hey.
I like to think of it as a challenge, but yes, majority of females you have to lay down some ground work for and in my opinion the ones you don't have to you should probably stay away from. Then...
If you stay completely still in a very dark area noone can see you... You could sit in the middle of the field and watch people go right by you and never see... Pretty sweet in the dark!
I've just recently started working out again and if I don't have headphones I'll have a hard time finishing my workouts without being bored out of my mind.
I think the exercise is the best thing for depression. I don't have depression I'll just feel a little low sometimes but if I ever feel bad or a plain blah type feeling I'll go run or lift weights...
High school. Currently a student of the greatest school in the world... The Internet...
I know how you feel. I just got out of a relationship with an INFP. At first it was great but about a year in I couldn't handle the emotions and just plain how needy she was. I think she was really...
Duke nukem!!!
Lol I'm making the same face as the little person.
[QUOTE=afriskykiwi;4138506]one term government? what do you mean? the fact that a bunch of people got voted out of office in the senate and the house? I know that bot presidents (obama and bush) have...
[QUOTE=afriskykiwi;4138506]one term government? what do you mean? the fact that a bunch of people got voted out of office in the senate and the house? I know that bot presidents (obama and bush) have...
one term government? what do you mean? the fact that a bunch of people got voted out of office in the senate and the house? I know that bot presidents (obama and bush) have had 2 term elections and...'"


157: Welcome Dr. Buttercup, I got excited when I thought we would be discussing world domination strategies (particularly the formation of a penguin army). As you like people, though, it seems we will...
I am always happy to help.  As for the truth of what I said, I do not lie. Ever. I have lied in the past, and it gets nowhere good. If one person is not interested in the relationship (but did at...
From experience, if, in previous situations, this has taken a particular route (i.e. she withdraws, you make an effort, she is willing to rebuild the relationship) consistently, then it is almost...
If you value the relationship, then patch it up. It won't be easy, and it won't be fun, but if you value the relationship, then it is probable that you took the time to learn how to work through...
9 The rebel.  And I will 'reign it in' when I no longer have a reason not to.
I have heard of the cognitive functions but I have not looked into them yet. Do you suggest any specific resources for getting started looking into that?
I apologize for the lateness of this reply. I appreciate the tip I will be certain to research the cognitive functions. Are there any specific resources you would recommend starting with (just to...
As I said, I have never tested strongly for any one type. The differences you mention may be a part of why.   I believe strongly in hard work when it is for a good cause, practicality when it...
Hi, all. I introduced myself as an ISTJ in the 'You, me, and everyone else we know' thread, but it seems, after testing again (and some time browsing the forums) that I am more likely an ENTP (for...
Forgive my ignorance, but I know relatively little about MBTI, and remedying that is part of why I'm here.   I have, for a while, believed my type to be istj, but my test results have tended to be...
In a given setting, I give as many fucks as I believe need given to achieve the most desirable result.
Personal ~  * Name - What do you preferred to be called? Michael - Any nicknames? None that make sense without context  * Male/Female/Trans? Male  Location -  Where were you originally born?..."


160: 'http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/macros/cowbell.gifhttp://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/macros/cowbell.gifhttp://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/macros/cowbell.gif
Nobody lies on the deathbed wishing they had spent more time working. Go parasailing today.
Paint is so fucking win, how could I not. http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/broham.png  And since this post will ruin it, here's a memorial to my 420 post count....
Meakachu used THUNDERSHOCK! http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/5930153.gif It's super effective!
Born of an unholy union of screamofconciousness and a creeper, the vent server has been terrorized by a nebulous, mysterious horror called the Screaper. The Screaper has never been photographed, and...
http://unrepentantoldhippie.files.wordpress.com/2010/01/loldogs-dogs-n-puppy-dog-pictures-i-has-a-hotdog_1263834657368.png  am i doin it right
http://img19.imageshack.us/img19/8148/sadcomparison.jpg
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/jimsrsly.jpg
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/shigeruwtf.jpg  *lurks away*
I bore of this again, I'm out. But like Frosty the Snowman, someday I shall arise from my icy grave to terrorize the innocent villagers again.  So long and thanks for all the lulz.
Necropost that is shorter than signature.
I usually post pictures of robots in these, and after a long and perilous search I finally found a picture of an invisible robot....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rmo0VdPpkDA
Good find, Quin Sabe. That's good advice for someone doing it for health reasons, but morally it's kind of half-assed.
An oldie but a goldie:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSHLGnexe-w  It starts off kinda slow but the pace picks up after about the first half hour. This film is rife with unintentional hilarity,...
http://icanhasrobot.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/08/hoomanrites.jpg
Oi, how could I forget Kung Fu Hustle? It is from China and it is lolarious. I think it's made by the same crazy monkeys as made Shaolin Soccer, too. If you haven't seen that I would recommend that...
36 China Town. It is on Youtube in 14 parts. It is Bollywood (more liek Lollywood amirite?), but it has English subtitles and much of the dialogue is in English. It's... difficult to describe...
That it is feasible at all says much about how awesome the age in which we live is. I suppose by the definition in your third post, SWalker, then indeed this could be called a fully synthetic life...
That's actually another pretty big step ahead. Being able to replicate DNA isn't the same as decoding it. I don't deny the importance or potential of their findings, but I think it's too early to...
This is certainly a good statement of our current capabilities in genome replication, but creating life this is not. Not yet.  But still, good read.
I am thus far disappointed in your ability to start a revolution, Herr Doktor.
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/dancing-robot.gif Grats amigo.
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/kitteniad.jpg The Curse of Memes.
Hey, why you gotta hate on cyanobacteria? Mold is life.    So is this. http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/amoeba.jpg
The good news: Yes, that is why. It's not all in your head. The bad news: Your curse is that now soccer balls have AIDS.
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/moldy_hot_dog.jpg  Show me hope in a hopeless place.
You're the man now dog
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/oshitarobot.jpg
Pretty please?
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/evilhorse.jpg
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/m136_at-4_rocket_launcher.jpg  Show me a bad decision.
You, your children, and your childrens' children will continue to be swindled by gypsies selling bogus anti-curse charms
Stop eating meat.
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/lobotomy5B15D.jpg  Show me why the chicken crossed the road.
Seriously. I love all creatures great and small, except for whatever the fuck is in your signature. Robatix, that animal is what irrational hatred looks like.
Fit mine better for what? Ballroom dancing? Making sex? Battle to the death? A tuxedo? This topic is confusing and so by extension are you.
Normally yes, but you're cursed enough as it is.
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/peanut-butter-dog.jpg  Show me jelly!
Your firstborn grandchild will look exactly like that ORGANISM in your signature. And they won't exactly have a shining personality either. Like they'll probably be one of those lifestyle fucks who...
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/41VWGJXSVXL.jpg  Show me a good monkey (or a bad one).
*genital locusts*
Your curse: the nozzle of your mustard bottle will always be irreparably clogged by a brown dried mustard booger.
Oi TurranMC, really? You're like those guys in Mom & Dad Save the World who picked up the pick me up grenade. For posting in this topic, your next relationship will be ruined by anvils. If you are...
That post + avatar smoking a cigarette = epic irony. But I kid, that's actually a very touching story.
Every time you are in a hurry in an airport, there will be a fat person walking slowly in front of you.
Welcome, brave forumite. As a reward for your curiosity, you will now be cursed. Have a nice day!
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/zombie0519a.jpg (We also want your organs.)  Show me comeuppance.
whispered apologies: Laika: The First Dog In Space  And in response to your request, http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y17/Squidhead/trilobitty.jpg That's no trilobite, it's just a little trilobit....
Start smoking crack instead, you won't have any money left for cigarettes.'"


165: 'ISTP females:   What are you like when you get in to a relationship?  My friend is a pretty cool and independent ISTP, has been in a new relationship for about 6-8 months, and all she ever does...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-hy92f00EE  I'm going nuts, I've listened to this song about 50 times on repeat and I don't even like this kind of music *brain dead*
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvLpRECpK18
Edge's Question 2015: What to think about machines that think  https://edge.org/annual-question/what-do-you-think-about-machines-that-think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkpRBiZMxRk
I've never cheated because I think it'd hurt me more than anyone else (i.e.: I have to live with the thought of being dishonest with myself) - it's not so much what it would do to the other person -...
I love cartoons - best way to start the weekend
Me too ;-)
Hi Spastic Origami thanks so much for this post :-) and thank you for that graphic - I found something similar on google last night but wasn't 100% certain of the meaning, now I understand.   Yes,...
Thanks so much RandomBot - I've just created a new thread to see if I can get more view points on this topic, but have opened up the link you sent me and am just about to have a read!   :-)
Hey all, I'm an ENTP (bordering on INTP) female who has recently kind of been seeing an ENFP guy. I decided today that we should go our own separate ways because it was evident that we were not...
Yep, that's exactly what I meant - he's incredible! We get along sooo well, in fact, I don't recall the last time I got along with someone like this.  I was hoping to get male perspectives on this...
ENFPs - I have a question about your type: I recently broke up with an ENFP (amazing guy!!) but seemed really down on himself and always blamed himself for things despite the fact that the problem...
Firstly, thank you so much for your response and for taking the time to be so honest and open - I appreciate it.  Secondly: Ooops, excuse me - that was not meant offensively, I guess I was trying...
Help, I'm kind of dating this INTJ - it's been about 3 weeks now...  He did everything to chase me, stuff I would find interesting or sweet...texted me a million times during the day/night and we'd...
haha and I thought I was the only one who did this...  Generally, this is followed by checking my phone the next day for photos with randoms at the pub, checking the bank account, and seeing who I...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iyl0zbCSN80
My protein snack and if I'm going to give it to someone I really like or if I'm just going to eat it and pretend like it never existed :tongue:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVlRc7TnJQg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZkKKZ7i9MI
Some of us (i.e.: me) are just arseholes who like to be mean...but that being said, it's just to pass the time when I'm bored.   I sometimes come across as shallow, but it's only because I reserve...
Ask a financial planner - they will take in to consideration your risk appetite, further to this, they will understand the market volatility more so than your average Joe off the street.   Also,...
Thanks heaps for your input EyesOpen - yeah, I'm really crap at knowing when a guy likes me.  Weirdest part is, we've worked together for a bit, I've always thought he was a nice person, just...
Hi INTJs...could anyone help me, I'm slightly confused about this INTJ guy. I think he likes me, but I'm not 100% certain.  Basically, we know each other through work and have only recently started...
Thank you so much for this - I'm reading the Emotional Intelligence book recommend by @EssereValentina I do think you've got a great point - get out there.  I've been cancelling more and more...
polyamory ... seriously!?
my fears as an entp...  Never finding someone who gets me - most people tell me that I'm difficult to understand for the most part as I don't display much emotion but still want to be in love with...
I've read D. Carnegie's book - I can successfully put it in to practice, however, haven't read the others.  I will order them online today - and in response to the pre-empted thanks...thank you for...
Stribog  I've actually thought of that :-) I'm meeting with a friend of mine who was an INTP and is now an INFP - I will ask him what he did. He's sort of explained to me that he had some type of...
Everyone conforms in one way or another to different things. I don't see it as conforming, I see it as playing a game in this instance. Sometimes you don't get to decide the rules, but you have to go...
Nope, I'm very much an ENTP that just doesn't like people or socialising lol
5w6 here, not that big on socialising but I do it. I don't like socialising at work, and avoid it. But in social situations I have learnt to deal with the fact that I'm around people.   I'm usually...
This might sound like a ridiculously silly question [advanced apologies]....but...  Allegedly my Fe is poorly developed - how do I go about fixing this? :unsure:  Are there alternatives to...
It did used to piss me off, I always dressed really badly at work up until a few years ago.  There was this woman, that I would say I were friends with, who lectured me on how badly I presented...
Dude, not everyone needs someone else to tell them [validate] that there is a problem in their relationship. Some people have the insight to identify that themselves. Anyways, he states he's done...
we accept the love we think we deserve - Stephen Chbosky ... this comes to mind about the push and pull + abuse ... not sure but this could be an avenue.  Other avenue could be she really likes...
what kind of emotions would you associate exuberance with?
This is easy for me to say as I'm not in your situation...but why are you still there? (other than the current 'physical' reasons of living arrangements etc.) Just because she doesn't believe in...
I don't think so...:kitteh:
wtf is a power couple?? Can I class myself as a power single because I evaluate my goals on a regular basis?  There is nothing wrong for people who want to be in a relationship likewise for...
Jared Eggo one of my friends is an ESFJ - not sure if she's with an INTP, her partner is IxTJ (I think) however, there's a problem in her relationship every other week. It's on or off and when it's...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaUI6Tvd1sA
Oh man, I haven't heard this song in years!! Adding to playlist again :laughing:
I hate people who stand riiiight next to you in public even when there's plenty of room elsewhere .... ever heard of personal space??  And people who think it's ok to butt in to your conversation...
ENTP here and I think the same thing...never really got on with other women bc I didn't like the whole gossipy crap; at one stage most of my friends were guys, and that got a bit tedious too. I've...
him...
Currently reading Crime & Punishment by Dostoevsky aaaaaaaannnnnndddddd I just ordered Michio Kaku's The Future of the Mind (box set) and Physics of the Impossible - I am SO freaking excited, I...
Hiya and welcome  What kind of books do you like reading?
Ohhhh, I do the same thing! Even if the person is awesome and sexy and I'm attracted, I get so nervous and end up avoiding them.  I have a pretty underdeveloped Fe, so I would have to agree with...
Agreed, she did put it well :-)  I know a lot about all the wrong things he does, I hear her bitch about them a lot. But they happen when I'm not around, so I'm not sure I can use them as evidence...'"


182: The things that we intelligent persc chatters talk about... *Enlarge image cuz I too fails to get it right* His Dudeness Sonny http://i46.tinypic.com/2nr3es3.jpg
Dw, weekend soon! You can go on a stabbing frenzy to your heart's content!
Cuz I care for you and want to make sure you do them right baby <3.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmYwZH_BNd0  And the obligatory One Direction cuz we all love you :laughing: ...
SONNY TOLD ME TO!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdrqA93sW-8
I'm pretty sure I'm a 7w6 but I could change it to type 4 if you wanted me to :p. It looks like a potential 4 fix and 7s typically have a very optimistic energy and seeming happiness to them.
1:  Attracted to melancholy - feel 'at home' when sad. Being sad usually means I feel alone, I am my only counsellor and comforter. It just feels bitterly nostalgic and 'right'. 2:  Continuation of...
Bast Or to stay awake with a cold to watch some salad fingers and the beloved shatted insides aka Yvonne. Makes a good window cleaner.
So today in tinychat we came to the conclusion that a persc tinychat karaoke night would be awesomezzz! When when?
Are the chats on a Friday or Saturday Australian time?
SharkT00th I'm jelly of how you speak. Sounds so assured and also to the point. Jelly indeed.
No need to be shy! We're friendly here :proud:
It's really interesting hearing how other people talk. Even just the anticipation of how they'd sound and the accent is exciting haha.  Vocaroo | Voice message 7w6! I had to stop and think over...
Best piece of music I've ever had the privilege to listen to. Highly recommended!
Because, I'm f***'n lazy and want both at the same time. Therefore, find something you love and pray that it pays enough so that you still get that holiday and other luxuries within your financial...
I agree with Snow White. It would depend on the person and their level of health and emotional development. 3s could be incredibly selfish (think the collapse of Enron), where employees did whatever...
Maybe it doesn't have to involve anyone. You could try letting go in private, letting yourself feel those things just for yourself and see if that makes you feel a little lighter. It could be a...
Hmm have you thought about why you can't feel weak, insecure, fearful? That's part of being human. As you said, you don't expect yourself to be supernatural and no one is either. I don't think anyone...
I've done some prior reading online about types across different online sources but would like something meaty from an authentic source (creator, author) to read about the enneagram. At the moment,...
What do you mean by against everything? I'm in a hurry but I think accepting yourself comes best when you stop trying hard to be accepted by others. You're an individual after all. By trying less...
So you're a vain, selfish attention whore? :kitteh: I didn't know that about you lewl.
Who then proceed to post their opinions/ experiences that *magically* don't match the mistype in a matter-of-fact way. Salt to the wound man; it stings.
Yup, it happens all the time but I never 'forget'. I always know it's happening ... just too lazy to deal with having to eat or 'troublesome' sleep =. Funny thing is I'm sp but that doesn't seem to...
I think tritypes can definitely integrate/ disintegrate but am not as sure about wings (perhaps it would require more growth/ stress than the core requires to change). Like the MBTI, the enneagram...
Until you crash and inertia sends that book flying back at you on it's second collision (you would most definitely feel it moving then!) :laughing:
I find your advice funny considering your avatar is that of a panda. But hey, could've been worse if it was a koala, those things get drunk off eucalyptus leaves hah!  Back to the question: I don't...
Your Enneagram (with wing):  7w6, 9w8, 4w5  Your instincts, and how confident you are about them:  So/Sx. Mmh 90% confident!  In reference to your Enneagram do you consider yourself; Not sure...
'That's wrong!'  My response : *Turns round* Problem? *Trollface*
Depends on how the person knows me as and whether I think they would handle honesty well if it weren't positive. But you also have to factor in what their motives are. If they're already down and ask...
No, but you may miss out on that job because they set you up to fail with that type of question. I'm guessing it's not so much 'let's see if the candidates are as honest as we'd like' but rather...
Quick! She's stealing our customers!
7 and 9 are fairly close but I think 7 wins by just a tiny bit with 3 trailing last. I love introspection and I don't shy away from conflict if I see it as necessary/ unavoidable but I prefer to stay...
I agree, research intended to be used as a reliable source of information means an entp's nightmare. The conventions you have to follow like referencing, structure, language, methodology and the...
Say that to the majority of the population (J users) who like to fit things into their systems =P. I wish you luck with your relationships and I'm glad you feel better about yourself now =).
If I had my way I'd be hugging everyone as a greeting and glomping/ cuddling/kissing closer friends. Physical intimacy is just so endearing and heart warming and no sex is wanted =D.
I feel the same so I avoid committing to a meeting time. I much rather have things pop up spontaneously like friends calling at 9pm telling me they're going for a road trip and if I want to go I have...
'*insert satirical joke*, no I kid, but really *insert honest opinion*' 'hey *insert name*, imagine if.... *insert zany hypothetical that seems to freak alot of people out*'
Yup I get what you're saying. If a group is already formed and has a leader you need to be extra careful not to threaten any of the members particularly the leader about their credibility or...
It seems like you lost yourself in the midst of trying to be someone else with values and thought patterns that completely go against your natural state. Very unhealthy behaviour on your part. But...
794  There's something about this song that sounds really lively, happy yet spastic  (7). Despite how annoying you may find the verses, bridge, voice etc the tune of the chorus is just so catchy...
793. Would love to share experiences (other types are welcome too!)
I absolutely relate with everything you said. I also took a look at the link and am also an so/sx that tends to forget to eat/sleep (until it starts to hurt). In groups even though I may feel rapport...
Depends on the person. If it's a friend that I haven't talked to in awihle I'll bother to go for long but shallow talks for the sake of bonding. Otherwise I like to keep things really succinct which...
I voted for corruption exists but what can you do about it.  I think the root problem of corruption is greed which is an intrinsic survival trait for alot of creatures including humans. Until you...
1. Is eye contact comfortable for you in general? Very. It saddens me that there's this 'it's rude to look at people' atmosphere on public transport =(.  2. What would make you avoid eye contact...
Entp - Absurdist. There may be a higher order but it's incomprehensible (we don't know why, who/what etc). There's no meaning in life but your journey to find meaning can be meaning in itself. Sort...
I feel inbetween Magnificent and MR.XI in terms of cussing. I adapt to who I'm with depending on what I know (and what I don't know if they're mostly strangers). If it's a group of friends that cuss...
I think it's overblown since if it were me I'd be open about it and probably tell the person they're boring or quietly wait it out and explore what the other person has left to intrigue me. If I find...
Picked up a guitar not too long ago but don't have the motivation to learn it just yet. Quite content with just improving on the voice and musicality through vocal manipulation. Singing is my...
Water manipulation including healing and photographic memory with whatever you decide to 'capture' i.e. in a little bubble for later recalling lol. Would be cool having water probe around for the...
I can relate somewhat to the statement. At the beginning I wanted an occupation to help people so social worker, psychologist and teacher came to mind and I almost enrolled into psychology after high..."


186: 'Fair enough.
If you feel you can make a plan that will let you and the future child thrive (and no, this doesn't mean white picket fence, a BMW in the driveway and private school education), then by all means...
No, it's based on getting you to think it through rather than spoon feeding you the answers.  So, what's you answer to my question?    No, that would be you, as pointed out above.  But yes,...
When people are in a relationship (a healthy one at any rate) there is emotional give and take that flows both ways.  A text message not only completely, irrevocably and callously cuts off that flow....
Seriously?  You can't figure out WHY a two second text message would piss someone off?  1) it's quick, impersonal and dismissive.  2) it's impersonal.  There is no seeing the person. No tone of...
Where these being directed to survey sites?  I had this happen to me and multiple forum sites.  I had to go into my Programs and manually uninstall a program called Webcakes.  Turns out the...
Hey I could totally get behind that :)  I'm a good cause!  So I get one of those luxury cars, right? Hehehe    That's one way to put it.  She has...issues.  And spends a lot of time putting those...
You dump on her.  She's not going to pay attention otherwise.  As for getting her alone, I wouldn't bother.  If you've asked to make time to have coffee (or whatever) so you can talk, and she...
There is a person at my workplace that last year tried to make us all give up the $10 per person head office sense us so that was can have a staff Christmas dinner.  She declared that we should pick...
When it waters down what bullying actually IS and why it's such a threat, absolutely.  When it result seen people rolling their eyes and ignoring victims of bullying because they are seen as yet...
No, I don't.  I want him to THINK about what he's doing, what real bullying is and what is actually effective.    That won't happen unless I say something.  Here.  In a discussion forum. Where we...
*sigh*  realistic [rlstk]adj1. showing awareness and acceptance of reality  2. practical or pragmatic rather than ideal or moral  3. (of a book, film, etc.) depicting or emphasizing what...
Yes it is, because those that need to hear it, won't.  You're just a random username on the internet that they have no reason to pay any attention to. That's not being pessimistic, that's being...
And you brilliantly missed the point.  Good show.  Are you going to accuse me of bullying you now?  No one has to accommodate shy/quiet people.  Like everything else in life, you learn to deal.
Riiiiiight.  Sure they will.  Uh-huh *rolls eyes*    Call it a hunch. People who are, know what REAL bullying looks like.  It's not a difference of opinions on the internet.    Do you need me...
So? You CAN learn things on the public bus too, doesn't make it on par with the established institution of school.
Then get off your computer and go get involved with your local community.  That will do a lot more good than complaints on the internet.
Yes.   v.  cried (krhttp://img.tfd.com/hm/GIF/imacr.gifd), crying, cries (krhttp://img.tfd.com/hm/GIF/imacr.gifz)  v.intr.1.  To sob or shed tears because of grief, sorrow, or pain; weep.  2. ...
Is Cycber bullying a problem?  Absolutely, when it moves into meat life events, such a social ostrisation or worse, instances of violence.  However these cases are downplayed because of the countless...
Beyond being presentable and appropriate for the setting, not really.  I'm far more concerned with my level of health than with aesthetics.
Are we talking in myself or it's role in how I relate to others?
Ooooh!  Yes, exactly.  Yet that's how many people see it.  It's annoying and rather ridiculous.    My parents, well Dad thinks he and Mom did a good job of hiding their arguments.  I think his...
Internet?  Please get out now.  The internet is great for research (sometimes) but it's absolutely dreadful for making a real human connection.  On the internet someone can pretend to be anyone they...
Just stop, please.  You're getting all wrapped in your head about how you think things SHOULD be and can't see anything else.  That's not fair to yourself or potential future partners.  Every...
Huh?  Why?  While people CAN choose to remain ignorant, nothing about being ignorant suggests that such a choice has been or will be made.
Actually debate IS conflict at the most basic, since one person holds X position and the other person hold Y position which is at odds with X.  Hell, I'm inclinflict with you right now for...
No, ignorance is a state of being, one that is entirely curable by the person learning about whatever it is they are ignorant of.  Willful ignorance is a different beast entirely and such people...
The sexes have been misunderstanding each other since the dawn of time.  Mostly because they simply fail to TALK to each other.  If you have a question, ask.  If there is an action you don't like or...
Monty Python for the win!!!! *SQUEELS*  Eh-hem.  Okay, back to the OPs question.  Yes.  I love a good debate, but when I'm in one I'm rather detached and objective about it.  This drives people...
I have no doubt you have.  But I've met women who weren't that strong.  I've seen what being forced to keep an unwanted pregnancy does to them. Please note that this is not limited to women who were...
I was raised by Atheists.  I'm a theist *shrugs*
Why on earth would you feel guilty about doing what you need to do?  Someone might come along and start ranting about selfishness, but to be perfectly blunt YOU have to come first in your world.  If...
Chaotic Neutral trending Good.
Um...Explain what?
Getting along with someone or not isn't related to type for me.  Instead it has to do with whether or not I think it's worth the effort. If I have a reason to (it's my boss, it's a client, it's a...
I don't mind talking about my issues at all, as long as it seems appropriate for the venue and the other person actually wants to listen.  I don't push it if no one is interested.  But I do collect...
When I WAS 15, I got along better with the adults than with my peers :P  I still want to throttle my peers on a regular basis.
One could argue that any label is too simplistic because really, there's only so much you can condense things down without losing the inherent complexity.  Myself, I think the personality typing is...
How often do you get out and socialize?  This doesn't have to be a big thing, you don't have to be going to house parties or some such, but social contact is very important when one is dressed.
Okay, this is me talking out of my ass here, as I'm very new to this personality typing thing.  So what you're getting is my own experiences and understandings, which should be taken with a huge...
Have you read anything I've posted?  Because I've been pointing out exactly what you CAN do.    Bad is Reena Virk who was DROWNED in my town by bullies.  Believe me, I get exactly how bad...
Then you haven't gone deep enough.  Self examination isn't easy and it isn't comfortable, but it is very VERY necessary.    Been there, done that.  I can tell you from experience that yes you...
1) Other people are outside of you (obviously) and as such they can't impact what you feel about yourself unless you allow it.  You have to CARE about their opinion for it to matter.  And if you do...
Sounds like a nose job is the least of your concerns.  I'm not saying that to be mean, I just think you've got your priorities bass ackward.  The nose isn't what's stopping you from being able to...
Yes. But not as what many seem to think it works.  It's NOT a give and take.  You don't put out good vibes and lo and behold, you get given a day pass to a spa or whatever.  Rather the law of...
Are we talking sexual or in general?  That answer in both cases would be predominately sadist, but for different reasons.  Also, in the sexual context, I'm not a true sadist.  I don't do it because...
Why WOULD I?  The whole point of this topic is what people choose to do with their lives.  Not post ignoring the points made to you.  There are plenty of people that enjoy sex and have no desire to...
Yes I do. You back quoted it.  Yet here you are pretending it's not relevant.    Oh it's ever so amusing when people make assumptions about MY life ad MY body *snickers*  Honey, I don't HAVE an...
Intimacy/bonding with one's partner.  Not to mention that it feels damned good when done right.  I'm not going to procreate.  No child deserves to be saddled with my medical history.  And there are...
Nor are they pawns in your bigotry.  So do you tell single parents that they can't be effective parents?  How well does that go over?'"


226: Thanks in advance
Alette please
Huh this is still alive
She kicks ass
Hehehe Nyn! Welcome to PerC.
The little miles is all grown up though
Congrats!
Fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination. They never stuck together because summer felt free food. So they had to find fast food in Hitler's restaurant. Stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue...
Fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination. They never stuck together because summer felt free food. So they had to find fast food in Hitler's restaurant. Stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue...
Fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination. They never stuck together because summer felt free food. So they had to find fast food in Hitler's restaurant. Stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue...
Fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination. They never stuck together because summer felt free food. So they had to find fast food in Hitler's restaurant. Stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue...
Fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination. They never stuck together because summer felt free food. So they had to find fast food in Hitler's restaurant. Stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue...
Fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination. They never stuck together because summer felt free food. So they had to find fast food in Hitler's restaurant. Stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue...
Fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination. They never stuck together because summer felt free food. So they had to find fast food in Hitler's restaurant. Stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue...
Fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination. They never stuck together because summer felt free food. So they had to find fast food in Hitler's restaurant. Stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue...
Fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination. They never stuck together because summer felt free food. So they had to find fast food in Hitler's restaurant. Stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue...
First day of class after a gap year will be nice.
I would suggest telling them your boundaries, much like others are saying. Hassling you on that sort of crosses a line at some point.
BOOOOo
btw seen the notebook lately :ninja:
Also one time I was at Walgreen's and spotted an Apple flavored Fanta drink and was like who drinks that.
I'm hard to kill! :ninja: Gia agrees with me and nice to meet you.
Sprite makes apple last longer :shocked:
I also never liked guacamole which has avocado in it
:unsure: Avocado never looked appetizing to me.
Movie and Ice Cream would be nice
ENTP 9w8 sx/so here and I think it's rare
I don't think Liz has visited that section so far
I'm glad you didn't make the same mistake as Seph and go to the spam forum
Also this isn't PG 13 like DM
I wonder how she lured you though
Welcome! Glad you are joining my game.
9 more posts, oh then your time zone is perfect since we have euro's on our site.
The states  and Texas to be specific
The mafia community is also pretty cozy here
I think my favorite sections are enneagram and mafia. Spam is third and doesn't give you a higher post count
I agree  because it grows a bit more each time I log in.
Random convo's go on here with us mafia players
Welcome! Glad, you are joining us.
thissiteisterrible Glad, I met you and I think your funny and awesome.  Earthious I love our late night chats. Can't wait to hang out some day.  Schema B Since Skype I feel like we are getting...
How do you describe Fi's stubbornness?
http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/littlekingsstory/images/4/4c/Corobo.png/revision/latest?cb=20111006212318  Occams Chainsaw :tongue:
Hi hi :kitteh:
Lol...
:typingneko::welcome::penguin::brocoli:
:crazy: We love you
Laaaaiiiiiinnnneeeyyyy
Where do you guys usually meet friends?
I don't think a childfree lifestyle is bad at all. It works for some people and not for others. I have met individual that do have a childfree lifestyle and they seem just fine.
CONGRATS LiLY!"


243: 'Indeed, you said some very charming things about gay people ...  Point is: I have compared you to the sexual[ly] frustrated creeps here, and I've found you wanting.      That's not how words...
No boobs for me, thanks.  Hard pass.
Glad we could help you put our completely idiotic mediocrity in the proper perspective.  Please let us know if you have any further questions.
Ooooh, gurl.  Noel Coward is a guilty pleasure.  Also: yes, of course, Shakespeare.  When I was a kid and wanted to stay home from school because I was sick, my mother--an English...
This is just too delicious.
An actual ENTP would probably not allow another person to set expectations as to how he (or she) should behave, and would likely see any attempt to do so as a cheap manipulation.  But, anyway, do...
Yes, this.  I have two close friends who are INFPs.  (They have taken the tests, so I'm not just going off a hunch, but honestly it would be hard to see them as any other type.)  One of these...
A few more:  In Cold Blood by Truman Capote (I can't over sell the writing) Slaughterhouse-Five and Cat's Cradle by Kurt Vonnegut (I mean, who doesn't love Vonnegut?)  Also, if you like reading...
Completely agree.  When I first discovered Kerouac (with OTR in college), I went on a binge and learned the hard way that brilliance can be fleeting.
Hmmm ... this is a hard question hard to gauge for an F-dom.  But here are some very Ne-tastic choices  Novels A Canticle for Leibowitz by Walter Miller (post-apocalyptical and theological) Billy...
Lewis Carroll is the archetype--the patron saint, if you will--of the introverted ENTP.
So, I need to say first off: I am super-obsessed with your profile pic.  I need to meet that kitty.  Second, I don't agree that female ENTPs are button pushers.  ENTP women are irreverent,...
I certainly know INFPs who are highly intelligent and VERY capable of logical thought.  F-dominants aren't intellectually ham-stringed by any stretch.  That's just not how they form their world view....
I have found that biting sarcasm is a common trait among your people.  Also tattoos.
Well, yeah, because we usually come off sounding like a cross between James Bond and Oscar Wilde.  The other stuff--e.g., the pathological procrastinating, absent-mindedness, and unconventional...
My experiences have been similar.  We and they are not from the same home planet.
Aw ... I remember when I used to wander in to gay bars.  Oh, no! I'd exclaim.  I've unknowingly strayed off the righteous path and, by a cruel act of fate, been led directly into a house of...
Incorrect.  All feelers are hollow, sub-human monstrosities, who spend their empty lives terrorizing NTs with cloying, self-indulgent fits of angst.  These facts are unassailable.  It's all in the...
Well, hellllllllllooooo there, oddly confident stranger...  If I might be so bold as to offer a brief assessment of Your Majesty's debut ...  Your instincts were right to come in strong, but...
I'm surprised no one has responded to this thread yet.  You realize that your tertiary Fi requires more than cheap wine and Budweiser puppy commercials, don't you?  :tongue:  Let me see if I can...
Now you're just trolling me, aren't you?  C'mon, you can't insist that there's a body of literature supporting your position and just leave it at that.  Not to mention that type descriptions are...
:cool:
You are maligning literally half of all Jungian personality types based on your limited and subjective experience with a small group of people who you have determined to be F-dom or F-aux...
I have an IQ in the mid-to-high 140s, and I am a member of Mensa.  In my more insecure moments, these facts provide a little comfort.  Other than that, though, there's no real advantage to having a...
To say that happiness is the purpose of life is to adopt a very solipsistic world view: i.e., it is to say that only I exist and therefore the reason for my existence must be simply to satisfy my...
451330
To the extent the model is valid, Jungian typology is really only useful for self improvement.  When first introduced to MBTI, many ENTPs revel in the fact that they are inherently programmed to be...
1. What is your profile name? aliceinbrc   2. Why would you answer #1 when we could clearly see your name? I've embraced redundancy as a strategy for communicating with other N-doms.  It saves...
It's really more the story unseen.
Yes, that's right.  The idea is that an ENTP's understanding of external (or objective) reality is informed primarily by intuition--i.e., the perception of things not immediately perceivable by the...
And this, children, is how ENTJ's use Se to manipulate others.
Heh ... that is Ti drawing upon auxiliary Ne to satisfy inferior Fe.
Well at least you exhibit the expected response of an ENTP under pressure: grasping for Te.  As you deftly point out, it is difficult to quantify a psychological orientation that is couched in...
And/or you haven't read Carl Jung.
As I approach my dotage years, I often struggle to distinguish funny from the proverbial true-true.
That's what Ne is.
I'd give up the T.  What I perceive is too good.
This sounds like a very stressful process.  Can't I just have some Scotch and punch the wall in?  :wink:
I had friends like that, too ... until the fire ...
I highly enjoyed this story, but I'm not sure that savaging a Canadian is bad ass.  I mean ... did you maybe bite off one of his arms or something?  :kitteh:
Perhaps ... or perhaps the voices in my head are just a little more interesting than the ones in yours.  :cool:
I farted once on the set of Blue Lagoon.
This is so deliciously understated.
I have an ENFP partner of almost six years.  It's smooth sailing most days.  That is until Ti and Te butt heads.  Then shit goes down.
STOP GAY BASHING ME!!!!  Heh ... juuuuust kidding.  I understand that you are saying you believe a person's sexuality or gender identity is shaped by their formative environment, and that this is...
I appreciate that you are trying to make sense of something that is outside your experience and intrinsic perceptions.  However, I would encourage you to move away from theories/explanations that...
Fluid was a poor word choice in so far as it suggests ambiguity or nebulousness.  I mean that ENTPs are one of the more consciously expressive types, and thus we are able to construct--and later...
Since you came here to understand your ENTP better, I will first say that what's going on in his mind is that you are depriving yourself of a wonderful experience and he is simply trying to show you...
I'm fascinated by gender.  It presents a very interesting definitional problem to work out, and I regularly playing around with gendered mannerisms in the performance of my own persona.  (FYI, I am...
I'm good at spin, but bad at lying.'"


248: 'I used to make up songs all the time just because it was fun, but I also used to be very competitive. Now that I think about it, I was also rather loud....looks like you are in it for the long haul.
My boyfriend (ENFJ) was sitting across from me when I read the OP's question and said: I think it is someone who is your type who was just getting their feet wet trolling.   *I click on thread.*...
Wow, I have been a member on this forum for a little while. I have never seen you write something like that before. I will keep you in my prayers.
Very well then.....
Did you purposely reply exactly twelve hours later?
Hello ENFJs, I hope all is well with you. I have a question to ask:  So my boyfriend is an ENFJ (I tested him, and then kept sort of testing him on the sly..well he knew what I was doing, but I...
I've never scaled a telephone pole, but train bridges, water towers, and abandoned buildings are right down my alley. The view is always better the higher one is. Plus it's just fun.   Meh, I think...
*Gets Popcorn*
Yes, how is potential murder of potentially the largest political figure in the free world not a big deal? It isn't if CNN is reporting.  A 300cc engine will get you to triple digits. I can...
Double post
The questions asked to subside the political talk. I kind of agree with @Mr.X, if it is not already obvious. I'm a results driven person. Talk is cheap. What have you actually done? I don't even care...
Yes, can't get enough of them actually. I cannot recommend getting a bike enough. It's the most manual machine they make for the road, and it feels like you are flying. You can really feel the road...
TheRawr , not an ENFJ myself, but my boyfriend is. I got to agree with HGy . It seems to me that nothing is going to happen there. I would move on if I were you. Some of the things that happen to you...
1. How important is it that your partner be able to match you (or keep you otherwise stimulated) on an intellectual level?  It is very important, but more than being able to match me, I really...
I like cars so...I don't know if that was a kick at them or....but I currently own a motorcycle and those things are great on gas (in the 60s mpg) and cheap used and to repair. Plus my liability...
Wow, political talk in the Chit Chat thread...in the ENFJ Chit Chat thread no less. Oh dear, oh my. Happy about Nothing. I hope you are doing well. You look a little alien. Mr. X same to you. Long...
I have an INFJ friend of five years who feels the exact same way as you do. She discovered MBTI a year or two ago, and it kind of helped her understand me more. All the things you have listed she has...
Aw, that's so cute. She's working hard to keep your relationship interesting to impress you. Silly ENTP :p
Mine changes all of my cuss words into non cuss words. Oh, how I loathe it.
Haha almost same here. I have an INTJ father and an ISFJ mother. Except, I no longer live with them (moved 700 miles away actually). I was the middle child though. Me and my father can debate until...
What the crap are you saying, Gilly? I'm not sure if I'm just out of touch or what?
I haven't been in here in a while, and I walk in and start reading....at first I thought I had too much to drink....
LOL. That's terrible. I love it. What did she say?
Lol, laughed so hard at that explanation.    I always assumed INFJs could figure us out pretty easily if they cared, but you know what they say about assumptions....
You had a dream you were playing in my backyard? What?
Sure, why not....
I never said you were. I was just writing a response. It was just my two cents. It wasn't fact. It was just my opinion.    I think that is natural.    Before replying, I ran your response...
I would have guessed ENFP
I don't want to sound like a jerk, but it helps a lot if you stop thinking so much about what other people think about you that obviously don't know you. If they jumped to a conclusion that is...
being an insomniac
Haha....you should see my skype avatar....
I can agree with all of your comments about aging for myself as well. In a lot of ways, I've mellowed out. I don't feel the need to prove things to people as much anymore, and I think that helps with...
I used to say this to people all the time. Now, I just make sure to not care.
Just know that no matter what happens, you can handle it. Honestly, unless you die, you have no choice. You have to handle it. If your dead, well, I mean your dead. You don't have to handle anything...
Haha thanks, same here.   484314
I had a long reply that was supposed to be encouraging, but then I thought I would just send you a song.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sq9kIdEU0Z4
Lol. I never named my truck.
The OP is pretty perceptive, no?  I stay in a lot. I think about going out and being around people, but I know if I have to be someone other than myself it's just going to be a drain....so I just...
Wow, an invitation, this is so formal. I'm used to just crashing parties. How do I do this? Do I RSVP? Do I complain about not having anything to wear? I'm so lost right now......  I plan on riding...
Thank you for your organized and detailed response. 1) I came for the Ne/Te actually. 2)Or maybe make you stand out to all the right people that will gladly accept you for the way you are but...
I'm lost...I live in the US. Don't conform to the system.
I had a response...    ....but she took the words right out of my mouth.     Why would you turn down awesomeness to match mediocrity?????
I've been through NM a few times. Some parts of it are very beautiful. I'll keep an eye out next time.    Apparently we both like parks and cafes, so I guess I need to look up from my camera or...
The two that I know for sure I hung out with in real life, my personality kind of bounced off of theirs which created a complete lack of blending into the social setting, lol. Then again, I find...
Yeah, with an agenda....
Meh, they're okay.    I must be passing right by them and not noticing. I did get left alone with one who was a friend of an INFJ. I didn't get many words in, so I think they are extroverts.
Nope
Well this is turning into a hairy situation. I've taken the border security into consideration. That's why I'm in school for engineering. After I get my degree, I might head that way.
Oh you're so punny. If things go too far a certain way, I might have to cross the pond.lol
Haha, ironically I often talk to a man in Australia who is an ENFP....but I live in the States.....'"


254: '... when you don't start to think about how you will spend your Sunday before Saturday evening. ... when you are easily able to order a meal without even having seen the menu. ... when you choose...
Sorry, gotta make a post here once more ... stupid dilemma. Grr. :rolleyes:  Anyways:    Uhm, no, I don't think so ^^. ENTP is ENTP, ENTJ is ENTJ as far as I can tell :D.
I confess that I had mistyped myself.   :th_woot: :th_woot: :th_woot: :th_woot: :th_woot:  I have spent quite some time with the ENTJ's, actually I did like it. I just said farewell to them,...
Hey guys,   I just did some Socionics research (didn't expose myself to socionics at all, up until now) and this really opened my eyes. I've always analysed only my behaviour, which is pretty...
Psyduck (in German: Enton) I like his attitude. I think the truth about him is that he is an omniscient being and loves sarcasm. Think of this if you watch him. He tends to ridicule everyone ^^....
You're welcome :).      Well, it unnerves the one stared on aswell as the one that stares. It is awkward and creepy if you stare at someone in a conversation as it is if you don't look at your...
What  walking tourist wrote came also up to my mind right away. But even before analyzing your current interests I would want to ask you if that tiny world of yours generally disturbs you. Does it?...
Hey there,  I think you described that reason for you being shy very well. In one word: Fear.   You fear that people could possibly not like you if you would let go and relax, if you would not...
ENTJ-professional-tip: Look on their nose bridges. At first this will maybe feel a little bit awkward, but if you do that it is actually easier than looking them into their eyes AND it is more...
As you wish. You make sense, so I shall respect your needs.   I'm going to get in touch with you before the mentioned zombie purge will be initiated.  Gotta stash some more cigs and drinks then.
Jup. But it won't come that far. I'll end the apocalypse before abstinence syndroms even will occur.
I have lots of beer. And lots of cigarettes. Therefore I am prepared.   Imagine a Zombie Apocalypse without beer and cigarettes ... nope. Won't happen to me.   Got no weapons but I do know great...
beep-beep-beep-beep-beep  *rose-colored-glasses-alert-goes-off*  It's good that you started this thread. Because now we maybe can do a good deed and can save your tender heart from getting blown...
I can do it in two words - but to make my post legit I'll add a third, random one:  bright - dark - batrachomyomachy
Hello from Baden-Wrttemberg ^^.  Having signed in to be an active part of the community will certainly help you on your journey to find yourself.  Actually I don't think that you're only...
Right. Make posts, not love! :laughing:  274346274346
A variety of Murphy's Law: What can happen will happen.  So your combination is no surprise, as it has to exist.   By the way: Doesn't every EXXX 5wX appear to be unusual at a first glance?...
Never mind, just wanted to comment that one ^^.  Here do you find the Enneagram-Area. Then pick a type, for Example Type 2 Forum and then look for Timeless' Descriptions. They're there for every...
Hey there smnparish,  you won't be able to answer all of your questions with MBTI only. I think both, INTJ and INTP could be your possible types. What    Krusmynt wrote makes sense, but just...
Hello there,  it's always good to have people with cat avatars around. We can never have enough of you guys. Yours is especially awesome. Van Gogh Grumpy Cat Power so stronk!   Regards, Ludwig
You shall be forgiven! :laughing:  I didn't think you were being serious there, J/k has been spotted! :ninja:  But if NT's would only breed NT's you would be right ^^.
You might be an ENTJ if you sigh when people around you say OMG, I don't know what to do first, this is too much, I'll fail and tell them: Obviously: going a), b), c), d), e) will be the right...
Such wisdom. Much wow :blushed:.   After reading some of your posts, I ascertain beyond doubt that you are both: scholar and oracle!    It's a lie! But I have to admit that your assumption,...
carolineatlantis  If you really like him (as you say) and he does like you (even if he appears to just like you a little bit), I have one advice for you:  Forget about MBTI and talk to him....
Started League of Legends again. Got demoted to Gold IV ... awww. Sad when being inactive gets punished in a game. Nevertheless amazing and fun to play ^^.  Server: EUW Nickname: All is One ...
Fair enough. Cheers. implement:sound_of_glass_and_porcelain_touching
Here you go:  273154  It says good morning as it is 2:57 am here and I just got up ^^.
Join us. It's fun! Here, *handsheracupofcoffee* this one is on me. :wink:
Once I've been to Australia. Wanted to drink a cup of coffee, went to some fancy coffee shop. Ordered a cup of coffee, please. Barista was kind of dissatisfied with my obviously sheepish order -...
Really? This is interesting, never thought about that. Could you elaborate on what is especially Very German about her? I'm curious :D
Trolling mostly is exhausting to watch as it tends to be pretty primitive. But I have to admit that there are cases that, despite them being primitive, still make me laugh out very loud xD.  This...
Well, what you say is absolutely true. If you see that a person would be better without you and you care for that person, you let go. Very noble. I did that once, but still I felt pretty bad...
#doublepost. Sorry :rolleyes:.
Definitely Falkor the Luckdragon from The Neverending Story. Awwwwww. Much love Falkor <3.  271170
If the belong interferes, we could easily replace it with is with you.   So if the pen is only with you because you're holding it, you obviously didn't let go. Which is wrong imo. But you don't...
Well, I'm ENTJ. Maybe because of that I can't comprehend that one could possibly secretly want something but not go for it.  If one really wants it, that is.  So if you really want it, (@Fern...
You can compare anything with everything to explain something else. Sometimes it limps a bit but mostly it works fine ^^. I'm pretty aware that a human beeing can not equally be compared with a pen....
I'm not Christian, but I can still give you my philosophical answer ^^:  Imagine you are holding a pen in your hand, standing in a public area where lots of people are.  The pen belongs to you...
Final Fantasy XIII - There was a special offer on Steam this weekend. HAD to buy it, only  5 *yey* :D.
Welcome to PerC,  enjoy the ride :D.
Yesterday a friend of mine presented me a bottle of Jack Daniels Single Barrel  134913  as a dedication gift for my house.  Well ... to be honest: Both of us didn't really enjoy drinking it ......
O.k. I'm done, I can't read this thread anymore, this is too much ... bye guys *runs out* :laughing: :laughing: :laughing:
Gatts from Berserk! (OldSchool ^^)  134337  Edward Elric from Full Metal Alchemist  134345  Kirito from Sword Art Online
In my opinion most people can understand this concept. It is not that complicated or abstract, therefore understanding it shouldn't be the problem. So it's not that nearly no one understands, it's...
Haha, I did not see any of these because I never had and don't have a TV :laughing:.  And jup, I DO live under a rock ^^.
I think that this is where it all comes from :proud:.
Just a few days ago when I was sitting in a little caf in downtown, a friend of mine and me were talking about exactly the same topic.  At some point in this conversation I remembered something I...
Lawl, I thought of it being an - to me yet unknown - idiom, so I actually didn't get two things there (the not obvious second has been hidden behind the, also not obvious, but...
Hm, may I ask what this means? I'm not a native speaker, maybe therefore I didn't get it oO.    Ok, I didn't get that one, either :D. Plz explain :confused:
I think I speak in everyones name if I say: You're welcome :proud:.   Instead of just trying to memorize our writings, I suggest that you copy & paste this thread into a word-document on your...'"


295: 'liberal arts is stupid.  Get an engineering or math degree.  If you don't mind mental masturbation and living with your parents then get a liberal arts degree
interesting
haha, he's insane, go find a new one...
I get EXTREMELY uncomfortable telling my feelings to someone I care about to their face.  I could text message I love you all day long, but in person I really have to love that individual and...
I had the same conversation, but my friends at the time were like wtf so it ended quickly until I began talking to myself, eventually determining genetics most likely allows all the colors to be...
do what's uncomfortable.
People generally regard me as insane and aloof and completely unable to perceive the effects of my actions.  After they get to know me, or I help them they always manage to call me wise, usually like...
my parents were never around, it was awesome, now that im older, they try to be involved, you know my mother actually tells me to clean my plate when we are eating in the same room together, I'm 26...
32 on ACT, 1190 on SAT after staying up all night the night before the test listening to my parent's marriage fall asleep.  I almost took it again, knowing if I could be well rested I could get...
The money thing isn't really an issue per se, it's just the process of paying down my debt will take mildly longer. I dunno, I do need to find a job that I enjoy and as an engineer it shouldn't be...
Yes I will regret it much no the money back isn't worth the regret    Haha good point, I've slept on couches for months at a time before its not out of the question :) I also agree with...
it wouldn't be a full refund, but more than enough to be worth it.  I am sure I can keep this job indefinitely, getting a job that pays more, I guess thats doable, I spent like 6 months applying to...
No I'm not speaking about my lifestyle being too expensive.   I am a chemical engineer with the US army, its mind-numbingly boring and I want to shoot myself most days.  I see your point as far as...
So like all, ok not all but many, ENTPs I suck donkey balls when it comes to money.  I've been living with my aunt rent free for a year now (yay?) only stipulation was I help her out, she has...
no, she sounds needy but shes young, i never needed my parents around, probably bc they weren't, and I always explored, but all babies do that, they're new.  My mom did tell me stories of me just...
its ok, im still awesome.
I was drugged, apparently I was a great sleeper.  Afterwards my mother was afraid child protection services would come to take me away because of all the bones i broke and wounds I got.  I remember,...
my time means more to me than my money, if i want it i buy it.
why thank you :)
fitting. truly truly.  I had a friend who I thought I could count on, I kept telling her I was going to come to egypt for 3 weeks, told her the time frame I would do it because of PTO and money. ...
i dont try to type people, but i use my experience to predict their thoughts and actions.  So far so good.  Doubt its 100% never is, but I can't remember a time where I completely fucked up.  Also...
hey there cutie, want to share opinions later on? *wink* *wink*
Extroversion 78% Orderliness 28% Emotional Stability 70% Accommodation 42%  Inquisitiveness 82%  SCUEI
Extroversion 





 78%     Orderliness 

 28%    Emotional Stability 




| 70%   ...
http://troll.me/images/jackie-chan-whut/what-the-fuck-is-this.jpg
how many entps are gay? how many women are in the world? how many entps are too lame to say hi to a girl? I rest my case, I'll take 2.
I was abused much of my childhood, so I am quite the feeler, I don't know I might even be ENFP at heart, but given my ice cold demeanor in most situations I act like an ENTP.  My empathy knows no...
I got a BS in biochemical engineering...it took me 4 years to make it through the bullshit fluff that generally takes everyone else 3-4 semesters, or 1.5 to 2 years, to get through.  I switched...
a new job that i desire. otherwise a hug is fine. big  tits only, male or female.  I believe in God, unfortunately, I'm really bad at following rules.
yeah use a calculator. Also mine is hella good.
yes ma'am, ill try.
thats because its the internet. no one ever appreciates me unzipping my pants in public.
*unzips pants* hehe *pulls out a rabbit* does this make you uncomfortable, how magical I am?
it was kind of like this:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvVKvEcXsAE  guess i will cut back on coffee
well thats awkward, don't you feel confined having a natural state of awkwardness?
i bet you were feeling awkward, sort of giggling, going with the flow.  Thats what you look like.
i fucking HATE when you INFPs ignore me, I'm all like idgieyfviuefvifegedfiedgfipwgfwpifgepifgdig3294629472974274529!!@#@#@)#(@)(#&@ and you'll go *blink* *blink* and i'm like WHAT THE...
glad you decided to move on :) my ex was the same way, even after sitting down with her and specifically pulling dates and times and events out to make my point she still stuck to her position, thats...
http://nastyhobbit.org/data/media/1/powerfap.jpg  what a thread.
cut and run, holy fcuk. I dated a girl like him, complete psycho.  I'd rehash shit but you know whats up.  Seriously, gtfo.  If you don't I will break your legs. omg don't make me do it, I'll do it....
huh?  10char
well if i have to explain it that kills all the fun...
but i really felt like we connected after you thanked me on my post, and then replied....sighhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Amazing Facebook link? NO!
well there are different levels of maturity. on a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being most mature, i'm about a 3 when it comes to wimmins
awwwwwwwwwwwwwww
I'll answer this. Behold:   What do you look for in a girl? For a relationship, I mean. Intellectual stimulation, anyone who says I can't do something pisses me off, huge turn off, if I like you,...
I like money because it gives us freedom. i prefer freedom over money, but they're synonymous at this point in time.
Want to learn Arabic and it's just about the center of the world which is perfect for my castle when I rule the world.
well i almost got fired for the reasons listed sbove.  I decided if I got fired i'd take my last paycheck and go to egypt/gaza strip, but hasn't happened yet.  Still employed, doing amazing shit,...'"


309: 'Kill: Perez Hilton (because he's a fucking parasite on society)  Save:  JFK (because he may have never allowed Vietnam to happen)
Thanks for sharing.  I am hesitant to see a headshrinker.  I used to have a lot of anger issues and sought help through a psychologist (x2).  The first one was a Brit that kept asking me how I felt...
If you don't mind, what type of doctor did you see?  I have a lot of the same struggles and with work, a wife, 3 kids (and all of their activities), 2 dogs...I often feel like I'm on a...
I'm pretty much in the same boat, except I married the right woman :cool: (18 years and counting).  Life is what you put into it....if your sitting around waiting for someone to make it better, you...
The only one I know is just evil.  She is a gossip hound that not only collects and spreads rumors, but also enjoys outting people in public with a smile.  I am very careful in dealing with her,...
Agreed.  But trying telling that to the people of Mexico.  Poor bastards.
I only know of one for sure (all of us here at work were tested at the same time) and I can't stand her.  She uses her powers for evil.
This is very well said (and accurate).  I just got a new boss and he has been interviewing people around the office to get a feel for who they are and what they represent.  About an hour into our...
I work with one and she is a fucking bitch that uses her powers for evil.
Couldn't get past the first paragraph....so why is he leaving?
Un-cool!  It's stunts like this that make people numb to legitimate pleas for help.
Wait until you begin the job interviewing process!  It's like a stupid question nightmare, where they pummel you with scripted questions designed to educate them as to what kind of employee you may...
Arrogant douchebag, cold-hearted bastard, mad-at-the-world, smartass...etc.  Most people just can't handle the truth.  Perhaps I could be more sensitive in my delivery, but then people would just...
Hell yeah....especially if humor is involved.  As for our capacity for evil... I think we are more than capable of some pretty dark shit, but are kept in check by the things we value...
When it comes to friends and family, there's always at least a shred of truth to what they say, simply because they know you better than most people...which is why it tends to sting a lot more than...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fVE8kSM43I Slipnot indulges my dark, angry side.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=239vHrwt8Rs&ob=av2e Doesn't this fit all ENTPs?  ...
That is so fucking dark!  I love it.
Perhaps, but without a plan this revolution is doomed.  They're pissed off about corporate greed...me too!  Now what?  Even the liberal media will abandon these potato heads if they don't establish...
I agree.  And before Souljorn comes a callin', I don't watch FoxNews. My opinion is based on protestor interviews I have read on msnbc.com and seen on cnn. Sure it's the liberal media, but since I...
I'd like to be able to travel back in time to test the accuracy of things like the bible, JFK's assassination, Obama's birth...etc.
Option#1: Go back to school, get a degree in Journalism.  As an ENTP, you should be able to do this standing on your head.  Then, using your degree, get a job in corporate communications.  Next to...
Personally, if I were this bully and you presented me with the facts about my behavior in a kind, but firm way....I would give your words some consideration and probably change my attitude.  Then...
That depends....would it bother you if this person tells you to go fuck yourself?
So what you are saying is that you are a deviant and it feels good?  Me too!  Welcome to the party.
You are full of shit!  Think of it this way...at work, I try to hit home runs everyday.  Sometimes I only hit singles and doubles...sometimes I hit foul balls or strike out...but every once in a...
Very well said and accurate!  I was in a fucking nasty mood yesterday when someone here at work pissed me off.  It didn't pass until I woke up this morning.  I think these moods are even nastier...
I love it when my kids try to tell me some shit like this...it's like they are daring me to fuck with them.
Spoken like a true ENTP, however most 8-year-olds don't have the capacity to simply suck it up and 'handle it'.  All he needs to know is that the medicine is for his own good and not because he is...
I like the dickhead label better than hipster.
I am right there with you. I too have concerns about long-term effects and also the current social stigma he may face personally and from his peers. However, our doctor has said that most kids...
I was the same way with our 7-year-old (who is now 9). The thing is though that it is next to impossible to re-focus them at this age. You are not there to give him the TLC (or tough love) that he...
That's not paranoia...he is always watching.
Dad:  ISTJ or pathetic fucking asshole, that is dead to me...take your pick. Mom: INFP Younger brother: ESTP
I am 40+.  My wife and I have been married for 17 years and the best advice I can give you is to be very specific and to the point when communicating with him.  Tell him exactly what you expect...
I agree with MB's high sex drive theory.  I think sexual addiction is a bullshit excuse for someone that gets caught cheating and just doesn't have the guts to admit that they got caught.    ...
17 years and counting.  Marriage is only for those that are capable of commitment and willing to do whatever it takes to make things work.  If you can't (or won't) do this....if your thirst is...
Adolph Hitler, Napoleon Bonaparte, Julius Caesar and Darth Vader (to name a few) were all ENTJs...I highly doubt that any of them were some ENTP's bitch.
You are right.  It was my lame attempt at humor.
Have you ever tried cock blocking your clearly more attractive friend?  Wait until he goes to the bathroom and say, Yeah....Joe sure is a great friend...especially since he finished that...
Exactly!  Joke'm if they can't take a fuck.
I come here when I am bored...haha.  At work, I make a list of things I want to accomplish during the week on Monday morning.  This list is comprised of items that are in addition to my normal...
He represents the district I live in, but to tell you the truth I have no idea who he is or what he represents other than what I have read on Wikipedia.  His son, Rand, is an interesting character...
This kind of storytelling strength is especially helpful in raising children.  You can use it to teach lessons, create a tighter bond and have fun...My young daughter noticed that people often leave...
This really resonates with me...especially the patterns (you see them too?)...haha.  However, sometimes I think it's important to drink this Koolaid in small sips.  The last time I was on this board...
No shit.  Either explain it or shut the fuck up!
I smoked weed everyday in high school.  I did everything stoned: school, dinner with mom, traffic court...etc.  Then I went into the Marines, in which I only got high once (during the Gulf War). ...
The only problem that I can see with getting a Journalism degree is that at some point you will be writing for an editor and this sorry excuse for a human is going to piss all over your work of art...
Puff, Puff, PASS....Bogart!
Really?  You failed to establish the joke.
Wtf?  Please explain.'"


316: 'It happens to me.  I feel compelled to help people sometimes when it serves me no benefit.  It pisses me off too.
The ones that come out of your mouth when you see a real life situation that you can relate to that quote.  The ones that  leave you (and possibly one of your close friends) lying on your back...
Good:  1. Taking a pile of random edibles and cooking the most delicious thing you've ever tasted!  2. Knowing people better than they know themselves by the end of a ridiculously short...
I can predict myself to an extent, but I am constantly surprising myself.  I think if I could keep my thoughts in the immediate future I would be able to predict my actions and words with pinpoint...
Believe it. I have a strong desire for other people to perceive me as competent. I'm not proud of it.  It doesn't make sense to me logically, but it's there sure enough.    I didn't used to be like...
I like those articles.  It gives me new perspective on it.  I think I try to analyze my actions in real time which gets me really disoriented, where as when I'm in my flow state I save the analysis...
I feel like I spend alot of my time caught in an Ne-Fe loop full of a need for validation and self doubt, and constantly chasing my ENTP flow state.  I can never predict when it's going to hit me. ...
Revolution?! Sounds awesome!  Nothing beats sticking it to the man.  I would participate in one indirectly.  I definitely wouldn't be on the front lines.  I would be the one to sit on the sidelines...
I could care less for celeb gossip.  I won't spread gossip for the sake of spreading it. Only if it benefits me in some way.  Will I listen to gossip?  Damn right!
I made it about half way thru.. Too long for me.  I can't really relate, because I don't consider myself an underachiever.  I do what I want to do when I feel like doing it.  I cycle through about 5...
I've tried alot of them.  Usually became disinterested after the first or second time.  Opiates I think I did 6 or 7 times over a 2 week period. Some girl I worked at Taco Bell with, way back in the...
It's not a conscious effort.  I was doing this before I ever knew what MBTI was.
I'm sure there are alot of xSFJ's out there that could very well 'wipe the floor' with me in certain aspects of cognitive function.  When I said 'dumb myself down',  It's not a narcissistic statement...
I can't say I've ever fallen in love... I've fallen in lust!  Does that count?   Usually happens in the drop of a hat and 'un-happens' at nearly the same speed but a little slower.  It can last...
I don't know why I do this. Everytime I meet a new person I automatically treat them as if they were SFJ (Naturally I dumb myself down to that cognitive level in order to communicate efficiently). ...
I can't really get into traditional sports.  If it's on TV I'll be off in the clouds or googling some random shit on my phone.  I can watch action sports for a short period until my attention span...
So true!
Happens to me all the time.  I'll have no clue that I knew anything about a topic until it comes up in conversation.  Suddenly I'm an expert.  I surprise myself.
Interesting... very interesting.
I might just be crazy, but sometimes I'll think about something that I do routinely without usually thinking about,  like brushing my teeth, or the pronunciation of a word; and as I think about it,...
-When you see on Facebook that there is a DUI checkpoint and you go out of your way to get to it so you can  exercise your constitutional rights  and quote case law, making the unsuspecting police...
Skateboarding Beer Guitar YouTube  Google 3 pages of a book Window shopping on Amazon Daydreaming Procrastinating
Thinking about it now that was just a generalized and bad example that I gave. My thoughts were somewhere else when I was typing.  I've been thinking about it all day and I think I figured it out.  ...
I'm fairly decent at determining peoples' character at the drop of hat. When I come in contact with people that I perceive as highly critical that seem to match or beat my level of general...
I'm leaning a little towards the diversion theory.  I find it difficult to believe that the plane hasn't already been located given the available resources.  Also, with satellite imagery as...
And..... GO!
And what is Sampling? Using a sound progression that already exists?  Every musician could be considered a sampler to a degree.  What it's composing? Arranging sounds in an original pattern within a...
Marshall Mathers.  That counts, right?!
It's not her competence or ability to lead that attracts me.   It's the dry, sarcastic sense of humor.  Also, her  autonomous personality makes her unobtainable in a way and we all want what we can't...
Katniss Everdeen! Such a dry sense of humor, and she rebels against tyranny!!
This hits home hard for me.  I think my only true identity is the voice in my head.  Nobody with ever see the real me because I will always the personality that carries the most advantage of being...
Do you have any experience with autistic people?  In my experience they have an uncanny ability for abstract thought and connections.  They also tend to blatantly avoid any kind of decision...
That's my theory! What are your thoughts??
A game with psychological traps sounds really intriguing.  I'm not sure if I would have the patience to really get into it tho =/
You get the point.  let me give you an example of how I figure my percentage.  Skill rating is an extremely transitional slope. The bottom containing a vast amount of people and the top becoming ever...
Lol. Any sensible reply would be futile at this point.. Might as well kick back and laugh at the jokes at my expense..
Lol. Think you guys missed the point.  %10 is definitely nothing to brag about. Let's take a math lesson. How many people in the world do these things? Let's say 3 million people play guitar. That...
I've got the widest range of hobbies than anyone I know. And I can hang with the best of them in every single one almost effortlessly.  A lot of people tell me I'm confused about who I am and what I...
I study alot of philosophical theory. I've been reading alot about Nietzsche's Eternal Recurrence theory, and most people seem to think it would be similar to hell, living the same life over and...
How do you feel about death??  I used to be terrified of it when I was in my younger teens, to the point where I was a borderline hypochondriac.     Now I approach it with a sense of humor, and...
Forgot to quote you in the last post
I have read the bible, and studied it vigorously from Genesis to Revelations.  I grew up in a very conservative Christian church. As much as I tried and wanted to, I couldn't close my mind around...
Unbeatable Situation = Bad Perspective   Planning = Isn't  Procrastination + Improvisation = My Life  BSing = Plan B  I'm Crazy = I have you right where I want you because when you come to...
I can promise you that there is definitely no truth suppressing going on, on this side. I'm addicted to truth. The pretty truth, the ugly truth, The skinny truth, or the morbidly obese fried chicken...
apparently God burning people alive with fire from the heavens wasn't enough to convince everyone, so what could you possibly have that could remove every shadow of doubt??   I say that with sincerity
Don't plan.  Improvise...
What the hell makes you so special that you get to tell me what to do!?  Are you telepathic??  ....No?     Ohh so then you must be able to shoot laser beams from your eyes?? .... No?    Well...
Am I God???...   I bet epoxy would work better than griptape on skateboards.. it works on basketball courts... it definitely would work.. I could be a millionaire if I marketed this.... but who's...
I will play devils advocate here for a second and say that Leviticus is part of the old testament and most Christians believe that those rules were only to be followed before Jesus came along to...
If I could be so bold as to interject a theory: Could Jesus have been a philosopher who was blown way out of proportion. Kind of like Chuck Norris?'"


322: 'Well, sorry, but I just think this is another 'attempt' for a N-person to feel superior about that they're not the fast food kind of people, the 'normal jobs' kind of people..  So the opposite of...
INTP's fits best in a fast food restaurant. that's what you wanted to hear right?
I did as it said, future to the right, past to the left. But the present on me
Sorry, got very low Se.. Can't read them!
You guys do realize ENTP is the best type?  No explanation needed.
I think it's a good thing what's happening to you now. :)  soon you will break out of your cocon like a beautiful butterfly with rainbows in the sky.. j/k but you'll break out of your cocon as a...
You know trollmaster, when I found about these MBTI forums (about MBTI in general!) I also mellowed down a little bit for a moment. normally when i wake up i open my doors and scream for company and...
I'm an ENTP and my best friends are the types:  ENFP ENTJ ESFP INTP ESTP ENTP ISTP And I'm sure there are more, but I didn't type everyone
How? Well I was just watching Sherlock the serie (the british one) and was wondering quite a bit about the type Sherlock Holmes represent.   I know people are wondering about him being a Sensor or...
What is the use of 'knowing' free will, when there's no way it is concrete in day-to-day life. You will believe you have 'free will' but it has no content.
It would be something we will never understand as in the state we are now. But the moment we have become these 'animals', nothing will withhold us from wanting free will. As we just don't know it.
But where's the thrill ? If every problem was solved, what is left for us problem-solvers :confused:. Will we cease to exist by natural selection?
I'm very sorry, please don't ban me.
I don't know, why are you hiding? Don't be ashamed of being a S, I know it's scary with all those N's in town ;). Oh and surroundings only have meaning in context.     I think you're missing the...
I tend to remember some things very much and others not.  Like names: in the fraternity I had to remember a lot of names from the people that were already member. I was the quickest to remember all...
Are you running in to circles? I don't hear any new arguments. Don't worry if you want to give up, just say so, we're a forgiving type. As I said: we can PLAN, but also ADAPT. You can only PLAN.
Don't know, got quite some Si in me that made me clean up my appartment.  And so what? We can be clean and adaptable in untidy situations! The world is a mess, how does your kind survive?
What? You're jealous because we SEE trees? All you do is dream about trees, because you're afraid to go outside your own home as introvert.
Haha, as if you ever have any 'idea', good or bad.
T - F range = Combat vs Magic S - N Range = Direct approach (warriors alike) vs Indirect (rogues alike) P - J Range = Adaptable (good at improvising) vs Strategical E - I Range = ?  ESTP =...
Our kingdom would be open-minded, open to initiatives and a haven to live in. There would be no dogma's/false traditions. Israel and Palestina would live along together. Countries would be open for...
All you INTJ's do is putting copyright on the ideas we E/INTP generate. Where's your dignity!
Yarquiniostamina
Damn, I would've loved a 'smart college student tutor' in High School :(!  Ok a bit off-topic but: so probably I'm in this 'impossible to overcome' state... Am I doomed ;)?
Shhhh, you're such an idealist and get cranky of criticism on your ideals. no wonder nobody answers on you for half a year, afraid to be the next subject of your emotional writings
Hahaha, awesome thread ;)!
I know that when someone says to me 'you're special to me, you're my best friend' it flatters me, but also makes me feel a little bad. Because i can't say the same back, and i won't lie. It's just...
My phone is perfect.  I've got facebook, whatsapp, twitter every possible way to connect. I've reached a point that I get texted A LOT. I don't know if you guys got the same thing in the USA, but...
Interesting, and I think it totally makes sense. If you never got the chance to prove yourself socially and was always kept at home, how would you know if you're extrovert? And even when you get the...
ISTJ  Because you used only one sentence, that means you're introvert all the way! Because you're afraid to express all your opinions and stuff. Sensual because your avatar is very sensual :proud:...
Oh yeah
wow, you're actually right.. you are!  are there more people like me? Else i'm the only champion. I've to rule alone
Really I never did homework at high school.You've to engage them, make it 'fun'. If your lessons got dynamics (damn yeah get an outside person do some magic tricks ^^). If you make the homework...
3w4 5w4 8w7 (or 9w8) Tritype: 358 or 359 (the solution master or the thinker)  isn't that the correct way of interpreting the score? though i hate the tests, got mine all completely wrong
Wow dude.  At first I don't think you should be worried about becoming a NF, NF's have their own qualities.  But of course, if you're used to NT, it's strange to change.  But perhaps you're...
If I do my best, I can be able to cry at movies at emotional moments. Though I can easily withhold it.  I never cry, but when I've built up to something very big and it's a letdown it can get me. ...
Haha, I actually love to be photographed. Only to put my mark on it (it's MINE!).  But I smirk like hell ! One side of the mouth up and eyes half closed looking cool, face tilted a little. In town...
Damn, I do study Nuclear Technology. It would be quite possible as I'm Asian and they won't suspect I'm from the western world. So world war wouldn't be initiated.  But I also study Law, and damn...
Awesome post ;)! Thanks.  Well I do got quite some sticks burning and also some coals, I believe? Summarized: I'm at a fraternity organise events (1 very big one, 1 semi-big one (as leader), had...
Yes ok :p. But this everyone doesn't seem to be able to cope up with my energy. And I know a lot of everyone's ;).  Damn it, it's just I get so annoyed by people that need to 'sleep' or 'rest' or...
Isn't it like Ne grabs the exterior stuff and links it immediately with some kind of vision and what the person knows + created logic (so Ti + inferior Si?) And then perhaps indeed Ni, is linking...
Because I can't always get the impulses I want, because I'm being with-hold by social conventions or environments. By duties I have to fulfill. I need too much to live!
AAAAAAAARGH, it's so tiring but it isn't wearing me down.  Typically Ne, I want to experience something new all the time. But I've got the feeling it's an extreme. I REALLY want to experience...
Well as I type Ne as intuitively grabbing stuff from the exterior world, I see those dreams as the collection of those things. Ni, uses interior intuition of course. But in the end they always need...
Wow, I was just taking a little 'nap' without sleeping. And at some point when I closed my eyes and was pitching my creativity in my head I somehow felt images stronger. I think it's some kind of...
I always find it an interesting topic, losing yourself because of craziness.  But I also have a very hard time trying to imagine how I could possibly become crazy. My mind is so logical, I can't...
Probably you've heard of this test/game that sometimes companies use to assess somebody's creativity. Like name 10 functions of a violin, by which you have to name 10 ways you can use a violin. ...
I would steal from Oscar Pistorius.
I agree, this idea also crossed my mind several times.  Though definition literally seen, you can seperate culture and nature. Culture is what humans have made and nature are the raw products. A...
Now you mention it, I do have visuals in my thinking. Are you really only imagining visuals? Because now I think of it, it's my Ne which has pictures. Very abstract pictures of atmosphere and eeh...'"


323: 'He's the best explanation I've heard of chess and how it relates to life. 8 time chess champion:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPqb51X4xSY
My advice for 18...  Just do. A bit too young for most ENTPs to know what they want. If some project sounds interesting, use your enthusiasm to impress the right people to get in on it (older...
That makes sense about trust.   I feel just as much of a responsibility to others close to me as I do myself. But it has to be people I like, or know they actually care.  This kinda ties into my...
Well...
Reminded me of this song, haha   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQd7_HqR900
How good would you say you are at having good manners, being aware of social etiquette, and obeying social norms?
According to me.
I have lately been pulled to refine my ethical and moral stances on many things.  Its funny because I've been kinda bending over backwards a bit to understand where others are coming from. Part of...
This is kinda how I see it.  I think the ENTJ wants all the final say. If the ENTJ respected the ENTP enough, I think they could work out pretty well, though I dunno, I haven't seen an example...
Your post count, avatar, and thread content are making my spider senses tingle.
Sometimes I get called a hipster. I basically use the term allll the time. Half the world can be classified as hipsters now. There's basically hipsters and non hipsters.  And if you proceed to tell...
Dude I totally feel ya on this one. The idea of missing out on something is a huge demotivator for me. Even knowing that something better is going on while I'm working is bad enough. Funny though,...
how long have you bee doing this for?   I've really like this idea and wanna try this out, but haven't gotten into a rhythm with it yet.
At the risk of sounding obvious, do you need to be around people to get work done?  I've been working on quite a few projects by myself, and sometimes I have almost no energy/motivation to get...
It's funny the more I look into the first and fourth functions of each type, they're in such a love/hate battle with each other.  Si gets too caught up with stuff when in a bad mood. Sometimes Ne...
Who am I to define fun??!
This is the best breakdown I've seen in ages.
Purpose? Order? Structure?  Is this some kind of ENTP intervention?
Thanks Brother, that was a helpful breakdown.  Yeah it seems like having a few Js in the mix is good, but having too many leads to rigidity.   The team that I want to be building would be in a...
Lol yeah, I guess I was asking, as an ENTP, which types would you prefer to lead? Is there any specific types that would be better than others?  I could see working best with leading a team of...
Another random thought, what MBTI types do you seem to be able to lead/manage best?
My theory is that the plane was full of people that wanted to disappear and live off the grid. Now they're on an undiscovered island partying it up and no one knows.
I didn't read many posts in here, but most ENTPs I know are not anything close to Sociopathic.  I think ENTPs sometime glamorize the idea of it, and wish they were able to shut their feelings off...
I want to bring this thread back :P  So I'm trying to figure out our ENTP strengths in leadership.  I feel like I can inspire people to take action. I think that's a mix of Ne optimism and Fe...
Is she ESFJ?
I have my own ideas (I'll share them in a bit).   How you would go about it?
This kinda stuck out to me.  Does she feel unsafe when you are asleep? Is she doing something to act startled in the middle of the night? Has she ever woken you up mid sleep in a panic because of...
I honestly am confident I can overcome any addiction.  Anything that could be able to be considered an addiction I have been able to consciously quit when I've decided I wanted to.  On the flip...
I feel like Trolling is a very broad term.  My favorite form of trolling is to do something that challenges peoples current beliefs.   It's almost a satire of their views, in order to cause...
Most people can't keep up with what I say, but I'm surrounded by SJs and SPs.  In some ways its annoying, other ways it trial and error to see what works/gets a reaction for them.  I have a...
Yes. Its a proven fact.  see: internet.
I think Rachel is ESTP
Frank: ESFJ (He is the definition of Fe gone wrong. Same functions as a ENTP, which can be confusing some here.)  Claire: INTJ (She is constantly battling with her strategic decisions and Fi.) ...
I agree Ti is useful for solving their Te objections.  However, don't use your Ne/Ti to bring up and solve possible problems their mind didn't even consider. It just gives them more doubt and makes...
Curb is hilarious. Larry David is a genius.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjHRTJfFPew
I come here to check out threads, but there's hardly any on the first page worth clicking on...  We have: Bowling, a No Fap Challenge, and someone trying to squeeze poll information out of us.  ...
Just tease her a bit. See how she reacts. If you don't straight up tell her, you can't be denied :P  14... Uhh.. That's about as much advice as I can give at that age. I think I was busy playing...
ehh. too late.
I think the point is to not listen/give to much credit to people rejecting the ideas. They think they know what they mean, but deep down they are pretty fucking clueless. Kinda goes to my point......
Could it be a Fear of Success that is causing this almost Self Sabotage?  Could it be that the people you surround yourself with don't want to see you succeed because they want you to be the same...
Lol, well I mean one coin jumped up 1000% over the last 4 days... Unfortunately I missed out :/
This is coming soon. But first, RFID chips.
FORGET THANK GAP, let's talk about thigh gap.  It's all an illusion! WAKE UP SHEEPLE!!!2!  http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mer6cjSdo91qdhsxp.png
also, this may or may not be relevant to anything in here, but:  silky. silky smooth ;)
I own some Bitcoin  Quite a few million Dogecoin ;)  And a handful of other random coins for speculation.  I'm not just being sensational when I say,  Cryptocurrency is gonna be the most...
ENTP descriptions can sometimes gloss over this, but ENTPs NEED to be in a stimulating environment!  Extraverted Intuition thinks of possibilities and whatnot, but in a much different way than Ni....
This is why I'm all in on Dogecoin.
True, I suppose you can even go more deeper and holistic with it. I guess it depends on how detached you want your Ne to be.  Realistically, after you have 3 parties with the gates of hell and...
I feel like an apple is not the best example.  Apples aren't something I give much thought to. (Now, if I was an apple farmer or a chef, that's a whole different story)  Ne is attracted to...
Please watch this Ne-Dom heavy vid:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1Czsw7OPUI'"


343: 'ENTP wit, punny, antihumor, really bad jokes, dry, britishy, sarcastic
1. talkative or contemplative 2. sociable or solitary 3. outgoing or reserved  4. imaginative, intellectual, gentle, grounded 5. idealistic, curious, pragmatic, sensitive 6. impractical,...
Strong Ni or Ne usually makes for good friend food. INFJs (Fun to talk to, close lady friends in most cases, and the actual lady friend is one) (INTPs ENFPs INFPs Other ENTPs) All in the same...
Chile INFJ Lithuania ESFJ Sun ENFJ Mercury ESTJ Venus INFJ Earth ESTP Mars INTJ Ceres ISFJ Jupiter ENTJ Saturn ESFJ
Hey, nobody's making new character postings. I'll be back later. For that.  No particular order... 1.) Q - Star Trek the Next Generation (Minus the arrogance :P)...
ENTP I LOVE EVERYTHING except... ~the more annoying 90's - post 2k pop ~modern country (Johnny Cash is hot)  FIRST 10 SPOTIFY SONGS IN PLAYLIST VIA SHUFFLE: Judy is a Punk - Ramones Symphony...
Anarcho-Communism... Ideally. Most logical thing is Stark Trek TNG universe, if you know of that world, but some differences in detail which I won't go into. Particularly the manner of rule, but...
Acknowledge the error, usually with a little squeak of a oops or oh. On occaision, a little bit of wit is involved if appropriate.
Hello fellow ENTP's. My being here today is due to the fact that I am probably an oddball. I've never really quite fit in so well in with social nuance, in fact, I seem to be disgusted by it to some...
I find the folks that I end up getting along the best with are INFJ's, in terms of romantic relationships, based on what limited experience I have with the two legitimate relationships I have had so...
1. ENTP (self love doesn't hurt) 2. INFJ (such cuddly) 3. INTP (ENTP partners in crime) 4. ENFP (d'aw) 5. INFP (introverted d'aw) 6. ESFJ (interesting hyper-extroverted people usually) 7. INTJ...
MFW when I realized you are 12.  Bitch.  Oh, but, really, you can't just call the master race lame and expect no feedback, and to that I say, well done, good sir, for you have done well to...
Lol, you derps got it all wrong.  Alls you gots to do is...  1.) Take Iphone Alarm and place at a point in the room where you cannot reach from bed. 2.) Take speakers and set them to max volume...
Needs the kinky. Like at least a 7.5/10 on a sexy-o-meter. Needs the eccentricities. Normal people are pretty boring. Adventureness fits here too. Needs the intelligence. Able to keep up with me...
Most people would say INTP, but I know for certain that ENTP is me. Ne is obviously my dominant function and despite the perceived detachment, I consider myself at the least ambiverted, if not...
AN ODE TO MY DRESS SOCKS: 1. You may wear it on your feet 2. As well as on your hand -- for a puppet 3. You can use to annoy your sister (with that stank) 4. To be frank, it's also used to hide...
Cantos Profanae.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCqUyI9Ir5o
The male-man is here. Also an ENTP. I'm afraid I do not have any letters for you today, Madame Willoughsby. See you tomorrow!
Right this minute, this second, this moment... It would have to be... Debauchery! 'Cause that's what, son.
Well, my cynical Ti told me that I disliked it because it is merely a ploy to make more content and therefore more money by creating multiple movies from one book like that. Reminds me of...
Okay, bring it on! were all the words I could think of in 60 seconds. Not sure if I'm killing myself or some scary ass assassin comes in and rains down the thunder...
Middle Child.  Younger Sis is ISxJ Older Bro is INTJ? (He hasn't taken a test in a while, as far as I know.)
Supporting INTJ:   Leading Introverted iNtuiting Foreseeing implications, transformations, and likely effects   Supporting Extraverted Thinking
_ . . . . . _ . (O_o)/ .  Idk. Did research. I agree. Just use the former  -- Your trifix is 7w8, 8w7, 3w2. -- thing.
Your trifix is 7w8, 8w7, 3w2.  I honestly think I would fit more as 7w6, 5w4, 6w7, but who knows? Also; (sx, so, sp) Use the latter enneagram typings, I'd say.
I too believe I am generally accepted as decent. Early high school was the outcast days, no fun there; lots of depression and stuff, couple kids a hung around or just kept to myself. Then,...
Okay. Let's get this party started. Non-mainstream music only, since you've probably heard most of the popular stuff. :| :| :| :) :) :D ;(  Jazz: Thelonious Monk - Body and Soul Moondog -...
Let's see. Here's the now: Pokemon (X currently) and this Pokemon Battle Simulator: Pokemon Showdown Victoria II House Divided/Heart of Darkness League of Legends  As for Best Games of All...
Give them cookies (from my cookie clicker factory) and hope for the best, IMHO.
I'll give it a whack. Unfortunately, this film isn't as popular as you think it is. :( Forgive me, I saw the film a several months ago, but I don't remember exactsly, but I'm finding scenes on...
Oh god. That huge @55 block of text. Cannot into read, even though I want to.
Welcome to Fight Club, ECH0!... Er, I mean... What?  Make sure you read up on the first rule there... I nearly had forgotten!
Okay, this is probably a bad way of going about it (As my own ideology will shine through in some parts here), but here goes. You can't instantaneously transform a backwater country to a bustling...
Being a Junior in High School in the IB Programme (Better than AP Smart kids if you will), they manage to usually offer enough stimulus to keep me interested, though, if a teacher decides to slack...
If we decided to install a world government today, the means of logistics, communication, and stability would be unrealistic in many parts of the world. Any contemporary world government would be...
I used to consider myself an INTP, just like you, but as I realize more and more, I am simply a shy ENTP that is slowly losing that affinity for shyness.  Anyway, the main differences between ENTP...
INFJ's are cute and awkward as hell.  Excuse the rather long, weird, and complex story condensing -- and the venting. Recently, after a culmination of approximately a year, my crushing came to...
INTP - Okay, so you're cool and all, but I just don't care what you think. I live my own life, you don't tell me what to do. ENTP - Lol, okay, there's nothing wrong with us. At all. (That...
Ben was a kid from the West Side He always let it ride, O the risks he would take Just to take his lady out to the lake But in the end, Ben had nothing more than a flake As he sat alone, without...
That ENTP salary is surprisingly low. It must be either how we are so easy going and stuff or we just are so annoying.
ENTP Here. In general, I consider myself to be very far left and very libertarian. Ever hear of the political compass test? - I score usually around (-9, -9). I consider myself to be somewhere...
Oooh gurl, I'd have to agree with the Avatar universe. Air-bending is the shit.  Also Pokemon universe... Here's my team =D  :   [*=center]xGolduck1 [*=center]xMismagius2 [*=center]xGalvantula3
I altered slightly answers slightly several times due to their slight inaccuracies and contradicting qualities - here are the states that appeared most in order of appearances: California Oregon...
Epilogue:      OP has asked a very large and general question. A question that would takes years, multiple books, and more qualified people than I, to answer ~ something that can't easily be...
So. think I fit most with Secure or Anxiousx96preoccupied attachment. And so the graph, I believe, shows as such. ... But I can't link it due to the derpiness of OP's link.
Your Type ENTP Extravert(11%)  iNtuitive(75%)  Thinking(25%)  Perceiving(56)%   [*=left]You have slight preference of Extraversion over Introversion (11%) [*=left]You have distinctive...
How are you today?  I'm okay, pretty content with my day. Worked (exercise) out, played games, few convos, all good. :kitteh: What are you thinking of right now?  How those convos did not...
Douchebag::dry:  An overbearing, temperamental butt-hole who fails the departments of feels, of other perspectives, and of type 9 enneagram. (Not that you need uber type 9 to be non-douched, but...
I recently hopped on to Youtube today and I discovered the latest pbsideachannel, a channel that examines the connections between pop culture, technology and art, video seen here:  ...
ISFJ: https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/7829707264/h432B4777/ INTP: https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/7823794944/hB0AAC9D3/ INFJ: https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/7835180288/h1E1C36B4/ ESTP:...'"


358: 'I can relate to this to some extend, but I'm quite sure I was more Ti oriented even before I got burned.  Be careful to not fall in the trap of thinking that ENTPs are so awesome and cold and...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30aM0-u7whs
I zone my friendships exactly the same way as OP, but I call hers Zone 2 Zone 2 Tier 2 and hers Grayzone 2-1 Zone 2 Tier 1. I found the coincidence very amusing.
Oh boy, here we go.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urDvpX-CfTw   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOfjkl-3SNE   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DiEBHCSmKg
Suzumiya Haruhi.
Christmas is all fun and party, great food and some time with the family. I think the gift giving is kinda silly, I don't really enjoy it, but I'm not against ot either. It's a children oriented...
You are 5.6% Evil.  You are 17.9% Lawful.   Alignment: True Neutral  I go both ways.
I wanted to be an astrounat, travel throught the space and stuff like that. Then my uncle told me that I would need an aeronautical engineering degree for that and I changed my mind. After that, I...
Fly === Dragon Quest
Penguins, 'cause they are awesome.
Being a highschool level teacher at the age of 19.
Mattress and pillow tester, I'd be paid to sleep! And truth be told, I'm just a great sleeper.  During my waking hours, I'd like to be a RPG designer and/or a novel writer.
A penguin for sure, penguins are awesome!
I just can't function very well during the day, and not at all before noon.  I have serious problems to wake up (theoretically at 6:30) and I just can't fall asleep before midnight.
Not really, I'm more of a listener than a talker, but in some occasions I can get very talkative and won't shut up, but this is fairly rare, usually I'm not in the mood to talk.
http://images.orkut.com/orkut/photos/OgAAAHJqc0KWRxmETeW5SrqZ_SuSQl52nCqoJruhDbl7tq5WbrvQOSgRxXI7VfMozNBau_6Yl3cLh8NF19KtOpXU65MAm1T1UL66GnWRzWQqpZipHEdonBcskfwl.jpg  Old pic is old. Btw, I hate my...
Surrender now, or prepare to fight!
In this setting I would try to make every student participate in the class, challenge their minds, observe how they think and use this information to mold my teaching style and optimize the lecture....
Now that you mention it, it really makes sense.
He's probably into you, sounds very obvious. If you like him as well, you should give him some signs, start subtle, if he doesn't get it go more direct, but is probably best to wait for him to make a...
I thought about time travel a lot when I was younger, the possibilities and implications of it, finally concluding that it's not possible. My laziness is preventing me of elaborating more.  Also,...
In the last seven years I just cried about five times or so and the last time I was really drunk.  I used to cry a lot when I was a child, usually in anger, but now I just can't, even when I'm...
My best friend is an INTP and I have other quite good friends that a re INTPs.
what is this i don't even
Haruhi is most likely an ENTJ with her bossy OBEY behavior.
I am awesome!
Also, an ESFJ mom might be overprotective of her children getting worried all the time not letting her children be free.  It can be hard for her to let go of a child who is moving out o live its own...
We don't have weakness, just some minor assets like procrastination.  It would suck to be perfect, I mean, where is the challenge in that?
I feel that way too, I don't find the idea atractive.    I'm an EN type, but it looks like I'm the only one here who feels that way, probably beacuse I'm almost an IN.
I was on a trip with some friends and we were sleeping at the grandma's of one of the guys, and she had a cat. I don't like cats. Anyway, I was sleeping in the room with an INTP friend of mine and...
All fo them, all the time.
I have a plan that revolves around an army of cockroaches with thumbs carrying laser guns and exploding penguins. It will work.
http://onceuponageek.com/images/sw_religion.jpg Sorry catholics...
My exgirlfriend told me I was the perfect boyfriend and she meaned it. I'm an awesome RPG GM. I have kickass naginata fighting skills. I'm smart as hell.
Is it your opinion that you see your own subforum as only for your own type?  No.  Do you become perturbed by other types posting in your subforum?  No.  ]How many other types do you generally...
All the time, and I always answer thank you.
I'm very good with maps, and have an ok sense of direction, but I still get lost when people don't give me accurate information on the place I'm going, which happens a lot.
College is little bit different here, in the southern hemisphere, you have to choose your major BEFORE you enter college and stick to it, or you can do as I did, drop it and take the entry exams all...'"


364: 'you know what i hate? i hate it when i'm in the middle of beating someone to the ground, and they figure the best way to get out of it is to pretend they never cared in the first place.  hail...
wat  prescription once again. it's hard to trust that an opinion as original insight when the terms of communication are so blatantly ripped from a MBTI archetype description. e.g.,  gaining...
ok. what that ACTUALLY said was that the ENTP approach was less prescriptive from that of the INTP. but you refuse to get it don't you? do you have a monster chip on your shoulder  you're not telling...
do brimming conceptual inputs taste anything like colourless green ideas?  i can tell you haven't understood what i said. try to meet me halfway. conversations can be interesting or boring. an...
this is exactly it.  as an extension to that rude quip i had against Magnificent Bastard: ENTP's are P-dom; our approach to friendship is far less prescriptive than, say, the INTP approach of i...
get it done. i don't care; just get it done. i don't care; just get it done. i don't care; just get it done.  and so be it if it sucks.
you can't be serious.
hard as she tried, alas.
graduating high school gets an automatic EXCELLENT.
uh... i do this with people i'm not even interested in.
build a panic room.
dark room, heating pad and a glass of ice water.
Naked Economics is bone dry
sagittarius for sure.
i think curved roads in straight lines; it gets me nowhere.
agnostic because i don't care.
@OP it makes a lot of sense to me. it's usually S types who bother to describe their crazy dreams. N types will tell me only if i occur in one of their dreams and how, i assume in order to imply it...
you're converting me.
i'm 18 and got a sales position at the MALL. no previous experience. yeah yeah!
it was not only the lack of arrogance, but the lack of humor or tangents or whim, pos or neg, that led me to an INFJ conclusion. an ENTP under the age of like 45 would be offended that people were so...
i think we shine in our keen understanding of reality. INxx space cadets may score better on IQ and math and other useless tests, but trust theory and their own minds more than they trust reality....
i had a 3.4. my senior year was so bad, i brought it down to a 3.3/3.2. i don't even know. i don't care. (it's because i can't write anything longer than a paragraph.) i'm not going to college this...
Heells no!
hell yeah. lemon grass and flintstone birth control here. *inhales*
excellent visual.
i read it fully. thanks for typing it out :) INFJ is another strong possibility. like, if i read it cold, without the possibility of NTP already planted, i'd say definite INFJ. even though your...
no.  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
it'd bother me if someone insisted i was breaking a rule but i wasn't. hey i found another loophole type thing.
devil's advocate energized drained talk about ideas debating small talk ugh. too much MBTI, i'm getting hives.  tell us about yourself, not about the ENTP. all NTs love playing...
ENFJ. they're bright, charismatic, and can pull their own weight.
my theory: those who are militant prescriptive grammar nazis are those who didn't get enough love in high school, and, along with Abercrombie, Christianity, and bermuda shorts, hate grammatical...
how can you assume we don't care? and are you calling people trying to fit in pathetic? everyone's different. and my cousin is mentally disabled, so learn to use a more appropriate term and GROW UP....
i gotta say, none of these bother me at all. i don't get it guys, are you like whatever, i know it'll get me in trouble and/or fired, bring it on. don't be stupid. make sure no one's around when...
really, there's no consequence to deciding whether a stranger is intro or extro, so i guess her theory is practically sound. i mean, whatever, as long as she's amused, right?  have you considered...
at the part where you failed to imply he wasn't female. besides, if he's male then he fuckin deserved it.
right. the dream within a dream premise sounded too simple and boring. i pencilled in plans NOT to see it (lol) until i found out Leo and that Irish guy were in it. afterward i thought i had missed...
that's not nice. what's next, are you gonna tell her that Obama doesn't really care about her?  no, seriously, you were probably doing her a favor.
we should form a club.
Fi is like, whatever I say should be from the heart. Fe is more like, whatever I say should have the desired effect.  as far as tact goes, an Fi trusts himself to be tactful, while Fe trusts...
right! it's not that i'm into astrology, i'm just an egocentric asshole. that's how i got into MBTI after all ;) the similarity between ENTP and gemini is so flush, it's pretty funny.
i do get lazy sometimes. only sometimes though.
wut. no, that's not what i meant. nevermind.
ENTP is unlikely, but i appreciate the comparison.
lol j/k :tongue:
Thinking for sure for sure. ;)
he was a true blue ISFP. i blame mindless self importance on any N prescription. wtf guys. get over yourselves. you'd type a book for christ's sake.
i wanted to be white.
i got a 47. whatever man. i'll take the pills anyway.
every dream is crazy, which is why i'm only interested when someone admits to dreaming normally.  Inception didn't fuck my mind hard enough.
tell them their lack of tact will have negative consequences.'"


377: 'Do you relate more to John Lennon, Bjork, and Thom Yorke (all INFPs) or to Paul McCartney, Bob Dylan, and Eminem (all ISFPs)? Watch interviews on youtube, and the differences should be easy to spot....
What makes you think you use Ti?  And if you used Ni and Ti that would make you either INFJ or ISTP.
Good book. :)
On a serious note, don't choose your future by anything anyone else says. Decide yourself what you want to do and go after that.  And never try to choose a career based on your personality type,...
A Child Called 'It'. Very dull so far.  And a biography about Catherine the Great. She seems ENTP - great character. :)
Probably ESTJ.
I took a professional IQ test a couple of years ago. A friend of mine (probably INTP) really wanted to do it and wanted someone to go with her, so I did.  My result was 134.
Now this is more INTJ. :) It's this kind of thing you missed out in your original post haha.
You didn't see anything Fi related? On a different note, what signs of Ti did you see?  I have no interest in proving anything. And I couldn't even if I did, as the only info we have is what this...
Haha yeah, it appears from reading simplistic articles on the internet that unless you're blind or have had your tongue cut out you can't be an N type. That's bull. Everyone uses all their senses. ...
They're both Ji functions, so yeah.   Ti doesn't promote values. Ti evaluates new ideas by comparing to the truths it already understands, Fi evaluates new ideas based on how much they value them.
TineNite  Have you tried taking the new quiz at PersonalityJunkie dot com? Not only is it short, but it's one of the best on the internet. I think you have to sign up for their newsletter to take...
Ti and Fi are VERY different. The OP is far too subjective to be a TP type. But, as you say, INTJ is possible.
Astronomy
ENTJ possibly. Your post was quite hard to read because it's all in one block for no reason.
It seems to me that Fi is stronger than Te, due to the fact almost the whole post is soaked in Fi-isms like [I] relate their opinion back to my personal value and try to understand that it is only...
I have some ideas about how to fix that. They're not very good ideas, but at least they're ideas!  Adam Savage   Comedy has always worked best when it is mean-spirited.  John Cleese  ...
ENTP is my guess.
I took a quick look through your original post and I don't think you're an NTP type at all. I saw zero Ti in the post haha (far more Fi-Te). My guess would be Fi-dom, possibly INFP.   Typing people...
Editor for a publishing company, marketing films or books, or a prostitute. :D
Extraversion, in typology, isn't about how social a person is. There are many shy ENTPs out there. It's just a question of whether your dominant function is facing inwards or outwards. ENPs are...
I think INTJ works.
I think you're probably ENFP. :)
You sound like an Fi-dom type. Probably ISFP, but INFP is possible too.
Beckii Cruel (XBextahX) Obvious ENFP
It's pointless trying to type a five year old. If the kid still acts the same aged ten, they'd probably be an Ne-dom.
If it doesn't then I have no idea what I've done with my life.
I don't think I've ever been so angry I lost control. I don't get angry very often at all, but I do get frustrated all the time. :)
Yes, I find it easier to think when walking (preferably indoors - outside there are too many weird things to look at).
Whereas we ENTPs are perfectly normal. :D
Haikus are a more reliable way of rating a person's intelligence than IQs.
Thanks. :) Oooh, I see you're an INFJ - that's one of the weird ones!!
INTPs and ENFPs.
Nearly all my beliefs are uncommon; that's what happens when most people in society aren't interested in asking questions. :D But they're all rational - or at least I have a bright searchlight for...
I'm ENTP   I love driving. The faster the car the more fun! However, I have to point out that I only really drive around tracks. I got my first racing license at 14 and have been competing in...
Yo Motherlickers! (Yeah, I'm a Mighty Boosh fan :D )   I've been gobbling up info about Jungian typology for a while now, and find it fascinating. I'm an ENTP, no doubt about that. :D    It...'"


397: 'so, who decides what it bantering and what its taking everything too seriously? i was enjoying myself and if i had taken this seriously i would directly close my account Any way ENTP are known to...
owwwww
http://giphy.com/gifs/tH4ul07xArlvy/html5
NO in general those who enjoy criticizing, humiliating and laughing at others are motivated by: envy, rencor, ire and most importantly: low self-esteem and insecurity
if thats too much enthusiasm for you, man...... dont want to offend but.... thank god im a lesbian
hhahhahahaha OMG!! to post such a comment envy is eating you inside!!! you are here posting on entp thread forum......you make us quite relevant so far
what for? so we see your arse face instead? and well... about the photo, ill let some onions to get rotten and smelly enough to be unbearable to get close and smell so the shock of looking at your...
tortilla de queso
you tell me.... after all you claimed to know what type of entp i was almost immediately ..... oh, wait... you were wrong any way, im getting bored..... not your  witty-self anymore
as calling me Strange Momo indicates yours and you were the one mentioning me out of nowhere in the first place  english not being my mother tongue is a fact not an outcome
none of them Needy Parrot, it could be because English is not my mother tongue.. Im more inclined to think though you understood it perfectly fine but thought mocking my writing to be a sharper...
hahahahahhahahah  Drunk Parrot, my mistake.. i thought if i replied to a certain message it would be quoted automatically as it happens in many other forums... anyway, they are not you....   but it...
hell tell you sooner or later
i have always adopted the difficult dogs/cats at the shelter because i knew nobody wanted to fight harder enough for them.. i befriended the bullied and weird ones cause i thought how awful they...
somebody was affected and thats why i called him out but it turned out all that back and forth become quite funny and i even did the test to see if they were right about what kind of entp...
wow, ... its great knowing another user shares my point of view
what make you think i wanted to change you?!!!! why would a stranger bother to do that?
wrong again.... i gave a fuck about a girl feeling ashamed because of parrots behavior... if you are that mature youll see the difference
im always keep myself healthy even though Ive been there as you say too many times for my liking i dont act at all like @DrunkParrot one thing about young people is you dont understand how...
thats because i gave no fucks at all..... ive always stay at the back when dealing with unfair and reproachable behaviors ... once many years ago i needed to share my feelings and thought a good...
7w6. man, you can imagine how comfortable i feel with myself nowadays... im curious anyway about your reasons to believe that... i know nothing about what it means to be 7w6
but first.... do you get to know who is Momo?
ok!! ill take the test so you know who got the correct answer!!
hey the groupies back!
oh wow are you so proud of yourself to consider obvious im not comfortable with who i am? man I barely consider a 29 year old boy a grown up man and here you are, feeling adult enough to get to...
i havent said that at all but, on the other hand: yes, I'm quite naive taking on account i thought somebody of the forum would have eliminated that absurd necro posting rank
not one, you got not one right!! anyway, well done! you put some words on your posts! yay!
no offense there, look around.... unhealthy personalities all over the place.... meanwhile people needing to talk go unnoticed, but hey.... people dont care about it here eh?
hahahahahah i figured that much, seeing how much effort you put on that and how good youve become at it. Lets push us even further: think youll manage to give a two words answer? cmooonnn, good...
wow hahahahahahhahahah i wast talking about you needing time to solve my internet problems hahahahahahah really????
well.... i thought that maybe doing my best and making fun of other users and spend my time humiliating newbies that dont even know they are being  mocked at, I would be given the vip or super...
thats exactly what im doing
cmon, even you can figure out that was the result of a bad internet connection.... it may took you a few minutes but im sure you figure what was happening given your time..... you clever little boy
omg!!! an uneasy laugh!!!! ....... such a devastatingly elaborated response... You may be right about wanting to be a groupie, seems perfect for you
you have to be a child not to know that in music industry circles they still use that term If this is thrilling for you, you should considering going out a little more ...... just saying
you have to be a child not to know that in music industry circles they still use that term If this is thrilling for you, you should considering going out a little more
you have to be a child not to know that in music industry circles they still use that term If this is thrilling for you, you should considering going out a little more
dramatic music seems so much better the porkys soundtrack. AngryMomo is not a description but a nickname and if you were older enough to accept being mocked as well as mocking somebody else seems to...
ooooooowwwww look at this cute little groupie...
i do apologize, ill make it simple: you acting like a bully adolescent is pissing me off   to answer your question: and you?
but not their cruelty
by she you are talking about me?   QUOTE=Nell;28716817]She wrote, proofed, edited, published and read your book apparently.[/QUOTE]
are you sure you are a ENTP @drunkparrot? you seem to enjoy mocking other users and you try to find new posts and threads where you could find an opportunity to try to humiliate and laugh at whoever...
my goal when meditation is exactly the opposite: quite my brain, heart and innerself and give my body a break, finally not thinking, feeling or analyzing... just letting my body exists freely for a...
1- it depends on my mood and why is engaging in conversation with the stranger happening good day: easily, i smile i begin talking about whatever is happening to cause me and the stranger to share...
yyyyesssss.... i usually watch tv till i fall asleep so i keep my mind busy and relaxed at the same time... usually i am bombarded with images of difficult situations of my past, bad things that...
you are right... i do apologize i was joking and didnt come out right...  oh! one more thing... not really important: im a girl and im a lesbian hahahhaha
im answering kaboomz post
so you are an homophobic now ?
i am a tattoo artist and there is this victoria beckons lookalike gym manager who asks for a tiny flower tattoo on their wrist and brings anesthesia cream with them....that wayne rooney lookalike in...'"


423: 'Tell them they are right.  That will make them think in their head, am I right and probably flip and agree with you. At least that's how I think, because to me it's rare that both sides aren't...
I think of the problem, analyze available resources,  thinks of what's possible, then what's not possible and why.  Then I come up with a solution in my mind the I know will work   Sent from my...
Depends on your definition of both.     Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I'll give you my thoughts on what I have thought on from your post.  Good and evil? Relative. Defining either doesn't make it one way or the other.  Soulmate? My experience to this point in my...
Put yourself out there, ask some females to coffee or lunch. You'll get the hang of it.  Just be yourself and don't try to hard. Your an ENTP, you figure it out fast.  Maybe ask your friends gf to...
My opinion..  Lack of intellectual connection.   When people marry young there is no guarantee that after full development of ones own behavior there will continue to be a shared bond. People's...
D. T. F.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Collaboration on ideas in a mutually understanding way.  Challenge of getting the introvert out of shell.  Candid opinions based on logic.  Emotional similarities.   Nothing sexier than...
It's sounds like you fulfilled his need for intellectual stimulation which if he is also physically attracted for you leads to sexual attraction.  ENTPs tend to engage in risk, for the thrill and...
Nihilistic mystics Apostolic alcoholics Messianic manics Cataclysmic and prolific  In the age of super-boredom Hype and mediocrity Celebrate relentlessness Menace to society
There are so many things that I don't understand There's a world within in me that I cannot explain Many rooms to explore but the doors look the same I am lost I can't even remember my name ...
By professional psychologist only.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
1st born, my parents would say for the most part I was good. Although outside the home, I was always getting in trouble in and out of school. I would always negotiate though to get out of trouble....
He definitely likes you.  Physical affection (outside the bedroom) is not my strong point.  But his actions are saying he likes you, taking an interest, opening door etc.    Sent from my iPhone...
Match? No no no, out do their intensity. :)  Go up to him and ask why he is staring, offer a picture, it will last longer.  Let me have your number, I'll text you a pic  Or   Ask What are...
You wash your hair at least 3 times in the shower because you don't remember washing it 5 minutes ago while in deep thought.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Tequila.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Yes. You can. My thoughts are that we probably feel more than most.  When all of our reasoning, our logic, our reasons are telling us one thing and our hearts are telling us another. Despite the...
My valtrex is wearing off.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I wouldn't say, Extremely, but a little.  To me,  depending on context, I see it as sarcasm.  If not sarcasm, it just gives me more insight to how someone thinks, then take mental note.   Sent...
Ask him questions, challenge his views politely and don't take a a debate personally. Ask for help on a problem you are having.   If he questions you a lot, to the point you feel uncomfortable, set...
What better place for an ENTP to admit they need and ask for help anonymously. Maybe church ?     Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
lol Blunt yup. My response to your response would be...Thanks dick :) (I've learned to use emojis while texting my jokes to those who don't me well, plus it's really speak with inflection let alone...
Put your phone in the glove box while driving so you aren't looking up whatever random thing pops in your head while driving.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I can relate. Can't tell how many times I've helped solve someone else's issue and they want to pay me and I turn down. Truth is I do it because I like the challenge and like helping.   Sent from...
Lol that leads to another question, what does the wrath of an entp look like?  Mine can range from  Machiavellian maneuvers that take months to play out, getting satisfaction watching it all unravel...
You can copy & paste thisBasic Questions: 1) Age or Age Range? >39, <41 2) City, Country and/or Region? California  3) Tell us something about your social life? It's fine when I choose to be...
I was thinking today, I know big surprise, about generosity.  I have always been pretty generous, sometimes to the point that causes brief financial strain.  It's seems the more money, I make the...
Everything and nothing.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Break your time into blocks of 25 mins. Do what you have to do for 25 mins then take a break for 5 minutes.   Keep doing until what needs to be done. Reward yourself.  Go to library, coffee shop,...
Since ENTPs dislike strict rules and the status quo,  I think the military would be a nightmare.   Go to bed at this time, wake up at this time, make your bed this way, wear your clothes this way. ...
I would say ENTP.  Are you confident almost to the point of being arrogant?  Do you constantly get told That's a great idea!?  Is it easy for you to get dates, yet you don't because no one...
Executing Ideas   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I am going through what you are going through right now.  Your post seems to speak of finances quite a lot.  I suspect you don't care about money, more about freedom.  I suggest exploring other...
I think you would save a lot more time asking what aren't ENTPs interested in. But I'll play:)  Anything complex.  Arts Music Changing the world Someone else's problems Personal Growth...
You eat because you have to and not for enjoyment. (Unless you're currently toying with the idea of creating a unique menu fusing multiple culinary styles into one)   Sent from my iPhone using...
I'll get those answers tomorrow. Looking forward to your feedback.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I understand what you are saying, personality types don't define any one person. She is seeing a Dr. and a counselor.  I'm not looking for a clinical diagnosis here, I'll leave that to the Dr.   ...
The pressure isn't from me, it's self imposed and by teachers. In fact I just tell her do your best and that's all that matters.  I am also looking into alternative charter schools that nurture the...
Yes she has been seeing a counselor she was on Prozac but it wasn't helping. Appointment this week to see what else we can try   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
This is my daughters first year of high school and she is having a real hard time socially and academically.  She is shy and wants to be accepted so badly but can't seem to connect with anyone. She...
He's just trying to learn as much as he can about all point of views. It's not that he disagrees, it's that he's thinking out loud and gather info that may lead to another possibility.   Sent from...
Ditto on being humble.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I would question everything. I would take everything part to see how it worked, tvs, game systems,  cars, everything.  I would always surprise adults because I could carry on a conversation with...
People aren't used to such direct communication and honesty and it confuses them.  We also adapt to any social situation and group seamlessly, that also confuses people. I know part of how I adapt is...
I've always felt like I am a freak of nature.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I really like the challenge of getting them to open up and have fun.  It's kinda of a perfect relationship I can usually get them to open up have fun, feel alive, and stimulate their feelings and...
I had to respond to this. I'm ENTP and my daughter is going through this very same thing in high school. It's heartbreaking.  Be yourself, be positive and true friends will come.  Join clubs and...
I can only speak for myself but I would want to understand what was it that upset the other specifically, why other got upset about it, validate their feelings and apologize by letting them know I...
Not important at all.  If my partner makes me happy, they should approve. If they don't, oh well. I'm not looking for a partner to make my family happy. However, it would be a bonus, not a priority.'"


439: 'thank you for your input <3 mwah  i do not think it is bad enough for me to decide to just stay away from him, i fancy him a lot and i know that i should bond with him more before making a decision...
thank you so much for your input! it really helps knowing that you have practiced the religion and at least know where he is coming from a bit  ill type some of his replies word-for-word so maybe...
yes, as i use Ne-Ti very often, it's in my nature to assume every possibility to be true until otherwise proven otherwise  with religion it's not easy to tell, therefore who am i to blatantly say...
the issue is that i do not understand  this happened very suddenly and intensely, and i have no reason as to why besides the fact that religion has an impact on it  but what is going on in his...
thank you very much for your input!  in your case, where you wouldn't discuss it with anyone because it came from God, what would it mean if you decided to discuss it with somebody you felt...
background on our association: http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/848954-male-infj-female-entp.html  with that being said, the boy i am interested in (a devout roman catholic) (we are...
oh yes! seeing as how you an an INTP, i wouldn't be surprised if the ENTP you speak of got comfortable with communicating via Ti from hanging with you  i on the other hand, communicate with extreme...
thank god, i always worry about whether or not i'm being literate or whatever  and yes, i've found that if an INFJ is being vocal about his ideas, the INFJ has put an extreme amount of thought on...
thank you! i am quite fearless when it comes to defying gender roles, i am usually the one who wears the pants in the relationship, but that is very contradicting ;D  all jokes aside, i am rather...
oh man im trying
thank you! and yes i have been very interested in MBTI/psychology in general since the very tender age of 9 years old it has helped me navigate life extremely!  also thank you for that article, it...
thank you, awe!  and yes i will definitely have to check that out, i have been wondering what INFJ-ENTP communication looks like  also, have you had any experiences with ENTPs? if so, was it...
oh yes, thank you for your input!  i forgot to mention that i had been an INFJ-T myself for pretty much my entire life until i hit the age of 17. it was very strange how it happened. for my entire...
hello hello~ girl ENTP (17) here with many questions  i will attempt to be as precise as i can, but these things tend to generally be difficult to explain bear with me, im sure you'll understand ...
That's harsh. We need food and sustenance, too.
Contrary to the belief, I'm not trying to be clever, or manipulative, or cute, even if you think I am. I'm just being honest and speaking my mind.
You have a brilliant mind.
Boring. Your content is tasteless, I don't think this forum is for you.
You get it.
I used to think I had BPD but in the end I just decided it was teenage hormones. I'm still trying to figure myself out, and MBTI is such a fun way to go about it. However, no longer do I portray such...
You're boring.
To each his own. Just because my logic differs from yours doesn't necessarily mean that it's wrong.
Why restrict yourself. It's not impossible. I'm very educated on cognitive functions, and yes, it's quite a weird occurrence to have functions that toggle, but it happens to myself, and I have read...
I apparently worded my post wrong. I meant it in a mutual friendly banter way.  And as for cognitive functions, mine alternate. Hence why I identify as an INxJ.
Man, I must've really worded my post wrong or something. Everyone's taking it the wrong way.  I meant it in a playing around manner, where both people are enjoying it and exercising their Ni. No...
No, I meant the first one. It's all about the collaboration. I should've mentioned that.
I didn't mean it in a condescending way, but rather a flirty and friendly way where both parties understand that it's all in good nature, and a ripple just wants to be created.
It wouldn't be in a harmful way at all.  As for the romance part, it'd only take place when the romance has matured, and both of the people know that it's all in good nature.  (K-on! is also a...
I love this so much.
Perfect sense. That was a beautiful way of explaining it.  I meant in a friendly way, not about fooling them. That'd be just downright awful and unenjoyable for both parties. The way I meant to...
(Soul Eater is a great anime.) That's basically what I was talking about. If it wasn't enjoyable for the other INTJ then it'd be a waste of time and even embarrassing. A lot of sensors try to play...
Perhaps mind game was the wrong word. I meant it a flirty way, or a friendly way. Keeping everything level, and trying to see who would win, if that explains it? Not teasing. Just playing with...
As an INFJ who is 50/50 between her T/F (so, INxJ), I've always wondered how INTJs feel when someone likeminded is playing mind games with them, and perhaps even winning. An Ni attack/war, if you can...
I'll definitely be looking into this!
MBTI is very fun in my opinion. You can get certified to be a psychologist who can professionally type someone using MBTI. I'm not too sure what the process is since I'm currently focusing on the...
No, but you can take classes that have to do with MBTI and Jungian psychology. Don't take things too far out of context.
This was very, very well written, thank you so much for sharing it here!  It's true that it all depends on how long you've known each other, but sometimes if the bond was so strong, time is only...
Oh my.  Thank you for your input, although our situations are different. Both of us were loyal to one another, and another person never entered the picture.  Since you wouldn't date anyone you...
I see a lot of INFJ factors in myself, and I know that whatever changes may come, I'll always be just that at heart. But my results have definitely been changing, as has my mindset....
I'm very glad you have recovered, and thank you very much for your input!  Our situations are quite similar, so it helps to see things from that similar perspective. If she is truly an INFJ, you...
Thank you for your input! I have apologized to him multiple times, but I think the downfall of that was that it was completely emotion-based, and that repelled him. I used to always forget to keep...
This is a very interesting perspective.. Thank you for sharing.  INTPs do indeed have moods and emotions (the myth that INTPs are emotionless androids is absolutely absurd)  I think that he...
This is true. I think I will reach out to him when the chance arrives. Him and I both go to local shows, and we share the same friend group so we're bound to see each other every so often during...
I am very educated on cognitive functions and Myers-Briggs psychology, as I plan to major in college for these subjects. MBTI is fun for me, and it grants me closure which I enjoy. Although I do know...
I know, I know, tests can only tell you so much, especially if they're administered online rather than by a professional, but I personally am very involved with MBTI. (I plan to go to college to...
I cannot express how well this was written. Bravo!! Thank you very much for your input!  The fact that you put it into What to do and What not to do is very helpful. He's a very antisocial INTP...
I am indeed an INFJ. Allow me to clarify. I know that due to my Ni dominance that an unhealthy aspect of it can be seeing too far between the lines and coming up with a bunch of crazy conclusions...
Lately I've been more in tune with logic due to a sudden fascination and comfort with it, so it definitely can be overboard. Non-taken.  Thank you for the ideas, and it's true that any form of...
What a painful topic. Bear with me. *ahem*       As an INFJ who is currently going through a personality change to INFJ > INTJ > INTP, and who's also had a female INTP as her best friend for the...
I really love ENTPs for their Ne on steroids deal. It's just entertaining. Disconnected thoughts are humorous to me, especially the ones that you explained about the ENTP that you know that wanted...'"


452: 'Since we're well known as the cause of ambivalence in the world, there's no way to pin a like, or dislike in that way.  So, the way I see myself is this, first I cause contradictory feelings in...
From my personal experience and two years spent in close to total isolation suffering from depression.  I was once a young (younger) lad who was trying to become, to actualize and to enlighten...
It's not isolation itself that's scary, it's the deep cutting self-loathing thoughts of something being wrong with you takes all the joy out of it. The breakdown is simple, when in isolation you are...
Having suffered from depression for a fairly prolonged time, while refusing any form of medication, the best way I found of dealing with it is by focusing outward. Get control of your attention and...
I think that for every weakness that you've noticed in someone there's a strength that you've discarded. It's easy to declare majority as lacking intelligence, doubly so if you are an ENTP, but the...
Yup, can relate to this. Further more, eventually people stop laughing at your jokes as well, because in order to please your own insatiable taste for subtlety you've been adding layers of...
Meh, being dumb is sort of easy, just use vocabulary and level of your partner, but you don't want to do that, do you sport? :laughing:  On one hand we're incredible in adjusting to the social...
I am pretty sure I could maintain a long lasting obsession with a person under one condition, I must never come in close contact with them :laughing:. Waaay too many experiences where I'd be...
Just give him positive reinforcement by showing him that you sincerely value the fact that he goes out of the character to do something to please you, shouldn't be that hard to do. Pretty sure any...
You say crazy and I say unorthodox, imaginative and adventurous :laughing:
I too am astounded by the power of her observation and by the subtle compliment, alas more suitable for the ENTPs, since Don Quixote is a memorandum of an ENTP in classic literature :wink:
I am with people sharing opinion that enneagrams change way to often and I am not talking integration/disintegration wings.
I personally find it extremely adorable that all types other than your own and INTJ look bad. Kudos.
entpreter,    Count me in. A lady friend of mine asked me what my standards for dating were. I don't really have them, in addition I have my own standards of beauty, at times I just see a beauty in...
This post is not as much of a question as it is a personal story I wanted to share with fellow ENTPs. Most of us spend a lot of the time seeking to compensate for the lack of the development of Fi,...
We manage just fine, thanks for asking :wink:  Every day I fight off the expectations that people try to lay upon me. Gives me more room to breathe. Generally speaking I am trying my best not to...
How I envision my participation in this thread:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKzM8xsQ5-U  What's my part in this? I am the girl who tries the hardest not to watch what's happening around...
My best friend is an INTJ, we've been best friends forever. Now if I could only make a compelling argument for dragging him to the Personality Cafe... :laughing:
Yes a ton, but seeing how you are such a great guy I'll share one with you. Now hold your breath... It's a skateboard that hovers in the air! Now go develop it, don't forget to send me one once it's...
Vaan,    Sir, you've made some excellent points. My hat is off.
Vaan,    In theory I like the stance that you're making, but only in theory. It's too idealistic. What you're suggesting implies a totally impartial observer, as any real-world scenario would...
Masturbating while bored is sorta fun, I guess.    Too honest?
ENTPs  We often talk fast and think even faster Cheerful and optimistic Scattered in the areas of our interest Everything is experiment. If you're talking to an ENTP, they are experimenting on...
You are mistaken. We're inherently better at understanding emotions of others and displaying emotions through our Fe. INTJs are better at actually feeling the emotion through their Fi, though often...
I summon an angry INTJ to argue you into thinking otherwise :laughing:.
I've seen a vote outside of PC with thousands of participants. It was something along the lines of Would you change your type, if so, what type would you change it to?. Would not change won the...
It's a very common mistake for ENTPs to make. Take a look at this:  Best ENTP Guide Ever
Deistic. Find organized religion to be largely counter-productive to the spiritual and moral advancement of society. Do not refute possibility of Jesus being an actual person, refuse to believe any...
A simple yeah?, pronounced with the right intonation of condescending questioning can make a person doubt their very own existence and run for the hills.
Precisely how I found out about Escher :wink: Great book, can't be stressed enough.
Someone who's very gentle, I look tough on the outside, but next to me has to be a person who I am comfortable showing the gentle side of myself. At the same time she has to be willing to smack me on...
Surprised no one roped Escher in this thread :laughing:  http://media.cleveland.com/plain-dealer/photo/9245219-standard.jpg
Sorry to intrude on an INTJ forum, but this is just such an excellent question. I use eye contact on the daily basis to get a quick grasp on what the person is feeling and most importantly to get a...
It's interesting that many of you say that you feel things infrequently. I believe (here I am judging all of you based on my personal experience) that this is not the case. It's impossible not to...
Most of the ENTPs are types 3 and 7. Haven't met any 9s yet, though 9s seem to be common among INFJs
Puzzled and struggling to understand how this is an Nu uuhhhh! :laughing:  I am not saying that a close enough of a relationship with a deep level of sharing is not possible, I certainly had a...
Yes, it does, although, the point of the therapy is to help you become a healthier individual, not to fuel your narcissistic patterns, or to inflate your ego :laughing:
My mom is an INFJ, we had a lot of problems growing up, but once I've matured we've established a very good relationship. I love asking her for an advice in regards to the matters of soul, even...
I work in a Computer Science field without having formal education, but I'd love to go to a good school, just never really had an opportunity, nonetheless, you work with what you have :wink:
http://i42.tinypic.com/2qnruco.jpg
Fair enough, no offense meant by it, was trying to make a joke but it turned out to be not quite as funny as I would've hoped :laughing:
Xee, also, if you are after developing functions, something that I've learned from the theater and helped me with almost every single function, especially the Se. The exercise is pretty simple. You...
Doing theatrical acting for the Fe Fi, it's great.
... but you were :wink: I think all of us are pretty stupid in comparison to the older versions of us :laughing:
People around me often say that I always keep my own brainwave length. Some are frustrated by it, others like it. I am seen as willful, but not forceful, often asked for an advice. Seen as someone...
Quit smoking - Done Start running in the mornings - Still working on this one, it appears I undervalued my desire to stay in the warmth of a blanket in the mornings.
I love singing and I love women, naturally meeting a combination of the two puts me in a great mood.  Cuteness overload   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-siVlyC1io&feature=related  This song...
Yes. I am going to vent here. I am so fucking emotional!  You appreciate us when we talk to you one on one, when you get a chance to tell us everything that's on your mind, without all the blame....
Let the dick measuring contest begin! :laughing:
A handicapped motivational speaker?  You are not making a strong case for tangibility of words here :wink:'"


458: 'Ditto^  I at least want a chance at a life/career before having kids effectively destroys both of those options.
10 ENTP Never diagnosed, though my mom sometimes seems absolutely certain that I have autism/aspergers.
Spiders. That one's pretty self-explanatory.   The dark. Though I'm not as scared of it ever since I got glasses (so it's probably just that I don't like not being able to see things.)  Open/deep...
I art pretty frequently, but I craft a lot more often. I actually knit and sew quite a bit, which isn't really art but whatever.
Sometimes I have insomnia, but I feel like my real problem is that I just don't make myself go to bed. I have the freaking worst discipline when it comes to enforcing my bedtime. Seriously, last...
I had something like that for most of last year when I worked as a nanny for three kids (ages 7yo, 4yo, and a newborn) from 7:30am-6pm, five days a week, and went to community college at night.  My...
You look even prettier awake.
What's your opinion on fisting?
You're gonna love my mom!
On the first date: I'm in love with you.
I've never personally had this problem, but I've seen it happen a lot in pretty much every Physics class I've taken. People look at a complicated equation and assume that the concept behind it has to...
So I take it you're not one for self-stimulation?
I very quickly realized that, more often than not, the consequences of disobedience greatly outweigh the benefits of not following a stupid rule. (Ei- getting a $400 speeding ticket for driving 80mph...
My mistake, I definitely should've known that
Are you saying that you CAN'T gracefully get down from a stripper pole while simultaneously balancing shot glasses on your belly? Because I always thought that was one of the easier aspects of pole...
Sloppy dancing is the only kind of dancing you'll get from me!
How much participation is expected at this party? I'm feeling particularly lazy and don't really feel like putting in any effort whatsoever.
I was pretty disrespectful when I was younger, but it was in a lot of little ways that began to add up over time. I questioned everyone, which labeled me pretty quickly as an annoying kid. (I just...
There are plenty of very good reasons to not have children, but this is not one of them. Speaking as someone who has babysat/nannied over a dozen different kids from different families:  A child's...
Yeah, but I'm not really aiming to offend people when I lie (sometimes it's actually the opposite.) I'll lie for a million different reasons, but my biggest one is that I'll lie to control how people...
How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?   None.
I'm surprised that no one's brought up ENTPs yet! I thought that we were notorious for lying and being manipulative?
Unfortunately I'm not an ENTJ, but I do have a few coping mechanisms for ADHD in general.   - Make a schedule for yourself and STICK TO IT. People with ADHD work infinitely better on a schedule. ...
Wanking. Cold/warm showers are supposedly better for your skin anyway.
I've been collecting empty paper towel and toilet paper rolls for a few weeks now so I can make a giant marble track that runs along the walls and ceiling in my room. It's been a lot more work than I...
A large majority of my family is made up of SFs, so I have quite a bit of experience in this area.   There's a lot of small talk. Seriously, everyone wants to talk about their day, which is fine....
For your consideration:   https://36.media.tumblr.com/83cf8dc27feedc8975acb0ee59210f6f/tumblr_nz7gbc4MSG1uc5vfno1_540.png
Ditto, high school was a living nightmare.   Look into a bunch of different things and try to see what you like. You never know where you'll find your purpose, and oftentimes it's a lot more subtle...
Concise, analytical, and observant. Definitely an INTJ kind of post.
^^^All of this.   I have the same issue with things being under other things, it's like I forget that they even exist. Also if I actually put something away in its designated spot, where it is...
I generally test as Neutral Good, but I could see myself being Chaotic Good. I really don't care about the law at all, but I do follow it more often than not because I feel like I'd get caught pretty...
That's definitely an interesting theory. I could see valid reasons for any of the eight functions evolving, but especially the four you listed. I'd also love to see what other people have to say on...
Top Half:  Complexity: 92 Assertiveness: 92 Intellect: 88 Imagination: 88 Distrust: 83 Gregariousness: 83 Emotional Stability: 75 Friendliness: 71
Just try to trust yourself more. Approval from others is nice, but ultimately it won't tell you if what you're doing is right or wrong. Other people are very capable of being wrong, and they do it...
I sometimes bite my fingernails, but I doubt if it's type related. I've always preferred to have my fingernails fairly short (I did piano and gymnastics for a looooong time, so that definitely...
In my personal experience, I don't really ever become depressed/angry when under extreme stress. In fact, I actually perform significantly better if I feel like I'm placed under real pressure. I'm...
Yeah, I'd say that's a pretty crucial factor
Oh my god, earlier today I slipped in the freaking shower and almost killed myself. Fortunately I didn't completely slam myself into the floor, but that's mostly just because I hit the wall first....
(In my interpretation) a Truth is something that is completely and undeniably true, mostly likely to a scientific/mathematical extent. Truths are so true that we understand very little of them...
I don't care about controlling people, but I would like to have control over myself. Unfortunately, this usually only happens if you're in a position of power, so I might have to climb the ladder a...
I'd actually like to know this too. From what I've heard, most ENTPs seem to be at least a little bit darker in their head. It probably has to do with the fact that we're terrible with...
Have any ENTPs here tried therapy? If so, what did you think? Did you find it at all helpful, or was it just a waste of money?  I've personally been entertaining the thought of therapy for years...
That's (kind of) what I was saying! There's only going to be one coinciding point between the map and the US because the scale is so off that no other points would even come close to matching up at...
29/36  I would've scored higher, but I second guessed myself a few times. Also, I found that it was easier if I thought about it less and just picked the first thing that popped into my head.
ISTP? Maybe?  1. I absolutely love science, especially physics.  I'm crap at memorizing equations and constants, but I'm great at  understanding concepts so it evens out in the end.   2. I'm a ...
I doubt there's any significant correlation between MBTI type and sexual preference, especially considering that both are most likely due to nature, not nurture (You can't really change your...
Johnny English  Ohhhhhhmygod. Okay.   Like I said on my first post, the map of the US will display its own location. The US contains the map, and the map contains itself, and that will go on...
Carpets are dangerous things... 0_0
Haldir  I really did love gymnastics, even though it pretty much sucked up my entire life from 11-17 years old. I've been thinking about possibly rejoining it at some point, but I definitely...
I drink exclusively using my feet. That way I don't have to waste a perfectly good hand on something as mundane as holding a cup.'"


473: 'I am on the borderline of introvertedness and extrovertedness, but my function orderings are more in line with that of ENTP. When I was younger and still very much in my shell I would have...
Try breaking your gender role and make the first move. He may recoil in fear at the thought of intimacy but its more likely he will be flattered (ENTPs love an ego stroking) and maybe he is just shy...
You sound like a hipster. A nerdy hipster.
Yea, I'm into the petite girls that it doesn't scare the living crap out of. It's sexy.  Edit: I'm a 6'5 230lb man actually, and I inadvertently intimidate a lot of people. But I'm a fucking teddy...
~275 fatass at my heaviest. About ~225 and pretty cut-up now, with a little pudge on the belly. 6'5 I think losing weight and gaining confidence led to personality changes to the point that I now...
I'm not into the whole lowered eyes/averted glance/playing coy thing. Return my full on stare and gaze into my eyes and this is about to go down.
I think what we're having here is a failure to communicate. Human beings have emotions, cognitions and behaviors, but for whatever reasons, predispositions, environmental conditions etc. some of us...
Dopamine is pretty fucking great isn't it? I don't think long term adderall use is a good idea because of eventual dopamine down regulation and heightened risk of hypertensive crisis but it can...
Raised a Christian, became an atheist around 15. Ardent anti-theist and frequent blasphemer, I would probably be a lot more popular if I could possibly keep my mouth shut on the subject.
I can't say my inner-dialogue mirrors that in any way. But it can definitely be pretty cruel particularly to myself but pretty frequently with those I'm close to as well. What helps me is to put that...
As an ENTP do you remember having an awkward period in your life, where you weren't the easy-going social butterfly you are now?   As a teenager I was a bit fat, highly intelligent but frequently...
Unfortunately my casual flirting is far more advanced than my seductive flirting. I get a self-esteem boost out of getting girls to flirt with me, but most of the time it's just about having fun....
I flirt up a storm because it makes me comfortable and at least seems to make girls feel more comfortable around me. The problem is I flirt so indiscriminately and with such little follow through...
Green, Orange, Blue, Gold
I used to sit figure-four frequently but consciously made myself adopt a masculine wide-legged stance at all times. I'm 6'5 and it works better for me anyway. I don't make too much of a habit of...
Knowing that you are taken is probably a reason why he is so comfortable flirting with you. I have find myself behaving in this rather immoral fashion, but its not as much about trying to cuckold a...
I'm 20 year old college student and live in a clique-rich environment. I feel that I am able to partially integrate myself into almost any social situation, but I have yet to feel like I truly belong...
I am pretty consistently sorted into Ravenclaw, including by Pottermore. I don't think broad conclusions can be drawn but I like to think of Ravenclaw as NT, Hufflepuff as SF, Slytherin as ST, and...
Would it be unfair to say the houses roughly correspond to temperaments   Ravenclaw (NT) Gryffindor (NF) Hufflepuff (SF) Slytherin (ST)  Or...  Ravenclaw (Melancholic)
It seems to me like the xNFP-xNTP combo has the potential to be a mutually beneficial relationship if communication barriers can be overcome. Both appear to have a fear of rocking the boat, and may...
Yea, this is something he has to overcome. It seems like you made yourself abundantly clear.
I can't speak for all INTPs, but as a guy who is pretty much in the converse of your situation (I'd type her as an INFP) I would say that it is likely due to sexual inexperience and difficulty with...
The only disagreement I have with this is that the Buddhist doesn't truly believe that this moment is real. Temporality is an illusion. Granted, this realization really enables one to live every...
Honestly I am fairly distrustful of people who compliment my appearance. But I love being told how smart, insightful, valuable my contributions to conversation are. I have pretty weak Fe that...
Strong 4. Used to be 5 and 8. But since becoming more like 1, My eccentricity and nonchalance are apparently endearing so treated like a 9... Which is less important now than it would have been when...
I use to be a prolific gamer in my not so distant teenage years, but have hardly touched a joystick in the last couple. That being said my favorite games were RPGs like The Elder Scrolls, Fallout,...
I can be cold and confrontational with most men, but I have a soft spot in my heart for women.
I am for a society based on voluntary exchange. The state is by nature a compulsive entity. The function of government is to protect people from fraud and from violence, not to perpetrate it....
6-5-2-7-3-8-9-1-4
x01660  I used to think pretty much the exact same way, but I've found that working out is great thinking or music time. And if you have somewhere or someone to vent to in a way you're comfortable...
Was a pretty serious gamer/geek in my youth but have grown out of it for the most part. I picked up Skyrim and ME3 this year but I hardly played either. As for porn, I binge then abstain. I'll go for...
Walking is a great time for introspection, and its more positive when I'm active and on the move than it is on the couch. If I pass someone I just smile at them if I have my mp3 player in or just say...
INTP, Ravenclaw. Big Harry Potter fan and always identified with the house.
6w5 9v1 2v3  Type 6: Rigidity in diet causes nutritional imbalances (I don't like  vegetables.) Working excessively. Caffeine and amphetamines for  stamina, but also alcohol and depressants to...
Hello everyone. I'm relatively new to MBTI and enneagram but I am interested in their use as a framework to help better understand people, which admittedly has been an issue for me throughout my...'"


499: 'Well when you figure out where to begin, please do. I remain unconvinced. I don't mind if you go on and on.    His sensing could very well be introverted but there's no way in hell it's his...
There's not an SJ bone in that man's body. Where's the Si? Where's the Fe? He's some sort of xxFP.
What the fuck did I just read?
Are you saying INFPs can't be attractive? You're horrible!
Seems more INFJ to me.
Oh, okay. Thanks for clearing everything up. I'll just trust you.
He's INTP because ENTPs don't have small penises.    Nah but I'm seriously doubting he's an extrovert. He's just a loud and obnoxious asshole. He doesn't seem like the kind of person who would be...
ESFP 3w2
Tai - ESTP Matt - INFJ Sora - ESFJ Izzy - INTP Joe - ISFJ Mimi - ESFP Kari - INFP TK - ENFJ  Davis - ESFP
He took the test and got ENFJ.
He tested as ENFJ.  you should take the myers briggs personality test and post your results | ask.fm/theneedledrop
Confirmed ENFJ.  you should take the myers briggs personality test and post your results | ask.fm/theneedledrop
Entp 5
They're all xSFPs.
ENTJ 8w7. I see no Si in him whatsoever, but a good amount of Se. Te-dom is obvious.
The part where the documentary shows Foley getting thrown off the cell and has current superstars talking about where they were when they saw it gives me chills. Foley is the fucking man.
Such an interesting man. I'm going with ENFP but I'm not sure about the enneagram. I can see a lot of 7 in him when I look at the choices he's made during his career but 6 makes sense too. 7w6 or 6w7...
Thanks for the heads up. I've never actually known a confirmed 2w1 so I probably have a skewed idea of what they're like. His television character is probably 2w1 though based off what you said.
ESFJ 2w1
I agree with 3w2 for his enneagram. Not sure about MBTI.
Not nearly enough information but it sounds like:  A- ENTP B- ISTJ C- ESFP
A closed minded ENFP? That's not something you come across every day.
Chris Jericho the character: ENTP Chris Jericho the man: ESTP
Sounds about right, yeah.    INTJ 8w9    ISFP 4w3
Very liberal. I doubt there are many conservative INFPs.
INTPs do not have Se. They have the same perceiving functions we do. Ne/Si.
Seems highly unlikely. How would you have developed all of those functions in such a short time?
Thankfully I've evaded all evil mastermind overlords so far in this lifetime.
The INTJ self-congratulatory I'm an evil mastermind stuff is quite funny. Not all of you do it and some of you are only joking about it, but when an INTJ says stuff like this and is serious about...
Fair enough. It was just that ISFJ was never a type I had considered for him and I noticed it's your type as well so something felt off about it to me. I see a lot of projecting happening when people...
You're clearly projecting your own type onto him because you're a fan and maybe in some way relate to the character.
Robin - ENTJ, seems introverted but is definitely a Te-dom Starfire - ENFP Raven - INFJ Cyborg - ISTP Beast Boy - ESFP Terra - ESTP
What type are you?
Nah. I'd elaborate but it was nothing more than a guess. It wasn't an actual typing because I don't think you can accurately type people based off of appearance. You just look like an INFJ I used to...
infj
That's ridiculous. You can't strip away several of his defining personality traits and chalk them up to narcissism so he fits your typing. If you can do that, then I could probably find a way to type...
I like your site quite a bit and check it every now and then but there are a few huge mistypings on there. The one that bugs me the most is your mistyping of Kanye West as an ISFJ because I am...
I suppose I was raised a Christian. I was always told that there's a God and my mother followed the Christian bible and all of that but I was never an active church goer and religion never really had...
I engulf my food.'"


504: The site I'm looking for has seem to have been shut down. I'll check later on to see if it's temporarily down.
As you can see in my signature, my Te is actually rather high, and while my Se is lower in comparison, it's still quite a bit.  I'm curious about this as in some certain situations, I have the ESTP...
3w2/7w6/8w7  I can seem rather aggressive at points. For more reserved groups, they often become intimidated and it can be awkward.
384978 Asian Jokes.
Question just about anything you read online.  What IS accurate perception? What may be deemed accurate for some individuals are fallacies for another group.
ESTPs seem to be disliked due to the online nonsense said about them.  Let's be honest here. It comes down to the individuals. The ESTPs I know (I'm borderline on N/S, so I can be similar) are...
I am invincible, and I believe I can solve things simply with the most powerful forms of logic.
Generalized view: Fi is subjective, where as Fe is objective.  Here's when the issue arrives: When either one users of the functions is unhealthy, and God forbid both be unhealthy.  As a Ne...
Nothing is really forced. It more or less naturally happens.  I'm only getting as involved as needed or when I can intuit good times.
She stated that I'm possibly one of the closest people to her. A dangerous proposition in itself. Someone she is afraid of losing due to the fact I am willing to talk about many potentially deep and...
I'm basically doing what I normally enjoy doing and extra. I'm not simply sacrificing my own lifestyle just for caught up emotions.
I will have to give her time.  I can easily tell she's hesitant due to the fact we have shared so much and if something bad were to happen, just about everything would be gone in the worst possible...
INFJ vs. INFP | Stellar Maze  VERY generalized, so be careful when you are trying to attribute yourself to the article.
How should I begin?   I have known this young woman for a while. While I did have feelings for her for a while, they have never been this strong until of late. However, I found out later she is...
Can't speak for all ENTPs here, but I personal can tease fairly harshly if I consider the person as a good friend. It's important to state how you feel about the situation and be serious about it....
From my observations:  SO-lasts are usually polarized introverts. There are some exceptions. One I know has at most three friends he wants to talk to, including me. However, he doesn't even really...
It's tough in this world. What I had to personally do was make sure the person I am with is comfortable, then I was willing to release the lovely SX energy. In a comfortable state, the person finds...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPj4feHiTkk  Translation: Where is this warmth going?  When it's tomorrow, it'll vanish  If our heart beats are united  Will I be able to fall to the same depth...
Sometimes I'm crushed by my sadness, fueled by the desire of wanting more, but even when I try, the results I aim for end up never manifesting. Even primarily as a thinker, I'm still a human, and...
I've been called asshole on more occasions than I'm proud of. To be honest, some of it I had it coming, but other times, I'm not sure why I was called that (excluding jokes, of course. Those I know).
I will often forgive a person because I know I'm a person as well and they also forgive me of my mistakes.  However, I will not tolerate multiple attempts of blatant disrespect toward myself or...
INFJs are interesting in their own rights with their thoughtfulness leading into more creative interests. However, that should not mean they are better than most people. They are a much more...
Dear INFJs,  Okay, okay, ENTPs can be jerks sometimes, but we only do it in jest. Seriously. We love our deep talks, crazy ideas (raunchiness included), and our intuitive understanding of each...
What intuitive lack?  A sense of what sense actually is sometimes.
None of us have to convince you of anything. In fact, what may seem genius to some people is horse-hockey for another set of people.
Mom: ESFJ Dad: INXJ  I have no idea how both are able to stay out of each other's hair, but somehow, it's possible.
3w2, 7w6, 8w7  sx/so/sp
Love is when both parties are willing confide, trust, and respect to one another.
We mess around with you NF users because we seem to be intrigued with your preference of Fi/Fe. It's probably because most NTs are disconnected from their emotions or do not value them as much, and...
I've had to deal with this for a while with a handful of INFJ friends. Most of them have isolated themselves for days or even weeks at a time away from everyone they know. It was confusing at first,...
Confession:  I have a tendency to become a bit like a feeling-esque type when there is something that personally affects me sentimentally. I turn into this INFP-ENTP hybrid of some sort that I...
Ignorant people are the most difficult to deal with. Then again, we are all ignorant is some way or another.
Hi, beautiful people.
Authorities can say whatever and whenever. Think for yourself, and you'll realize that they are potentially great things opposite of what an authority says.
They often over-exaggerate how bad the drugs are and often show worst case scenarios. Honestly, some of the drugs are natural, and have their own medicinal properties. The reason why drugs have such...
I have a feeling my flirting in general is well received, but I do have a feeling I will have to do a direct approach for an INFJ I like. Should I just directly tell her I like her?
http://i1196.photobucket.com/albums/aa410/SotoTaka/IMG_0294_zpsympwlvjh.jpg  I draw humans. Anime'd humans.  I'm interested to see what you have drawn.
Welcome to the self-discovery asylum. How should we help you today and for the years to come?  Seriously though, welcome and enjoy your stay!  And drawing. Did you say drawing? You have earned...
It's the curse of us thinking as soon as one thing goes wrong and we cannot adapt to it, we often question the stance of the relationship, especially if the SO is either unwilling to listen or...
My love for eye contact, actually conversing with people, and teasing has gotten me into some binds every once in a while. It's not the ENTP's fault for being this way, we just love what we do.
One of my friends was constantly complaining about how he was constantly failing tests in my class. I told him the less he complained, the more time he would have to study. Then, he told me how much...
http://i1196.photobucket.com/albums/aa410/SotoTaka/IMG_0294_zpsympwlvjh.jpg  ENTP impatience is a curse for tight lines.
http://i1196.photobucket.com/albums/aa410/SotoTaka/IMG_0294_zpsympwlvjh.jpg  Because my scanner is broken, phone is the next best option.
Winning an argument requires some calm composure. If emotions start to heavily affect what is being said, any sort of rationality can go out the window. I have to listen to what they are saying, and...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfYBdcdLjXU
Cawcawcawcawcawcawcawcaw.
In a way, it would possibly mean we would find our types much more easily, so there would be more people to connect with.  However, that would also mean a more blended society, so individually...
ENTP: How I am like my stereotype: -Always seek for new opportunities to learn something. -Debates. -Use logic to influence my actions. -Witty -Love people around people I can have a good...
Giving
My change was a few months ago. I found it odd how I was engaged with people and gained energy from them. Being introverted by habit did cause me to become very repressed as a person overall, leading..."


538: 'Game Theorist, Numberphile, singingbanana and mynutephysics. And Honest Trailers (or the channel that posts them)
Long term revenge isn't a motivator, but anger can be.  I don't remember exactly the argument of  BH6 (I only remember that the film was awesome until they make a superhero group, and Hiro)  I...
If you haven't created your (his) masterplan yet, I think it should be a brilliant single idea rather than a complex, I-do-this-he-does-this thing. And if it is, he shouldn't plan EVERYTHING, but a...
I think he means serious, that the thread isn't about an evil plan to exterminate sensors.   And probably technology, computers and all that jazz will become sensorized sooner or later to make...
The only thing you proved by this is that absolutely ALL ENTPs are typist morons
I had this two days ago. I remember being very lost in thought for an hour, to finally talk to myself about this. It was something like this: Okey, this thing [a private thing that caused the...
At my high school level, no. I like when the teacher gives us something without any explanation (and even with mistakes) and figuring it out by myself to understand it.  Or solving problems I create...
I'll just assume that all the votes for ENTPs were given by ENTPs
I think it's the most accurate test I've ever done.
I can't do the 2nd page It says  Internal Server Error  The server encountered an internal error or misconfiguration and was unable to complete your request.  Please contact the server...
Hola buenas Yo espaniolo tambien ser De madrid, cocretamente 235738
What? Just 35%!?  Okey, okey, I should'nt be offended. After all, you're just an INTJ  HE SAID HUG!!!! HE SAID IT!! IN THE NT SUBFORUM!!!  OK, seriously now (I've only typed a few people, so I...
Yeah, I thought that Ne-dom and Si-inf meant the same, but now you point it...
This is just my opinion, but I think that Si-inferiors, when depressed, feel like too weird/different, or Freak (based only in a few Ne-doms)  Si-inf also have a hard time  focusing or ...
Obviously me. (I mean, my type, because we have me)
So, I've met a lot of people who are difficult to type because of this:  they completely ignore details (Not S=N) but aren't intuitives at all (=S)  They don't care at all about others or harmony...
Disclaimer: this thread is over-simplified, and created on a theorical level based in INTP/ENTP. I lack knowledge of a lot of types, so I don't think it's correct. Don't doubt on telling mistakes. ...
My friend just lose his left side in an accident. _And he died? _No, he's all right.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPY4yOmNw7w I am between the mimic and the all nostrils
I don't really like games (unless when I become addicted for a month or so) But I like Pokemon, Layton (Awesome story+puzzles!), tetris, and casual games. I have only played 2 RPGs: Pokemon and DQ...
THIS PLAN IS NOT OF MY OWN  1: become sweeper 2: clean the stairs of the WHite House with loats of soap, and do a pustch. People will run out, slip, and breack their necks. I own the white house....
OUtburst, sorry.
Yes, I know I am a teenager, and that probably was important. And I know that that was really me. But my point is that there is a book called was that really me about the mbti and anger, and lots...
Imagine a medieval bridge I live under it
No, it's the opposite! look at this What happen if INTP gets angry? Or just type angry Intp or similar in google  The basis of my post was the Why you don't like it and the Was that really me
Even at my age, rage changes a lot between different types: passive-agressive, destruction, crying in a friend's shoulder, depression...
Don Quixote, Thus spoke Zaratustra and Barnett &Cia   (And I have a lot of non-finished books)
My last INTP thougt was about the Grandpa paradox.      Why do you end your posts with Lord of the dark snark? What does it mean?
I don't think it would work at all. Not for me, at least.
Am I the only one who panics when he has an appointment, meet with someone... But only if I know it in advance?
ENTP. And then I'd work on my Ti and Si to become an INTP again
Nobody flirts with you.  Based on personal experience162890
A character from a book. the first thing I thought.  I want to change it. Any ideas?
De donde eres?   Translation for non-spanish-speakers: WHere are you from?
Google would be an ENTP: It shows millions of results (Ne) and uses key words (Ti)
No, but it made me remember a joke  A scientist trains a spider to come to his voice he says Come, spidey and the spider comes. He then cuts it two legs  Come, spidey and the spider comes....
nop  Welcome, by the way.
Difference between the pressure inside and outside. It would kill it. Erosion. Gravity
...
A friend told me that I look like a 83 years old man.   But I laugh about friends with girlfriend with childish songs.
So, I just had an emotional outburst: screaming, almost killing my brother (but my Ti stopped me saying Duuuuuude, your mother is right behind you), punching a sofa in a dark room for fifteen...
...
I like ESFJ because of their social skills, and their ability o express emotions.
This is the second part of my evil plan -I got a quote  MWAHAHAH  Well, it is the I-like-this-side-effect-let's-say-I-planned-it part
Quoted: people read and have an opinion about what I said, while I can thank somebody just reading quickly.  PS: I thanked Diophantine just to feel evil
Then we started asking by signs where did we come from.   Am I the only one who tinks that the INTJs here are searching for secrets to blackmail/destroy us and finally be the smartest type? And...
Practice, here, then. I'm spanish and good correcting
IT'S OVER 9000!!!!!! or 3. I cant remember
A really annoying feeling.
Oookey, maybe it's not saying it's a crap (I learnt socionics this morning in two hours) but in wikipedia (the first approach I make to a subject says and the requester finds the request recipient a...
Socionics says that relationship is crap, and that infj dont really loke intp  Apparently it's not true One of my best friends is probably an infj, too, and its one of the few types i wouldnt care...'"


554: 'First impression upon reading: ENFP (it was that endearing general excitableness that gave you away :tongue:)  But yeah function wise - Ne, Fi: logical conclusion = ENFP
I would say: ENTJ - she has a sub-ideology of Conservatism named after her (not exactly the stereotypical sensor :tongue:)
I'm gonna creep inside you like a warm kitten
I'm a vegetarian out of habit more than anything - I've never really been concerned with the whole ethics/health.  I could never be a vegan... I love cheese too much :happy:
ENFP - Weed is my preferred 'drug' of choice (if you call it a drug), I smoke (nicotine) but don't really enjoy it anymore - it's more a habit as I'm finally coming to admit, I take mephedrone on a...
Okayy:  I usually feel burnt out after extensive periods of socializing (Extensive in my books is defined by three hours) - Introversion (no surprise there :tongue:)  I'm reserved around people...
I've only ever had one particularly profound experience (under the influence of psilocybin mushrooms). The experience was something akin to having your mind opened to the most thought provoking...
It works both ways - Fi provides us with a very personalised morality, the guilt can be overwhelming; yet there's a part of the ENFP searching for new experiences, new connections (both emotional and...
Just my take:  I keep seeing a strong link between introspection and xNxP types (both introverted and extroverted). Extraverted intuition combined with introverted feeling causes NFPs to engage in...
You notice extraverted functions more - its possible Ne seems like your dominant function, but its more plausible that you are driven internally by Fi except you aren't as conscious of it. Also...
Of course. It just seems that the timing would suggest that this was the trigger - I'm not suggesting that he tried to kill himself because he failed his exams but rather it was a sort of 'final...
The difference is I actually care why - suicide isn't a simple matter of rationality thinking: the causes are complex. For better or worse I want to know what was going on in his head when he did it....
Thanks to everyone who posted. It's a bit of a headfuck to be honest - I'm feeling a bit better now but I think its probably going to take some time to feel 'normal' again.  And for everyone that...
Read the post again - immediately after witnessing it I did feel 'blessed' (as you put it). Now I don't. Unfortunately I can't just 'restore' that feeling; right now there's little I have to identify...
I've never posted in the advice forum before but now seems like an appropriate time...  A few days ago I witnessed an attempted suicide. After the shock subsided I felt re-energised (for lack of a...
Tough one... probably:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sO5APfKnR50  Soooo.... anything that sounds like this?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idcaRTg4-fM
I don't know where the sensing is coming into this, from what you've said I think everything points towards intuition (or more specifically Ne). As for T/F, she looks like an NF to me (remember with...
ENFPs and ESFPs actually have a lot in common - although Ne & Se appear to be 'opposed' as it were, the primary means of experiencing life is similar, through the extraverted perceiving function. The...
Mainly Ne or Te, occasionally Fi.  Process = work out P/J -> if P work out extraverted N/S, if J work out extraverted T/F -> work out whether primary function is extraverted/introverted (thus...
In all honesty I think categorizing type relationships is stretching MBTI too far - we can have good and bad relationships with any type. For example - take two ENTJs I know, one of them I consider...
NT seems clear - function wise, his diagnosis seems to be based on Ne (What does this mean?, hidden implications) and Ti (the a priori cause). I would suggest an unhealthy ENTP.
Do you believe the world will come to an end? - For mankind yes. But the end of the human species won't be the 'end' so to speak - nature will continue to flourish in other ways.  How do you...
My point exactly - Azrael was suggesting the opposite.
Exactly what I was going to say :tongue:  Psychologists are obsessed with sex... just look at Freud :wink:
Hmm... I like it but I'm not so sure about Feelers being conscious of their emotional values...  Who knows... maybe I'm actually a thinker rather than a feeler - and now you've got me questioning...
This has absolutely nothing to do with your parents being SFs - excuse my language, but they are simply fucked up. Parents of all personality types can be perfectly accepting of their children; your...
My interpretation: we have the ability (or perhaps potential) to make startling insights into other people's lives but we may be oblivious to seemingly obvious insights into our own lives.
<- what it says there  Yeah I'm pretty satisfied with who I am at the moment. In the past less so but personal understanding is a beautiful thing :happy:
If N/S isn't clear it's usually a pretty good indication of Judging (in this case Thinking) as the dominant function...  If he's only twelve it's most likely his auxiliary function isn't that...
Really? I would have said the opposite... maybe it's a US thing.
We Are Everywhere: The Irresistible Rise of Global Anti-Capitalism  It's a fun book :tongue:
Interesting - introverts tend to be more republican than extroverts, judging more republican than perceiving (actually not that surprising considering right-wing politics tends to focus more on...
Most of it isn't so metaphorical :bored:
This reminded me of the introduction to a certain book:  http://artactivism.gn.apc.org/allpdfs/001-Photo%20essay.pdf
Could some possibly explain to me the importance/significance of the Enneagram in understanding personality type? Whereas MBTI can help us understand how the brain thinks, how we interact etc. (not...
Why live your life tormenting yourself with the fear of inevitable? Certainly not a typical ENFP trait I'm aware of... that said if she's thirteen you can hardly blame her. The thought of having your...
Hmm... where to start....  Nicotine, talking to my cats (I've discovered there are five different sorts of 'miaow', three different pitches asking for your attention with different degrees of...
Perseus hit the nail on its head - only thing I would add is a clear 'E' for Grandpa, everything you've said would point to ESTP.
I think the J is a misinterpretation. A conscientious P can be both tidy and hard-working (notice He's been prone to workaholism in the past and an inability to say no to people - the workaholism...
Hope this hasn't been posted already:  Source: http://www.greatlakesapt.org/jung-article.pdf
The functions are set because they relate to specific areas of the brain (some areas are more developed than others, but they all contribute to running our bodies, thoughts etc.). While there is no...
Everything you've said would suggest ESFP  Feeling is a given, pretty sure he's a Sensor, Extroversion is clear and passive attitude towards discipline indicates perceiving. Fear of rejection +...
Um... maybe if you have a degree in conflict resolution?  Not saying its impossible but it's not exactly a match made in heaven...
She has a very strong personality. - would generally indicate Extroversion  She's always right and it seems as if though she expects you to change your mind and agree with her. - definitely...
We live in a predominantly extroverted world - as a society we simply do not understand an introverted reality, such behavior is deemed 'anti-social' (or worse... open any psychology text-book and...
There are ups and downs but most of the time I have a pretty optimistic view of life. There is always a quick fix to the bad times - people :wink:
Oh don't worry - I wasn't taking it personally :tongue:  Yeah I think I slightly misconstrued your post - I thought you were suggesting that INTPs are both stubborn and intelligent (many of you...
This wasn't directed at anyone in particular but I think it warrants repeating:
Greetings!  All you need to know about PC: Alle reden vom Wetter. Wir nicht :wink:
The same applies for T-F - it pisses me off to no end the amount of people on the forum talking about how 'smart' Ts are. There is no correlation whatsoever between the two - I know 'dumb' Ts and...'"


556: I personally thought the movie was well done and was interesting to watch. I think the main problem with the controversy surrounding the movie is that everyone is trying to attach their own political...
Silly Europeans. America is supreme and above criticism :cool:
Knowing GRRM, The battle at Castle Black is gonna be both epic and heartbreaking :(
Get ready for the waterworks lol
:/  ^That's all I can say about the Mountain vs Viper fight.
I'm serious considering whether I'm actually an ESTP (i'm probably just gonna go with EXTP for now). And so far, I've been well received in the few contacts I've had with military lifestyle.
I'm actually the degree for a similar reason as you. I plan on joining the Army after college (18X program if wanna know more) and C.S. degree is more of a fall-back than anything else.
How come you regret your decision in picking computer science (incidentally, that's the degree that I plan on pursuing in college)?
One thing I've noticed about all my friends who I think are Se-doms or auxs is they all have steady gazes when their making eye contact. (It almost like their analyzing me :unsure:)  I'm just...
I've been called weird and awkward but never creepy.
I'm guessing it would happen randomly for me (that's how I met all my current friends)
I like it. Interesting and fairly easy to understand
Ragnar is definitely an EXTP. His desire to explore and find new lands to raid and conquer fit hand-in-hand with a Pe-dom. I'm less sure about whether he is an S or N (I'm leaning towards ENTP due to...
Just stop cleaning up after their shit. When their parts of house start to mold, they'll get the memo.
Umm, pirates? (Wait, no that's stupid)  I got nothing.  Anyways, in all seriousness, ESTPs are pretty fun peeps. They're the only ones I know that can keep up (and even surpass) my level of...
Do you often only use violence for self-defense?   Btw I almost forgot about this thread :P
So men got banned?
I can't help that but feel that I would've loved being an explorer of the Americas (a columbus-type person). I think it'd be safe to say that my personal dream job would be that or an...
Sounds interesting enough. I feel like if we were to fight a big war, our lack of unity would probably cause us to lose faster than anything our enemies could throw at us.
I'd liked to play as a spellsword or battlemage; roast your enemies from afar with some fire magic and then close in and gut 'em with your handy-dandy sword. :D
Why not just threaten to beat him up? You are the big brother after all..
I was about to say the same exact thing. Nothing sets me off more than someone trying to make life decisions for me (I don't mind advice but they need to understand that all it'll be is advice)
My bad. I didn't really state what I was trying to say very well; my point is that since he is a sociopath at heart, we really can't use MBTI on him since his sociopathy seriously affects how he sees...
He doesn't have a type. You guys forget that he's a sociopath at his core. He can't be accurately typed b/c he is mentally ill.
When it comes to politics, I'm pretty much a pragmatist by this point. I started out as a rebel conservative (b/c everyone near me was a liberal) and then started to shift to the right-libertarian...
Establish fallout shelters across the globe and promptly nuke all major powers. In the post-apocalyptic world, the shelters will act as bases for you to exert influence over the whole world.
Hi.
Prevent the enemy from fighting us and lead them in a wild-goose chase. When they're sufficiently exhausted, we unload the wrath of God on the poor bastards and completely eradicate them. Simple....
What if we just don't show up to the battle?
Methinks you over-thinking things just a little too much. I agree w/ you that a good of deal of Walt's stunts are unrealistic. But I think it adds to the show, not detracts from it. It helps build...
What happens when people stop going to college b/c the tuition has become too expensive to pay for? Or the gov't can no longer afford to give student aid for the same reason?   The bubble is going...
Yeah, I think the wounded are much higher proportionally than previous wars (1 in 8 that are wounded die compared to Vietnam which  was 1 in 3 and WW2 which was 1 in 2)> I guess you can thank better...
In 2012, more than 25,00 people died in car accidents. By comparison, only 301 military personnel died in Afghanistan in the same year.  Sources: United States Forces casualties in the war in...
I've heard that you're more likely to die in a car crash than in Afghanistan. (I'll have to pull up the official statistics though)  On-topic, most people should look at community college or...
Never underestimate it's power...
I support so much that I'm reviving this 3-month old thread
Bump   Don't wan't this to be forgotten about
At least tell me you like SOME type of chocolate?:sad:
:angry:  How dare you question the deliciousness of hot chocolate, PEASANT!!!!!   Off with your head!!!!!!!!!!!111
There have been calls from many different people (myself included) to create a forum for members of Generation Z (1995-2010/12). I'm posting this as a suggestion to have such a forum created.  ...
Any proof for this?
Tie in the main storyline into the guild quests. I like the idea of my guild quest actions altering how the storyline plays out...
Good luck (and more importantly DON'T volunteer for anything)  BTW what's your MOS?
Kill her?
Who are these 'masses' you all keep talking about? I can't seem to find them anywhere...:confused:
You know, as horrible as sweatshops are, no one ever seems to ask how the people working there feel about it. I'd be willing to guess that working there is a choice of desperation (and like you said...
Join the Army. That'll make you more interesting (or dead but who cares:tongue:)  All joking aside, I'd say just be willing to do things for the hell of it and over-analyze everything. That's what...
So, what was the point of your rant again? Or were you just looking for attention?:rolleyes:
The only time a 'know-it-all' bothers me is when they feel the need to answer a simple question with a half-hour long speech...
It's just people trying to fit into the stereotype of the NT (you know, borderline sociopathic, a know-it-all, over-theorizing EVERYTHING, that kind of jazz)."


567: 'I believe I said At least 20 because it's like once in a blue moon a 19 year old or younger marries for keeps in America.  Don't go assuming my age =).  As for the whole practicing thing, I only go...
So, here's a question.  How man of you all have lived a good bit, like at least until 20, and haven't found anyone you'd be interested in?  I've been attracted to several people, but after getting to...
Depends on the serious matter.  I can show empathy and there are (very rare) times when people see me serious, but there are so so many things people think are a big deal that just aren't.  So I...
I haven't taken a poll of how many ENTPs I know, but it seems like we mostly talk a lot of nonsense (be it very clever and entertaining nonsense) aside from arguing.  For me, I think it's the way I...
I'd say Urahara is an ENTP or ENFP.  Do you agree?  Do you guys think that the main characters in Animes are generally rarer personality types?
Haha, I'd like to meet one.   Even though I'm ENTP, I think a lot of other ENTPs can get on my nerves because they do come off rough, and I don't know if I can trust them.    I don't know if...
*Sigh* I know you can't make someone fall in love with you.  Do INTJs brood a lot?  I think one of my friends may be an INTJ (no romantic interest). She's   hilarious, intelligent and incredibly...
When you can tell when any of you're friends is into someone, but completely miss when someone's paying attention to you (I mean, everyone pays us attention, right?).   Is this really just ENTPs? ...
Yeah.  Make sure to pick the right thing and then stick with it, and have values that will guide you through tough situations (especially because emotions won't).  It's crazy how one of the greatest...
I don't think that you can find the perfect business partner on type alone.  Although it may help, I'd look for someone who is already doing what you want.  Sales and presentations is definitely a...
Question answered.  Thanks guys.  @Xee : It wasn't really just an article, just something I had read in someone's topic.
Emotions are definitely useful tools.  They help us live everyday life, and intuition, especially for ENTPs, is essential.  It's when a person is ruled by emotion, when they waver back and forth on...
Definitely donx92t base your opinion of us on such a small sample size.  Ix92m one of those wild ENTPs and yet Ix92m honest and generally considerate of other peoplex92s feelings.  For instance, what Emerson...
ENTPs have an amazing personality--one of my favorites and the only one I'd ever choose for myself.  However, there's one thing many of us ENTPs keep saying that's not even supposed to happen to our...
That's why it's so important for us to find what we're going to do, make reallysure it's good for us, and then make a decision to go for it.  Just set a goal and reach for it, do what you have to. ...
I've heard it said that the cognitive functions aren't a skill-set you can improve.  You just have them.  However, I don't believe it's true.  We're human, we're mutable, and the things the brain can...
Btmangan: Lolz.     A degree of naivit isn't such a bad thing; probably even suggest innocence.
Yep, probably.
Ha ha, yeah, I can see that about ISFPs.
As in those are the four best relationship types for an ENTP?  All of those type (except INTJ, which I think tends to have it anyway) have some type of sensitivity mentioned in their description. ...
Actually, it's mostly for irrelevant double-posting.
Ha ha, one of my friends thinks I'm ENFP.  From the posts above, I take that to mean I am indeed the perfect man for all you INTJs.  ;).  Brel, I think respect is critical for any relationship,...
Thanks guys.    Actually, yeah... ;) By the way, I know you can't make someone love you. I just mean what generally makes you guys tick in that respect.     So basically,...
Ever find yourself the only one in the group who picks up on the undertones your sending out?  And they're TOTALLY funny if they'd just pick them up?
So, ENTPs and INTJs are supposed to mix.  So yes, awesome information.  But for all the people who might find an attraction to one of you, what does the tricK?  What makes your love-meter tick?
I think INTJ with developed F may be more my type (still love INFJs though).  Then again, I'm not sure typing your type so specifically isn't ungrounded.  Definitely has to be a woman, though. ...
Oh hai science! And that' my point, it may not be the norm, but it happens, and more frequently than you'd like to admit (an apparent inconsistency in evolutionary, theory, I might add). I could...
Gosh, Goodewitch, you expect INFJs to be like, jump over the mountain for me and then they're like Chocolate.  okay. :confused:   I don't know if this is totally universal to ENTPs, but I...
I think maturity really depends on the individual ENTP.  Maybe in general. I also had an ongoing question about the ethicality of using the information that I readily saw.      Ha ha, what...
That's a common attraction thing, and it's really dumb.  (Or at least, I think it is.)  Fortune favors the brave: just man up and talk to them.  When I don't feel confident, I just tell myself, I am...
So what counts as a subtle hint?
That too, cue5c.
Sometimes I think I come across wrong as well.  It's just a matter of adapting to the environment and doing well.  Apparently the first friend you mentioned knows how to do this.  As long as you're...
I think a lot of how well ENTPs (and other types, but especially ENTPs) get along with others and especially each other really has to do with maturity, which isn't necessarily tied to age.
Robert Downey Jr. is off the chain!  I like him, though.
Mutatio NOmenis:  I'm pretty sure that would not be an ideal relationship dynamic for me.     Yeah, it's kind of cute.      I suddenly feel a deeper affection for you.  Don The Man Quixote...
I'll do it.  My mother works in a hospital, and she knows several cougars.  Apparently (due to her experience with online dating sites), there are also younger guys who go for older woman.   Yeah,...
I was just wondering why you said it stops me feeling superior around non-NT friends.  Do you mean in groups?
I'm a little confused.  Who are we talking about here? But yes, INTJs are a bomb.  Especially when you have developed feeling, too.
Nah, not so much.  Keep it coming.  I love INFJs, probably INXXs too, tons.  I've got no problems with asking.   In actuality, we do hold our tongue!
Xee: I can relate to a lot of that.  It really depends on the environment.  I've gotten really good at navigating while thinking, like during those walks where you almost forget how long it's been. ...
Ha ha, maybe I should approach the question in a different way.  I'm probably not being very clear. Also, though, I don't think it's terribly uncommon for friends to start going out.  There are...
If you look on the ENTP boards, a fair amount of us are partial to INFJs.  Also, ENTPs with developed F-functions are even more appealing ;). infinitia: =D
Thank you, thank you.  We are every woman's dream.
Thanks.  However, I'm not really the type to start going out with someone just after I meet them -- I have to know the person for some time and also mature -- honest, keeps to their commitments, etc....
So, rather elementary question: how do you know when an INFJ is attracted to you?  I can read people pretty well, but you guys are some of the toughest to get a read on (just another reason I like...
Yeah, keeping my living space organized took quite a while to learn.  Following a schedule...I'm still improving in that area.
I realize you clarified this already, but I agree with it to an extent.  Who you are and what happens, the greater picture of a person's life, is largely composed of the little decisions, even the...
Okay, not gonna lie..I can see that happening.  That was a great pun, too ;). Somehow, even though the video is totally inane, I'm still laughing at it as I write this.
Dang it I am like I'm from the movies!    Yep. Definitely attractive qualities to me.  Well, may except for squidgeyness.  What is that?'"


577: I can relate completely. People mistake passion for anger.
I'm a 27 year old ENTP woman, he's a 30 year INFJ man.  There is so much I could say to explain the situation, and I have posted about it before on the INFJ forum. I have tried really hard to be as...
Thanks for replying guys. The last thing I want is for him to feel bad, I actually felt happy in some way to feel that much for another person, I surprised myself. I like being made to feel something...
ENTP female here. I'm 27, I have only been in love twice and both times was with INFJs. There is some kind of mutual magnetic attraction between us. We speak, they listen; we theorise, they...
For anyone who cares, I decided to come back to Guatemala for another three months to be with him again. The first month was tough, we had a few arguments due to poor communication, fears etc, but...
So I have been dating this 30 year old INFJ man since December last year, and we are in love. I am an ENTP woman.  Today he was telling me a story about an ex-girlfriend from many years ago who...
For me personally, yes, but it can't be all in too fast... it needs to feel natural... it's hard to explain lol. Maybe this is why I have been single for so long hahahaha.
I think that for me, if I am to make such a binding commitment, I need to see strong evidence of commitment in the other party before I feel comfortable with it. Otherwise I feel foolish because I...
The doubts came back because the communication has been non-existent for two days hahaha. I keep changing my mind... this time I am thinking that the whole thing is not worth it.
INFJs seem to love talking with me, and I'm ENTP :-)
I *think* I am an sx-dom but I am not sure, and I have no idea what he is but his energy seems on par with mine so I wouldn't be surprised if he is sx-dom too. Any advice on how I could determine...
He is 30 and seems very mature and intelligent, he is generally very able to explain himself when asked unless he genuinely doesn't know the answer. I think you are right. We have been in regular...
That is interesting because it conflicts with another comment on here which says that lack of physical touch diminishes feelings... Maybe it varies individually?
Hahahaha, I know! :-D Do you think it's weird or cute? I am pretty sure this is a typical ENTP reaction to falling in love!
Yes that is spot on haha. We have had two three-hour Skype conversations since the last time I posted here and I think it helped us feel reconnected to each other. I am feeling better about the...
Thanks for your input. It is similar for me, and he did say that it's just not the same without being able to touch. I am slightly confused as to what I should do next in this situation... I have...
What would it take from the person for it to be possible for you to wait years for them? I'm sure they can't just be anyone... They would have to be special in some way, right?
This was good advice, thank you. We do need to just have an open and honest discussion of what is going on. I have really been questioning things since we stopped communicating in the natural, normal...
Ok so I have some follow up. It has now been 12 days of waiting, we have had brief contact every few days, a short online chat or an email. We also did a Skype video chat one time. However, now my...
So he sent me an email about an hour ago saying sorry for taking time to reply but that he doesn't want to say anything without thinking properly, he said he has been thinking and thinking but still...
Hello everyone!  Well, I sat for about 45 minutes writing a very long explanation of every single detail of what happened, but my Kindle Fire died and I lost everything I wrote. Damn this ENTP...
She absolutely does not sound like an ENTP. I think ENFP is more likely.
ESTPs have inferior Ni which serves their Se purposes. They are still capable of planning and theorising. An Ne-dom would be more prone to accepting alternative viewpoints, when the female character...
He just seems like an arrogant prick. More like an ESTP than an ENTP.
I agree with this.
That's really interesting to think about, thank you.
I've been a passionate feminist since I got to the age of 12 or 13 and started noticing the glaring disparities in the way men and women are treated and expected to behave.
He sounds like a stressed, depressed ENTP who is in ISFJ mode. He needs to spend less time alone trapped in his own thoughts. Try to get him to tell you exactly what the problem is, let him say...
Hah, yes!
That was interesting but the gender-specificity bothered me. I felt I could relate to a lot of what was being said, but I'm female and according to the theory, do not have an anima. I'm not sure what...
What the OP described is behaviour I could have towards someone I'm not interested in. People often mistake my friendliness and willingness to spend time with them for more than what it is. The only...
I know exactly how you feel, exactly. I have the same problem at university. I haven't found a solution though I'm sorry to say, other than TRYING to detect fellow Ns in the room and sticking with...
I don't know whether it comes down to self-discipline or not, but I find it hard to see how someone self-aware enough to be able to generate the idea of 'tricking' yourself into aiming for goals you...
When I'm genuinely excited for something ahead of me in the future which requires effort from me in the present moment. I have to feel capable of achieving the goal in order to feel like putting in...
I hate this assumption some men make. I have never been with a man who can keep up with me sexually. My sex drive is very high and has been since being a young teen. I absolutely reject this notion...
I'm watching an episode of Prison Break and heard a description of low latent inhibition for the first time, which can be found here:  Latent inhibition - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia ...
I've been doing the exact same thing for as long as I can remember too, I love sitting in public places loudly discussing controversial topics. Recently I sat in a jacuzzi in my gym with a friend of...
Feelings are irrational though, telling someone their feelings are irrational is about the least helpful thing anyone can do in that situation, and if you're apparently an INFJ with auxiliary Fe then...
Your Ne+Ti are being applied to try and explain why the break up happened, all that can happen is you go round in circles in your mind trying to figure it out and not being able to find a solution...
Chemistry student. Used to study Law.
I completely understand, you're trying to work through an idea in your mind, you wouldn't mind being spoken to if the person speaking was able to help you discuss the idea you're thinking through,...
I think that men (because they are usually thinkers) do not tend to care, but in my experience women (because they're usually feelers) get offended when you make no effort to chit chat and just give...
Another thing I want to mention relating to this is that, when living with other people, I find myself getting annoyed by the inane questions I tend to get asked. For example, I am going about my...
Exactly. Walking in through your front door, without anyone speaking  to you, being able to just sit down and not speak for a while, without  worrying that your silence is being taken personally and...
I think you mentioned a key point, being around 'fun and interesting people'. Exactly. If I am around fun and interesting people, then it's awesome and it energises me. The problem is, many people I...
How does a lack of time alone affect other ENTPs? What does it do to your mood? If I don't get sufficient alone time, either because I have too much to do outside of the house, or when I come home...
This thread is about 9 months old. It turned out he was an ISTP (and they have the same functions as an INFJ, hence my confusion). At the time my knowledge of MBTI wasn't developed enough to type him...
Definitely INFPs.
I feel very embarrassed to listen to the music I love in front of people who I know do not share my taste. It's because I feel exposed and like they might be using the music I've chosen as a way to...
Female ENTP from the UK over here!! :-D"


589: 'Enfp
Using an old french term tirant in the same sentence as a swear word.
Motivation
ESTJ  TMLT lock themselves out of their home?
Trying to make me do something that takes way too much effort
What's feelings?  http://i.imgur.com/ziYjijO.png
ESFJ - The Fashion Nazis  tmlt to have a stamp collection?
Holy shit. You're so INFJ I can't even.... :confused:      I can't even.... :confused2: :moon::ghost:
What's wrong with Bard? :hampster:
Settings -> Edit Profile -> Myers Briggs Personality Type -> INTJ - The Scientists   Already, 9/10 INTJs suffer from special snowflake syndrome. This is a serious issue man. You're making it worse....
Super serious question.   I'm would be a broccoli cheese tuna with raisins and chocolate sprinkles.
Welcome to PerC!  Try checking with this INFP - Harmonizer Clarifiers It's the INFP description written from behind an INFP's eyes. Sometimes type descriptions can be odd since they are written...
So I heard you love TED.... Here's a TED talk generated by a neural network after letting it learn from all the TED talks available in the world.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=23&v=-OodHtJ1saY...
Username Core type Secondary type Tertiary type Instinctual subtype   francescleary 1w2 3w2
Oh man. If these are the kinds of things you say, you shouldn't worry about shutting up. :loveyou::octopus:
Because I cried over the movie and the book. :dry:    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOPMlIIg_38
Hi Shria! Nice to meet you too!
There are many videos on youtube. Here's one.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvldC6mzLvA   Yoga Nidra is mostly guided relaxation of different parts of your body, so it's a good place to...
I will keep trying then! Thanks guys, I was on the brink of giving up.
Moar sleep. Moar productivity
How do I stop you guys from leaving me when you think I'm beyond redemption?
1. Is it in any way helpful for depression or anxiety?  Buddhism aims to remove the mind of afflictions in the form of delusions and give you the tools to see the world as it is. The mind being the...
Type A personality with minor OCD tendencies like games on steam have to be in a defined tab in alphabetical order.  ... I blame the shade of the blue on your avatar :mellow:
Winning~
Punniez  350514
Welcome to Personality Cafe!  I get that quite a lot too. Sometimes it comes in the form of some kind of unfinished thought stuck in the back of my head, like a bubble at the bottom of a fish tank...
Thanks for the welcome! Hope we can rally for more stickies at some point. :kitteh:
O_o ookay...
:D!!!! How did you upload that in full size?
We shall transverse the universe together.  350330  https://giphy.com/gifs/l41m3wIry7VIV7HA4 Original size
Cos they sexy as hell. Period.  I've come to terms that a relationship beyond friendship with them can't last. Gotta have that gap. Though somehow they always manage to find out I'm soulless. It's...
Istj
Isfp
You mean, not very aligned to INFP stereotype. :wink:  I know a lot of INFPs. I can tell you an informed one is easily the best conversation partner I've ever had. I like the idea creating systems...
The Winner Effect, Ian Robertson
Hiya MissMo
This post has helped me so much over the past year of lurking, I kinda treat it like a reference document. Why isn't this stickied?
rapturous You seem to have the same problem I had. Since my functions heavily leaned towards all Ti, Te, Ni, and Ne, the tests came out different each time. However, MBTI personality is preference of...
Waif Maybe we're not each other, but we're pretty darn close! :D
I wanna know too
DisneyKitten Our first agenda should be to take over the commando dogs.  Jared Eggo There can be only one! :hotneko: :hotneko: :hotneko:     Reluctanine I can make you a lazy cat with a pink pin...
Learning to listen and empathise to others, does not mean others will listen and empathise to you.
I understand what you mean. Sometimes I catch myself talking way too much when I'm caught up with a trail of thoughts and my conversation partner was just staring back with this look. Kinda...
Purrrdy. I always associated the owl to the High Priestess tho. That's an interesting combo. What deck?
Thanks!   Impeccable, like a sir.  https://41.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_maebgkl0c81rf4dqro1_500.jpg
Pleasure to meet you Ztommi :D  I keep reading your name as japanese for some reason.
OwO *drool* I wanna see
ENTP  On the practical side, another system that works very well in getting a person to talk, confront, and work through their issues without feeling threatened by perceived judgement from another....
I admire how your internal system usually has high logical integrity with very little discrepancies. How quick you are to correct them if found and how you're willing to adjust according to new...
Claiming social tact as selfishness'"


591: 'I'm a Swedish ENTP. A group sounds rad. :)
ISFJ for Gabriella? That was my initial thought at least.
I'm not a sociopath, although the thought does not worry me.  If you're a sociopath you would not ask yourself that question; no, rather that's a sign of not being very self-aware or...
All the ENTPs I've known have cheated at least once. Including myself. Was starting to think it was a universal trait or something.  Personally I wasn't all that attached to my previous boyfriend...
Heh. Been thinking about this lately.  Mom - ESFJ Dad - IxTJ, too unhealthy to type properly Brother - ISTJ Older brother - IxTJ, probably INTJ but don't know him too well ISTJ brother's...
Cameron seems ISFJ imo
Yeah. He's gorgeous. Judging from interviews, he seems like some kind of SP?
Sorry for reviving this incredibly old thread, but I just finished Norwegian Wood and was thinking about the characters' types.  Toru - INFJ or ISTP? Definitely seems to use, Fe, Ti, Ni and Se. The...
I was thinking INFJ for Kira. Her Ni seems to be off the charts.
Are there any more guesses for Todd?
Will is either an ISTJ or an ESTJ. First thought was ISTJ but he strikes me as a bit more involved (organizing the dance etc), outspoken and in-your-face than your average ISTJ would be. Simon: ISFP...
My current favourite teacher is an ENTP. He's fucking awesome, really. (well actually we have two teachers in that class, but I think the other one's an INTP. He's cool too). They teach social...
Haha what, how'd you figure the trance? My ISTJ brother actually makes trance music...
I just re-read this book. I love it.  I unfortunately don't really know the characters' types very well, but I agree that both Eli and Oskar are introverts.  Oskar strikes me as some kind of a Fi...
Haha! It's not THAT bad! Carl Bart on its own sounds pretty cool, it's when you throw in Ashley that it becomes questionable. Is Bart French or something?
It is? I thought that was just something Peter called him, along with Carlito. :P
Hello! And I apologize for kind of derailing the thread. I tend to get  really excited when I find other Libs fans to talk with. They're not  really that common here in Sweden, unfortunately. Plus I...
Hard for family members, easy for strangers. The less I care about the person, the more I care about their opinion of me.  Hear me out, I know that sounds weird. But really, I couldn't care less if...
Yeah...I try not to defend his actions too often though. I mean, as a fan I try to be careful not to put my idols on piedestals and be completely blind to their faults, you know? I mean in most cases...
Yeah, really. Or I don't know? Damn it, you're making me unsure here haha (shouldn't use very certain or definitely). Well, the thing is that yes, I did originally think he was an extrovert...
Yep, I'm still around (albeit very infrequently...)  And I've changed my mind. Peter is definitely dominant Fi, so INFP.  What do you think?
Slacker? How much is the salary? In whichever case, I'm not getting paid enough.
It just is.  No, no it's not.
Yes, of course. INFP's are sensitive creatures, so of course you guys are going to strive for acceptance from the people around you. I guess that at some point you are going to realise that it goes...
Sorry for bringing this fairly ancient thread back from the dead. It's just that Libs are my favourite band, and therefore it is perfect.   Peter: I'm very, very certain he's an ENFP, albeit an...
Noooo, absolutely not. They're awesome, okay? No dissing the ISTJs.  Okay they do kind of seem boring on the surface, but once you've gotten to know them, in my experience, they are the silliest...
Hahaha. That's brilliant. If I walked around and spoke like that, I doubt people would be able to be around me for longer periods of time without laughing.  In general the sappiness seems a bit too...
Hahaha I knoooow, it's insane. Here are a few of my personal favourites:        x93There will come a time when all of us are dead.  All of us.   There will come a time when there are no human beings...
I liked it as well. I've also read Looking for Alaska, which I enjoyed more than TFiOS. Idk I thought both Augustus and Hazel were pretentious as shit and it just annoyed me so so much xD. All of...
Yeah, I feel very nostalgic about it as well. I remember being very excited about coming home from school as a twelve-year-old to watch A:TLA. And as I've gotten older, it has only gotten better. ...
I definitely believe that ultimately, Azula was more badly hurt by her father than her brother was. By banishing him, Ozai put a distance between himself and his son. Zuko's banishment gave hime a...
Where in Britain do you live? I'm suspecting it's an idealized picture of the UK I have in my mind, but I do have a dream of living there someday. I'm just such a fan of British music it's almost...
You're British? Jealoooous. I'm sorry, I'm just another anglophile haha. But it's definitely the same in Sweden, and I can imagine a lot of guys who feel the need to exaggerate their masculinity....
The same to you, my good sir! I'm still very much on the fence regarding my type, and the fact that you are so willing to analyze me is great. It's very helpful, and also very interesting to read. ...
Yeah, I understand that. Personally, I've always found dirty jokes hilarious, so I'm quite the opposite of you. As a girl, you're not supposed to do that, or even be a thinker. :p I'm not as...
I'm actually kind of confused of whether I'm a sensor or an iNtuitive now, so I decided to answer some more questions I found in another questionnaire. Didn't include all of them for the sake of...
Hmmmm. Is this only related to surroundings? Because I have a serious knack for remembering names and conversations years after they've happened. Don't know if it's related to anything, but it sounds...
I've always seen Zuko as trying to adapt himself to the Fire Nation's standards, without naturally fitting in. Trying to appear more masculine and unemotional than he really is etc. Being ruthless...
Oh yeah, yeah definitely. INFPs are often viewed as innocent and idealistic and wouldn't hurt a fly, but in reality, in fights they can become quite fierce and no bs-y actually.   I've heard people...
Did my answers make you think Ne?  Also, heh...I was actually diagnosed with ADD when I was younger. :p Don't know how much it shows now though. I'm just seemingly incapable of organizing my life...
Ah, I would only expect an INTP to go completely against the stream and come up with an entirely different conclusion. Love you for taking the time to write this. In-depth analyses of my functions is...
Haha, thank you. I shall now start off with my duties as a newfound ENTP and go and troll the internet or something. ;)
No, I don't really understand why people hold grudges, or are still angry the day after a fight. I get over things quickly, be it insults or arguments. I rarely get emotionally invested in arguments...
Haha, that's fantastic actually. People who are able to laugh at tough situations and remain optimistic are very inspiring.  And wow, I can imagine (and I can imagine myself doing the same thing -...
Yeah, I have the exact same experience. Now, I have, however, completely embraced my weirdness, and I quite enjoy it. It's all about finding people who like you because of your weirdness and...
You're adorable. And, I'll have to agree with everybody else, very ENFP.   Hilarious answer at the car one.
You are right, indeed. I can identify with all of this very much.  I think my favorite thing about discussing ideas with other people is that while neither of us might have a correct...
Aang - Perfect ENFP.  Katara - ESFJ or ENFJ, can't decide upon that one.  Sokka - He gradually developed into an awesome ENTP. <3 10/10, would marry.  Toph - ISTP or ESTP. I think I'd say ISTP....
I'll take that as a compliment. Love your pug.  I really didn't expect such a general consensus. Almost starting to think that I actually am an ENTP, despite my occasional reclusive behaviour (my...
Thanks for the answer!  ENTP is one of the types I've considered, and the only extroverted one. The other ones are INTP, INFP and even INFJ (okay, seems like I pretty much knew N). Hearing you say...'"


618: 'So here's a short background: I'm 28 years old. I come from a big,  overachieving family where majority are successful doctors. I became a lawyer because I thought I'd be good at it and I've been ...
Don't mind if I do.  I'm not married, I have no children. But I'm engaged to the first and only man I can see myself with decades from now, and everyday, I thank my lucky stars I didn't settle for...
Ahhh. The notorious ENTP extra-high standards. I'll keep it short since everyone pretty much gave you good advice.   You just have to meet the right girl.  I'm a late bloomer myself. I didn't get...
So true! When I got into law school, I found it strange that most of the girls in my class were SF types. Law school being a survival of the fittest type of arena, I had no choice but to make...
It's unfair to say two Ne-dominants is dangerous based on theory alone. I'm not an expert on cognitive functions (so please pardon my lack of technical terms), but what I have is a truckload of...
In general, it sucks when people don't get your Ne thinking and humor. It especially sucks being a female ENTP, where your every move is criticized by more feminine girls and they hate you for it...
Thank you for your insight! I'm glad to hear from someone with personal experience. I guess that's inevitable; I hear more mature people say things like that too every now and then. I just have to...
My toy poodle, Redford, is a trophy dog. Don't get me wrong, I love that furball to bits. But when I found out that my brother was giving me a dog, the first thought in my mind was, YESSSS! I'll...
I understand how you would think that way. My INTJ friend initially thought it was an act of vengeance on my part. But I've thought about it long and hard, especially since I have the most to lose,...
Thanks for your input. My friend and I still share a few laughs every once in a while, and I always thought that was enough, but I guess we just need to have some sort of closure to this. I've never...
This will be a little, complicated story about a part of my past. It might be a little too detailed, but please bear with me! :happy:  So a few years ago, I met this ENFJ guy in law school. To make...
I get absolutely bored when my friends start talking about celebrities. Or other people, for that matter. I guess that's the downside to being a girl with non-NT girlfriends. Why can't we talk about...
When someone totally misses the point when I make an argument. And worse, when that someone actually answers my rhetorical questions. I mean, c'mon.
I do that too when I meet new girls. Then once we become closer, I tend to go crazy too. Unfortunately, my longtime friends are all sensing types and most of them are feelers too, so you can imagine...
I don't have ADD but I tend to display ADD characteristics. I think it's part of being an ENTP. I tend to do the whole Oh look, a squirrel! thing in the middle of a conversation, but I have no...
Lawyer!  At some point, I genuinely wanted to be a popstar. Then I grew up and decided to become a lawyer. It's perfect. You get to perform on the job, it's more stable than being a performer,...
I can relate to that as well. I realized that hanging out my old group really drained me because most of the time, they'd talk about celebrities or some new girl they hate, and I'd be all, Hey Mark!...
That's so true. I've always wondered why I didn't have many close female friends and can't--for the life of me--think of anyone who can qualify as my best friend. I also tend to get along with most...
Thanks for that! Yep, I've been consciously trying to tone down my awesomeness when I'm around new people--female AND male, but it can get very exhausting. It's especially true here in the...
Wow, good for you! Actually, I'm looking forward to becoming a lawyer already because I think I'm going to meet a few women who might actually think like me, or at least get me. What's it like having...
You're right. It's really hard to find NT women. But it's been the opposite with me. Women generally like me when it comes to first impressions (except the really conservative, sensitive ones who...
I can totally relate about the mother thing. My mom and I had countless clashes back when I was a teenager because she felt I was a little too abrasive. She recently told me how proud she was of how...
I'm an ENTP woman and sometimes, it can be a little frustrating when women end up disliking me because of my personality. My male friends have told me that they find me intimidating, but it has never...
I went to an all-girls high school and, needless to say, the popular girls didn't like me very much for some strange reason. I was neither super popular nor unpopular although I had my own group of...
My boyfriend and I are doing great and going at 8 months this month. The priority thing hasn't come up in several months. In the first few months, there are times he wouldn't see me because he's...
I do that to my friends too, especially since we're all sitting so close together in class. If I have a trustworthy friend, I'll pass the stolen object on to him or her and embark on this elaborate...
Yes, I understand your scenario. I don't like pulling him out of whatever outing he's in just because I want something at that moment. I understand that it's going to be inconvenient for him if I do...
We usually debate only shallow stuff for the sake of having fun and lively conversations. I've noticed that the more I like the person, the more I'll debate with him/her because it's how I connect....
I have an ENTP friend who's dating this ultra-rich (think hotel-chain heir) but super-nice guy. She told me that knowing how filthy rich the guy is, is like knowing that he has brown hair. It's...
Loved messing with my classmates' minds since grade school:  I'm pure Filipina with dark skin and dark eyes, but somehow, I was able to convince the class valedictorian that I had blue eyes. Me:...
A lot of guys have told me that I intimidate them and/or assume that I'm already taken. That resulted to my having my first boyfriend at the ripe old age of 22!  Although I intimidate guys, I...
Alright, I will. I just don't want to react so quickly without having evidence, you know? I want to make sure that the behavior that bothers me is actually there before I tell him about it. I don't...
That's the way it was with my ENFP boyfriend. We went out everyday for the first week and by the third day he was professing how much he really liked me. For the entire second week he had to travel...
I used to need to get the last word in, but ever since I got into law school, I've learned to tame that side of me. Law school is full of people like that and I didn't want to clash with any (at...
One of my 'favorite friends' is an INTJ. He's one of the few people that I actually look forward to having a conversation with, although he's also one of the few that can beat me at the whole mind...
Personally, i can be romantic and gentle but not all the time. I guess it helps that my boyfriend is an F so it's usually up to him to initiate the lovey-dovey stuff. That's when I respond in kind....
I'm an ENTP and my ENFP boyfriend and I have been together for 3 months now. We're both in our early 20's and in our first serious relationship. Before we became steady, I scoured the net looking at...
OH WOW. Now I get my boyfriend. He's an ENFP and we have this joke that I'm actually the guy in the relationship while he's the girl. He's all sweet and mushy which I'm not used to but I surprisingly...
As ENTP's, we're not really known for being touchy-feely and all. We think, after all, not feel.  I noticed that the more I like someone (as friends), the more I'll make fun of him/her, but not to...
I love my personality type although I can't say I've met any other ENTP's aside from myself.  Judging from experience, the people who don't really know me and who have a surplusage in sensitivity...
I'd buy all the yummy gadgets I've always wanted and wipe out the entire ThinkGeek inventory.
1.) Unethical - Hmm... Not really. I think I'm highly ethical in that I have my own set of principles that I strictly follow (I don't cheat in exams, don't say bad words, etc.) 2.) Joker - OH YEAH....
Hahaha. When I first tested as an ENTP, I was so skeptical I retook different kinds of tests over and over again, and read up on ENTP descriptions everyday for the next two weeks. That alone was a...
Thanks. I've never been in a relationship before so I really have no idea what to expect or how things actually work in one.    Alright, I'll keep that in mind. I've been known to be a little...
Thanks for the replies guys! :laughing:  Assuming that my friend is an ENFP, do you have any advice for me (an ENTP) on how to interact with him? I read that they can get bored really fast or...
I'm 22 and I've been dating this guy (he's 21) for over a week now. We both have never been in a relationship before. Can anyone please confirm what personality type he is?  - Before we started...
I guess that's also one of my fears, that I care about people too much that I lose my individuality. (It sounds like a stupid thing to say, but I can't help it...:unsure:)   So far, ever since I...
I tried PM-ing but found that I couldn't (I need to have 15 posts or more.) I don't wanna post on the forums for the sake of reaching my quota, hehe.
Thanks. I've read about the 5 love languages before and told my mom about that but she ... didn't think much about it. (Mine is giving/receiving gifts, btw. I think only my sister gets me in that...
It's semestral break for us and I'm bored to death and been looking for something new to learn/kill time on. I'm going through that hole you guys keep talking about. Man, I'm hating every second of...'"


641: 'Eh, I got INFJ and I'm an ENTP. Needs work, but I can see why it would've said that for me lol. I think the Ni and Ne statements were really similar so I clicked strongly agree for just about all...
So I, an ENTP, have recently started dating a guy (about 2 months now) and I introduced him to MBTI and I told him I thought he was an ENTJ, and he said he thinks he's an I not an E. I brushed it...
Seven. Freaky as hell but I loved it!!
Thanks! This is very helpful. Also, I just got a mutual friend of ours to introduce me to him later this week. A more direct approach ;)
You sound very INFP. I'm getting that vibe from just about everything you said.
Ah. Well...wouldn't it be weird if I suddenly just asked him out even though we've only talked once--and months ago? I'd like to get to know him more first. And that's what I mean about popping up...
Infp
Heyyy guys so I have a few questions.  Background: I met an ENTJ a few months ago and we seemed to hit it off pretty fast. I was with my INFP boyfriend at the time, so I didn't think of him...
--or in a long term relationship with, I suppose. What types are best for us ENTPs long term, in your opinion? I'd just like to know what types you all get along with best in the long run, as I am...
Yeah I should mention that that's just our thing. That INTP and I have known each other for years and we're pretty used to each other's weird Ne-Ti thoughts being vocalized.  Haha, yeah I bet so! I...
Haha actually I went through phases of INTP and even ISFJ behavior until I was about 13. I realized that my mother, an INFJ, was trying to make me a mini INFJ and I decided that I was going to be who...
ENTP.   I'm a moderate extrovert according to the actual MBTI test but I feel like an introvert pretty often. Like this weekend I did very little socializing and instead directed my energy...
Riiighhhttt. Mhm. That's why he was so excited about it.  I do believe I have insulted one!! ENTPs +1, INTJs 0
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/6b/d5/5c/6bd55caa84a7761775c8ba80bdeddc74.jpg  http://67.media.tumblr.com/3bc0e2e29360a454d3ef837fc89ee427/tumblr_mu03kn3Zpe1qzewdco1_500.jpg ...
AAAAH I LOVE FIXER UPPER!!! Chip reminds me so much of myself!! Just a little crazier lol. I typed him as ESTP but ENTP works, too, I think. Also I think she is ENFX, but that's just me.
Your personality type is: ENTP  Moderate Extraversion: 14/21 Clear Intuition: 23/26 Clear Thinking: 19/24 Very Clear Perceiving: 21/22   I find it interesting that most ENTPs here have...
ENTP and I have never gambled so I wouldn't know haha
Eh, I just broke up with an INFP boyfriend a month ago...the beginning was very much like you described, but in the last week of the relationship it all kinda fizzed out. And I ended it for various...
This is why I say INTJs have a sad sense of humor. It's like the other day, when an INTJ friend of mine held up a hand like this and asked how many fingers he was holding up: ...
Just the way she talks.  Of course I just got here sooo I'm totally capable of being wrong, however, most ENFPs I've met have similar ways of communicating. Also ENFPs doubt their type a LOT, since...
you seem enfp, man   also I like your avatar ;D
OH, oh and another question:  What do you guys like to do on dates???
First of all, rosequartz , I'm not an INTJ but, uh, that crush you have at the moment does not sound very INTJ.   ----   Also question: Is it normal for you guys to take breaks when you like...
I've been told I look like an INFJ and even act like it at times.  But, dude, I'm abrasive and I love to debate and I'm curious to a fault. I'm ENTP, then, right??/   Also I wonder if I'm INTP...
I agree. ISFJ is most likely your type.
Yeah, try Keys 2 Cognition. Also, I think you sound like an INXP for sure, but I'm leaning towards INTP.   When you said that in stressful situations you become more emotional, I thought of...
I LOOOOVVVVEEEE talking to INTPs. You guys are my best friends. You're horrible at texting and being social but you make up for it by being cute and nerdy and randomly asking questions like: What...
For other ENTPs, what do you define as falling in love? Have you ever experienced it? If so, how'd it turn out?
1) Intimacy means being at home with another human being in every sense of the word. Being able to talk about whatever I want and have my ideas listened to and even criticized/discussed, no matter...
You know you're an ENTP when you take an argument too far and only realize the damage you've done hours after it's already too late
Oh, the INFJ mask is really amusing. You guys have 0 problems, life is great! You try to relate to the people around you while simultaneously absorbing their innermost emotions and secrets and...
MBTI: ENTP Enneagram: 5w6 Hogwart: Ravenclaw Patronus: Ocicat/Marsh Harrier Wand: Dogwood wood with a unicorn hair core, 13  and unyielding flexibility Ilvermony: Horned Serpent
Is that sarcasm?
1) How are you today? I'm alright. I've been hanging out all day at home playing Overwatch, scrolling through memes, and arguing on this website, but that's about it. 2) What are you thinking of...
I had no idea the two were correlated, but alas! I have been enlightened.
Infp
Truly, my avatar gives off such an ISTP vibe. Hm...ISFP.
If ghosts are real, and demons are real, are they the same thing? Could a demon leave a ghost? Or is a ghost a demon...?
Enfj
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lmd1zkBiEe1qafrh6.gif
run away and never look back
ESTP  Mine's going to be quite easy haha
I have to say, all of the INTJs I know are total assholes when it comes to communication. In emails and texts, especially, but in person sometimes, too. I think it's like what  NewMango said, it's...
I think if I asked my ENFP friends to stay in touch with me after high school, they would. So I'd say it seems possible that it could work out, especially if you're in love. Go for it!
*raises hand*  My experience with one, though...it didn't work out.
My SO told me he loved me last night! I feel like a goof for still feeling elated, but I do.
Aaaand hey, sorry to butt in, but Brienne has actually been typed as ISTJ, so if you are ISFJ, that would make a lot of sense!  Game of Thrones: Brienne of Tarth [ISTJ] | Funky MBTI in Fiction
Not an INTP, but I'm close to it and this looked fun   Mother: INFJ Father: ESTJ Brother: ESFP  Haven't thought about their enneagram types much, but I'd guess my father is probably an 8, my...
This made me lol so hard. Anyways, welcome to PerC. Telling your friends how many hours you spend on this site will get you some weird looks, but it's worth it sometimes. We're all nerds here ;)
AlphaLeonis  It did, thanks! Though I would like to say that often when I'm in a bad mood, or at a weak point in life, I tend to start thinking about the past and I regret everything. When...'"


642: 6 years is a long time, what made you decide to reenlist and change jobs? Do you miss being in combat arms now that you're in a separate MOS? What branch is it under (Signal, MI, ect)? I feel like...
Four years later, my conclusions...   I drank the army cool-aid hard (I appogize for my last ridiculously enthusiastic post hah). If the army was everything it's supposed to be, ENTPs would be...
A little update with the ISFJ roommate:  We get along great and quite literally have never had a fight! We're good friends :) Fellow MBTI-ers, don't believe too much in duality and inter type...
I've heard that too, probably would have gone airforce if it was offered here :) The only thing is, Airforce is really full right now, everyone and their brother is trying to enlist/ROTC there...
Actually, that idea just gave me shivers.  If, for some reason, you decide to actually join the military, send me a message. Let's start a secret Militant ENTP Networking Association
Well, it's been awhile since I originally posted this and I thought I should come back and give an update :)  Joining ROTC (Reserve Officers Training Corps) is one of the best decisions I've ever...
Edit: This is me learning social tact
[I do apologize for the essay! It is a little long, but I added in lots of spaces :) ]   so anyway, the situation :D  I am a hopelessly love struck ENTP who has fallen hard for an INFP. We hang...
Then please refrain from posting
I have a disturbing feeling that this is going to be the case ... She's young, only like 16, and hasnt quite matured into a more accepting person yet. I think it wouldnt be such a big deal if I wasnt...
Wow an INTP in the marines, that would be a rough transition regardless of your background  So to you guys who were in the military, do you have any advice for getting along with superiors? I'm...
Ah but 4 years of hell instead of 10 years of paying off student loans is very tempting  I naturally have other, more abstract reasons for wanting to do this, but I'm lazy and dont really want to...
Thank you all for your advice! I'll post how it goes
I actually almost joined the marines lol but that was before I got into college  Thank you for the job advice! I was going to pick quartermaster lol, do you know anything about logistics? Maybe I...
would in person be better or over a message?
I just realized that last post was a little long-winded, sorry about that
I have a really great guy friend who is an INTP. He got a new girlfriend who is an ISFJ. Whenever I hung out with him and his gf I always felt that there was a bit of tension (maybe territorial?)....
So I've signed myself up for ROTC next year and I'm a little alarmed.  Who has had experience as an ENTP in the army? I'm mostly interested in what you found difficult to deal with and how you...
Oh you sweet and infinitely humble INFP's :) Your selflessness is outrageously cute. It blows my mind how you have so much intuitive power and intellectual potential, yet you just want to use it to...
Oh you sweet sweet and infinitely humble INFP's, its outrageously cute how you all feel compelled to apologize for the perceived flaws you think exist in your work :) keep up the beautiful writing!
Yeah the compulsive organizing and picky-ness was what I was referring to for Se (though to be serious I dont really understand Se). I'm usually super unorganized and care more about the point of my...
You do have a point here, but then why arent all the NT types so good at last minute? or are they? When under stress apparently INTP's become super melodramatic and feel sorry for themselves and have...
EDIT The ENTP uses Se when under stress sorry :)
When ENTP's are under stress, they go Si crazy and become obsessed with minor details. This comes in the form of extreme perfectionism so that the ENTP will either complete the task to perfection or...
I get horrible angry when I feel like I've been manipulated and I didnt catch it
sneak hug attacks, usually with more than one person. My f friends started doing this to me when the found out how ridiculously awkward I consider hugging. Those strange warm fuzzies are so...
thats sounds rough :( its great that your not trying to fight against yourself as much anymore though, especially after that situation with your friend! It is upsetting how so many people (like your...
homoflexible! Awesome term lol I love it hahaha   Well, after rewriting this message several times in an attempt to be sensitive, I have concluded that I really dont think I'm capable of not being...
hm good point, I do suppose I wasn't writing to my audience lol
Was it hard for you to accept?  I wonder if it would be a moral issue for you guys   and yes bi people are great as well :) :) :) Just doing some spontaneous learning :D
Gahhh forgot transgender! If you are transgender, feel free to just post with your vote
Do you guys exist??   please share your story :D
Will do ty for the advice!
Heyya friendly INFP's! So my best friend ( INFP female) of four years is at basic training at West Point right now and I dont know what to do. Well really the only thing I can do is write her letters...
hahaha yes from what I am reading it sounds like you should just be yourself. And if you end up stuttering and turning red after asking the question, she'll probably take it as a compliment and will...
Just like anything else, you start at the beginning when you learn something. Do you really think that an ENTP like myself wouldnt be able to survive in the wilderness  because I come from a place...
I agree. What ever you, try not to make him feel like you are there for him because he was there for you. When people do this with me, it turns the whole thing into like a business transaction. It...
I have an INFP friend who is a valedictorian (after taking all AP classes her high school career) She got some scholarship for having a 2200 something SAT    0.o   Intelligence is based on how...
wait whaaa?
The never ending battle. The only way I can do it is to talk to someone about the overall goal and get amped about it. For example, when I procrastinate on school work, I either go visit the college...
oh where to start  Its clear that your attempts at arguments are only a ploy to distract yourself from the obvious truth that you are truly just desperate and flawed. Picking pointless fights over...
feel free to start making sense - really anyday now ... or maybe your just high and thats why no one is getting what the FUCK your talking about  EDIT: no attack intended of course :)
1. who are you referring to?  2. seriously chill, you sound hella pissed   with no attack intended:happy:
:laughing:you pretty much took my entire scattered  thought process and put it into words. *claps* :proud: ty
But its a lie. I understand the need for emotional manipulation with people who cant handle/ would rather not handle the honesty, but I personally put my faith in the truth. Besides, most emotional...
hahahahahahah He does sound very ENTP-ish. He probably mulls it over because he's a T and doesnt naturally relate to feelings and knows he can be a little harsh. He cares about you and doesnt want to...
I think alot of times we dont really recognize what we feel. When someone asks me how I feel I subconsciously make a pro and con list and decide how I feel based on that. I neither know nor...
I LOVE NF's! :) they have a way of indirectly making me feel warm and fuzzy :crazy: which is really weird because I dont really get like that...like ever...  I feel like they make me feel more human...
honesty is a big one. I would rather be told the brutal truth then to be lied too. I respect people who are intellegent, but mature.   I think people who feel deeply are interesting but its not a...
why thank you:proud:"


649: Which type would be both strongly moral (opinion of right and wrong) while at the same time, detached/factual (analytical, not feeling-based etc)?   And because having even one issue that conflicts...
Broken Sword? xD Was Nico a character or something?  @Manticore Yes, when I think of that name I think of them [plus selena gomez /shot] and that's what you don't want when a name is supposed to...
Manticore My 'name' generates more jokes than nicknames T_T  I think Nico's masculinity is fine, because it sounds like both Nick and Nicole, like Jordan. Names like Aaron or James would...
vinniebob  of course, my apologies took you all day to scan identify the cluster of pixels by your screen i must appreciate that effort but how do ya do c;
vinniebob >:(
@AesSidhe oh god the ottokes and oppas and senpais  i feel you  Hm, given a choice, I don't want a common name nor an exotic sounding one like I'm trying to stand out but one that is...
@aesside Whoa, you're lucky you get to move around a lot o: Here, the country is small and its easy to encounter people you know everywhere, especially if you don't 'change schools' but rather move...
Those of you with normal sounding names, you guys have probably taken it for granted. But I can say that you do not want to be feeling the mental turmoil I'm facing now.   bit of history (only if...
Warning: Do Not Encourage
Barbarians  Barbarians do not mess around. They hunt the opponent's king from the beginning to the end of the game. They are attacking players who are willing to accept lots of risk, calculating...
personally, i'll follow authority so long the rules etc don't interfere with my interests authority is useful, they're commanded or created by people such as NTs  i don't actively seek to oppose...
The Hatter omg this is so late but   i'm on the list what that's nice c;
Quite a lot.  I'm Chinese, regarding race, but I was born in Singapore.  My parents though were from HongKong and Malaysia respectively, so I'm half those.  Funnily enough, I have several...
See that button there?  The one that says 'do not push'?  Yeah.
I can think of more than two c;   Name the favourite book of this generation.
It's fine ^^    Hmm well, there are these traits in undeveloped types. INTJs are more prone to that, like ENTJs as well. But a developed INTJ/ENTJ would account that there is always an unsure...
Furuba9000  OHAI SOMEONE MY AGE  welcome to perc!  appreciating is growing yes indeed, good job c; its not easy liking something about oneself that was initially disliked hope to see you...
ah i see in this point of view, its impossible to see who's actually accurate because the test results themselves aren't a 100% accurate portrayal and nobody's personality is exactly the same,...
okay xD
yeah you shouldn't have tried but its nice that you did,  its always nice to give people the benefit of the doubt c; unfortunately, in this case
@Mercury33  you seem interesting you speak like thor  but heck yes welcome c;
ironically that title itself has been used several times xDD  but anyway weelcome :D its nice here, if you're trigger happy, like me cough
drum roll  weeeeelcome :D
this is exactly why i love posting in forums so much xD i didn't take my comment on divergence seriously but now i see the possibilities   thank you like no really, thank you best bunch of...
would it? i have not said my opinion on this 'best typer' matter yet however  it would be superior i suppose, depending on the accuracy which is why i did not state 'better' in my actual question...
of course xD i cant even get angry like
MSI  hahaha don't even bother anymore from what i've just read in thie post this guy's a joke im laughingi  cant even
The way one perceives the world affects how they do things, is that not the case? Its because of some of these different mindsets that we're better at different things.    oh naw i wasn't going...
its absolutely fine  i'm not condemning or otherwise disapproving your way of presenting information  after all, i can't control that  i can only control what i have an inclination to read
exactly  different types have different skills, don't they?  so you're saying only experience matters?  everything requires some degree of experience, so why isn't everyone equally good at...
hornet  why? :o would there be something wrong in wondering who's most effective at typing?  or did you think it was keyboard typers
it is annoying to read  there is a reason paragraphing exists    exactly  it does fit each person specifically compared to the factions in divergent because it is possible to be both...
so you object to this thread but still would like to express your opinion  what's with the 'seriously' then? c:
this on the contrary is an excellent idea for an experiment  except not just satisfaction with teachers, but satisfaction in general in the effectiveness of their education/social life
first of all, i'm going to honestly say that i didn't read that enormous wall of text which seems largely repetitive and off point and also because i actually agree with youu200b on the against the...
@BigApplePi  he's just asking questions to form a more definitive judgement, its a way of gathering information.   if interrupting reflection time bothers you, i think you might be an intp
are your friends also entps?  do you get all your things done quickly?
let's watch and see c; oh well i don't think it'll be anything too serious though   Zero11 are you seriousing this thread, or that intps are that best?
entps need interesting people also it helps if they're good-looking don't forget that a certain level of mental capability is needed honestly, i think we might be the pickest people ever  but...
I haven't seen any threads debating the best typers yet (not typing like, keyboard i hope you got that) and I'm sufficiently curious so I thought I'd make one ^^  This is open to anyone with an...
u r entp like its very prominent you just pointed out all the entj traits that they share with entps  working as a team, trying to lead, that's young entping a more experienced one doesn't...
just reiterating because this is important  entps are the most introvertic of extroverts it's not surprising you feel that way  i personally am equally inclined to go for an overnight party as...
oh? this is your own personal projection of your status is candor considered lower than erudite? or abnegation more pathetic than dauntless?  each sector has their set of talents and abilities...
Bella2014 i'm kidding lmao xD when i comment it already subscribes
wait the ratios don't add up  say you earn 40K with 4 hours of work versus 400K with 80 hours of work  this means that every hour for the 1st case you earn 10K, and every hour for the 2nd case...
snort this whole thread  how do yu subscribe to this
i think they might be entps  because only entps would have both the intellect and enthusiasm to pursue such a job, and be more than moderately good at it  they read people pretty well, see...
honestly  imagine the world was like divergent  except the factions would be mbti, obviously  it would be brilliant
yeah i've got an intp friend, she's crazy, adhd, and we get along quite well  especially idea-wise/conversations  its like someone who can actually follow my train of thought??  one...
im dying like i can't even laugh its so dying  that was excellent idk or maybe its just the word cookie  your teacher though, too easily cowed"


660: 'I can relate to all of that well apart from the sleeping around. Maybe it's the lack of Fi that allows us to engage in double standards.
My best friend is ENFP she's more sensitive and uses her N to freak herself out she thinks of all the negative possibilities when dealing with friends or boys she likes, she rants about her feelings...
Thanks for this :D you're really pretty too :D
What is irrational about my thought pattern? How would you know if I haven't had a rational thought?
Ok believe what you want to believe. I do not let my beliefs hinder my judgement, if that's natural to you then that's okay. Everyone's entitled to their own opinions.
Ok clearly have some personal issues you need to deal with, come back when you can actually be logical. All I'm doing is giving you solutions for your problem, if you do not want to take it, then...
Soul doesn't only rely on religion :s, it's linked with Dualism too. Anyway, the baby is developed enough to be living at around 4 months.
Hate watching sports, I rather do it myself. Although I love theoretical things, I hate theory of sports or sport science. I rather do it myself, the only types of sports I can watch are running,...
4 months is officially when the baby is living, before that it's just potential life. It has no soul, just a ball of cells, therefore if Abortion is done, no harm is made.
Are you in an Islamic State? You say Dr Zakir Naik isn't there to help anyone learn yet he has released a number of DVDs and books how to pray salad  the 5 pillars, 6 beliefs etc. He directly quotes...
Peronally pro-life, however I would allow pro-choice legally, but it needs to be restricted. All rights must be restricted if they harm another li, and abortion, if done too late actually kills a...
We'd probably be an independent gang that wouldnt have any secure allies and would not hesitate to backstab anyone. We'd be this ruthless cutthroat gang that the rest of the criminal world would hate...
Yes I do, I bet I'll be bombarded with questions, but that's ENTPs for you. The thing about being a Religious Rational is that I can try to logically answer why I believe in God and not take offence...
Really big Tesco/Sainsbury's which would provide me with everything, clothing, cultery, food, DVDs, Games, Headphones, cleaning products etc, and a book shop like Foyle's.
I used to have a lot of why questions, and then I came across a hadith that said constant doubt comes from Shaitan, and it made sense because I'd have random questions like 'I wonder why Shirk is the...
Yeah I get what you mean, Islam is really immense, although no need I can see the goodness behind it I guess. I guess it would go against 'liberalism' but then I guess true liberalism can never be...
I don't want to have them either, but then I don't want to be in a care home when I'm old, who knows what abuse I'd face and I do not want to die alone. However I'm deathly afraid of childbirth, and...
I'm not sure. I think my political views would lie on the example of Islam around the four rightly guided caliphs and the golden age of Islam. Right now I'm neither left or right. Neither is Islamic...
I'd choose option 1, I'd live like a princess, and only work for 4 hours, how sick is that?? I'm a low-maintenance girl so I don't really care about a lot of money. With all my spare time, I could...
Yeah that's what I meant sorry :p
Oh yeah I get it. Then on a legal basis, I'd be pro-choice, but on a moral basis I'd be pro-life.
The slashers are funny. I love horror comedies. But psychological horror effing scares me, not while I'm watching it, but when I think back on it before I go to sleep, my head goes into Ne overload,...
Isn't that generalising pro-lifers? Not everyone is like that, what happened to the objectivity of the ENTP, I'm afraid it's gone down the drain for you atm.
I'm mainly pro-life with exceptions I guess. I think if you're going to have an abortion have it early before 3 months, because if it's past that it's essentially murder :dry:. A woman in the UK got...
It's cool how you took the time to analyse them all, makes sense. So then who are the most closest to then out of all the types? Which person do you have the most disagreements? and How are...
I answer the question. I mean what I say most of the time. I'm hardly the type of person to say mean and hurtful things out of emotional incapability. I say what I mean, and if it hurts I'm sorry for...
Happens to me all the time. I hide it well though, most of the time. When I insult people or I'm being sarcastic, I always have a smile on my face. People call me 'Miss Right' because I've always got...
Erm....your point is?
Because I said so
Yeah I was a tomboy all my life. Then my mum forced me to stop wearing tracksuits and looking boyish around 13 years old. After that I've appreciated dressing femininely and wearing make-up. But...
Why not?
Actually my Ne gets worse when I read fiction, I get distracted by my own thoughts, imagining myself in the story, and how I would change the plotline. But I don't care. I love fiction and fantasy...
I like Classical. My favourite piece is Pachelbel Canon. Rock is my favourite genre especially J-ROCK like ONE OK ROCK. Three Days Grace etc. I also like Eminem, Tupac, and Macklemore. Pop I like...
I turn into a giddy, lovestruck teenager (even though I'm one) but on the inside. On the outside I act like my normal self. When I like someone I become more self-conscious i.e. putting lip balm on...
I calm down by thinking of something else, or distracting myself with something, so by the time I think about my problem, my emotions are in check and I can assess the problem.
Lol! Wow. I was like her when I was a teengaer. The one thing that kept me on track was fear of my mum. She'd beat the crap out of me. An ENTP won't be swayed by emotion or the 'right' thing. It...
Wow, you don't know how much of a breath of fresh air this comment is. I always never understood why I could never cry but I get it now. I guess we might use apathy as a defense mechanism. I also...
OMG same here. When my grandparents died, I couldn't cry. I felt like such a dick, to see my mum breaking down, telling me how cold hearted I am. Yet I cry over pathetic things in anime. I guess...
Probably an F who said it.
Best thing you can do is surround yourself with ENTPs for while. Which you did, I've felt that way, even in my own home. Living with SFs is not so easy, especially living in an SF dominated world,...
Anime. Basically anything fictional or based on fiction/sci fi/supernatural apart from vampire shit. That got ooooolllldddddd. The only 'live action' shows I like are 8 out of ten cats, Nevermind the...
Well you guys are a lot more meticulous than us. Our carelessness would probably drive you crazy. And we'd think that you make a big deal out of nothing, and you're a drama queen. Basic conflict...
How about I'm not proud of being an ENTP. I'm proud of being me.
Oh well, you could say that your thinking is a delusion that everything around us is a hallucination. The hallucination is world that was created by our own ego for the purpose of protection. We as...
Trust me, I'm more introverted now, I doubt I'd want another me. I'm crap at small talk and people's first impression of me, is most of the time negative. Maybe introverts have this air of mystery...
I hate individuals not people as a whole. I wouldn't want to be lumped with another prick for doing nothing, so I wouldn't do the same to others.
Did this actually work? Did you attract an INFJ?
Same. I'm 18, but in UK born and bred. I'll think about it. It'll take effort penpalling
Now that I think about it, it does sound like an F rant. But yeah the one value I would really hold tight to is fairness. If that's breached my Fe is uncontrollable. Most of the time I'm apathetic,...
Well then next time the ones that don't do their homework, get them to be your errand boys and girls for week. So basically they have to miss their break times, lunch times and stay in after school...'"


668: 'Dear everyone ( including most entps ) , we are not lazy unless we are uninterested ; so stop saying we are bitches and be interesting Sincerely , ENTP P.S : I know this is a ( dear entp...
HOW TO ADD YOURSELF TO THE LIST:   Please use Reply with Quote on the latest post with a table  Remove the [ QUOTE ][/ QUOTE ] tags from the post so the next person can qupte the updated table ...
Katniss Everdeen intj , istp Peeta Mellark isfp ,enfx  Gale Hawthorne entx Primrose Everdeen I dont know xsfj , xxfx Effie Trinket esfp , any other suggestions ???, she maybe an esfj Cinna enfx...
Yeah I think it does and the complement is number 9
When you are uncertain of anything even the fact that you are not certain of anything
Or not secretly
The people I want them to like me like me, and the people that I don't want them to like me don't  And it is not dependent on weather I liked them or not
I bet you have an fi function somewhere maybe as your first , second or third function but it is obvious , and you care too much about what people think to be an NT
I love to play sports , almost every kind there is
when I fail myself
I think no one wants a pissed off ENTP but this whole thing used to work on me when I was 14 but now I don't fall for it , so you have to think of something else  ENTPs adopte you can piss them off...
You are apolagizing but we are not the one who is mistaken , the world sees us as people who are annoying , arrogant and alot to take beacause they can't think beyond the possibilty that we are that...
Sorry , didnt want to spend the next hour clkcking enter
Username Core type Secondary type Tertiary type Instinctual subtype francescleary 1w2 3w2 8w9 deSouza 1w2 7w8 2w3 sx/sp/so Trivial 1w2 7w8 3w4 so/sp/sx wohonajax 1w9 5w6 2w3 so/sx/sp William I am 2w3...
I hate people who say that  they think everyone  is good and deserve a second chance and at the first thing you do and it is not in their playbook they turn on you and think you are the wicked witch...
Japanese , French , Swedish
You must set clear boundries of how she should interact with you , and make sure that she never cross them in anyway
Wow , it exposed  our inner demons , so acurate ,
I would prefer a NT child ,
Yes it does happen alot (mostly) unconsciously , I do it because I knew what they are going to say
I wonder if you ever heard about math anxiety ,  it is basically a developed fear of math due to past excperiance , no matter how good you actually are at math or logic your brain just shuts down ,...
3w2 7w8 8w7
when you make acquaintances & strategies for the sake of your future devilish plan , even if you don't know what future devilish plan  is  when you do almost nothing ,  just because you know almost...
to get out
This is exactly my problem , & you said it happens during teen years only well I hope so , it does hold me back alot  I have  started to try & solve this problem for good , I started pushing myself...
This is exactly my problem , & you said it happens during teen years only well I hope so , it does hold me back alot  I have  started to try & solve this problem for good , I started pushing myself...
36 , & then my mum made me sleep ( I'm still 15 )
To change the world , discover alot of things & have fun
I wonder if you ever heard about math anxiety , well it is basically a developed fear due to past excperiance no matter how good you actually are at math , your brain just shut down , you can look up...
Do you like being different or do you like fitting in with crowd , what kind (or kinds ) of music do you like and do you prefer being with people or alone ???
so true
Hi everyone, so I was wondering which types like ENTPs the most except for the the rather obviouse NTs of course I always sensed that most types were kind of  impressed & intimidated by us , or I...
it is not , just tell her in the... what is the right word I guess the smothest way possible , just be honest ,
Murder is good for the enviroment ,  it is only natural Stupid people deserve to die , they just make everything slower & harder , the only problem is the definition of clever is not very specific...
I just wanna say that me being smarter than most people is not cocky it is just the thruth
ironman is definitely an ENTP
I think most of ENTPs want love but not as it is defined today , personally when I feel emotions it is always intense but I can just change feelings (or not feel at all)  when my mind or intitution...
I think the best way to finsh things is to intensely focus on a few things at a time like if you want to read a whole book without leaving it midway , just every time you get bored read  another one...
I think the best way to finish things & achive more is to intensely focus on a few things at a time like if you want to read a whole book without leaving it midway , just every time you get bored...
It happens unconsciously but I started to notice it when I read books about body language , sometimes it is weird cause I start chameleoning their accent and voice but I started to control it now ,...
I never really cared about anything or anyone in my life excpet maybe for Doctor who & mathematics
You will in the present but not in the future ,'"


676: 'Lol. All right dude, I'm glad you found your Bible in Festinger's theories....or from whatever textbook you're pulling this from.  You do realize that what you claim is rooted in the philosophy of...
The comment made was made referring to the unwarranted assumptions, biases and lack of critical reasoning in these types of threads.   There was no intellect vs feeler paradigm stated or implied. ...
Thanks.  Can't reply to your e-mail because of post count.
Well I think it's time to move on. @digitalbum was the last straw for me.    I'm glad I discovered MBTI and if one thing surely cemented my conviction of being ENTP it was not only the interaction...
series0 I think you need to learn that all the people who disagree with you are not necessarily immature, emotionally reactive, entrenched in their beliefs or misunderstanding you.  They may simply...
Well I see digitalbum has been banned.  It just goes to show all the NTs out there who are so proud of their intellects....you can be completely declawed by nothing more than someone's hurt...
You talk of this mechanism of distillation of Truth by the collective wisdom and then reject one of the principle perceptions of that collection, re God as an active agency...a Being with a will. ...
Imagine your perfect guy.   He's a loser compared to us.
But it's not a matter of the letter of the law, it's a matter of how it's applied by the cops who have some discretion.  I mean isn't that a fundamental criticism of feminism,,,that there are glass...
I know right?  First they tell you it's in your Nature. Then they blame you for acting within your Nature.   It's like that other theory with all the unwarranted assumptions about Original Sin and...
Why assume we are?  I mean MBTI itself is about the unconscious drives and motivations which color our perceptions of reality. Being an ENTP is to see the word like an ENTP.  Forcing me to act like...
This is always the problem....and it is a fundamental mindset intrinsic to most people.    Which also makes it a fundamentally useful tool for controlling most people.
Jesus is a fictional character too. The Bible is not his biography.  Besides turn the other cheek is not exactly kick ass  Which Western Power is a Tyrrany?  Unbridled competition also is the...
Assumptions assumptions.....I studied three years of Classical Greek in school :cool:  Socrates didn't merely put his life on the line.  Socrates actually sacrificed his life for his convictions...
My parents were ESTJ and ESFJ.....kinda sounds like ENTP hell  growing up...well there was plenty of love...but not much understanding which was frustrating.  Plus I come from Pennsylvania where...
You quote Tu quoque  as if we're having some sort of logical debate rather than a -discussion-.  This is an Internet forum for bullshitting....not a UN panel to decide the fate of women.  People...
Well 2+2=4 looks pretty obvious, right? If you ask everyone they'll all agree.  If I put two apples next to another two apples I have four apples. But that's not good enough. The statement 2+2=4...
No, because I reject the assumption that you can even know what's wrong in the first place.  You can only tell what's different.    The strongest example of this is in modern psychology: ...
Don't tell her you have a crush on her....makes you sound like you're 12.  Ask her out on a date.  She either wants you or she doesn't.  If she does great.  If she doesn't....don't waste time...
:wink:  I figured I'd try a different approach.
I rarely say this kind of shit...but really...sometimes I wish there were an NT secret language.
Most of the ENTPs here seem to be pretty non-religious.  I think it's just the general 'bullshit detection' mode of ENTPs that cause them to reject religions and eventually just realize the whole...
I hear bowling is very popular in Japan.  http://img355.imageshack.us/img355/1528/crazyfashion2zm8.jpg
Hey...we just found out the first rule of feminism is that you're not allowed to mock women.  Forgive us.  They forgot about the ENTP forum apparently.  I'm going to have digitalbum put in a cilice...
I never said you mocked women.  I realized you were being facetious.   But if rule one of feminism is that they can't mock themselves...well...got to say...that's a pretty shitty uptight...
Well it's a cochucka.  I dunno.  I can't really describe it to you.  I mean it's sorta like a prayer, but not really a meditation.  And I guess you call an in-depth conversation a cochucka, but maybe...
Here's a good book on this topic by the way:       Feminists hate his guts so you know he's pressing on a nerve.
Happened with my ISFJ brother --- he's the typical ISFJ sensitive introvert who's happiest making people around him happy.  He got so drilled into the ground by her relentless harping he wound up...
I had a racist joke, two pedophile comments, and an oblique INFJ insult ....but...my pasta is ready so I'm gonna quit while I'm ahead and go eat.
Make-up sex is always the best...especially if you've just met the person.
Everyone know what a cochucka is...it's a ....cochucka.  The answer is obviously B.  If you knew what a cochucka is you'd be able to see that.
I think we're pretty safe from Mongol invasions.   But how you can put Socrates and Snowden in the same sentence is beyond me.     He was so interested in privacy and intellectual freedom he...
Well I dunno if bowling sucks...but I know I suck at bowling.
Yes.  I already made a post about it.
How's this?  93026
The Greatest Good for the Greatest Number.  You've rediscovered Utilitarianism :wink:  Utilitarianism - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia   But your example is not an ideal by the very nature of it...
Meh.  Being evil is too much work.  In a way it means you have know the rules as must as the good guy.  Isn't it more fun to ...adjust....the rules on the fly and watch as the rule-followers dance...
:laughing: I've destroyed Mr. Potato Head -everywhere-:laughing:
Bah.  No love for me.  Fine.  I'll go over to the INFJ forum and get some attention.
Do you think that's because they're afraid of losing the guy because getting a new one is difficult?  Do you have some women who act all obeisant in order to keep a man as well?   p.s. I would...
Yes you're correct things like circles are Ideals in the sense that they cannot be realized ....any circle you draw is actually a 3 dimensional object and jaggy under a microscope etc etc etc. ...
Downs syndrome is cause by having an extra 13th chromosome.  It's not really a good example because it's a matter of an error in the genetics not simply a natural variation.  Let's look at natural...
Lol....welcome to the ENTP forum....where everything is an argument.  Do me a favor and quote Mr. Potato Head...I want to try something.  93011
There are some reasons to watch it..... Pictures & Photos of Bridget Regan - IMDb
Apparently you've never read the -volumes- of feminist complaints over the years about the Lord of the Rings or the Hobbit's lack of female characters.
You posted a picture of a public landmark.  I guess I just don't see the privacy issue.   And really I think it's a bit much to expect people to PM you in an effort to protect your privacy when you...
It's curious you use the term boy despite the fact that you're 29.  Isn't this what the discussion is all about?
The June Cleaver traditional housewife is more Hollywood stereotype than fact.  Same with single parent homes.  In researching my family history I was surprised at just how many of my ancestors...
Creepy?  I mean it's not like you posted a picture of your house.  And in any case...even if you did post a picture of your house...it's more than likely Google would be useless for that.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vW54lAtldI'"


679: 'could say like 75-80% by choice, but i'd still be interacting with people in some form during that time  if i had a car the number might drop to ~60% and i'd be out but not full-on interacting with...
possibly
a lot. the lyrics can determine whether i really like a song or not. i listen to a lot of electronic/upbeat stuff and like that just fine even if there aren't lyrics/if the lyrics don't mean anything...
muh shoulder when i was carrying her
a mix of myself and i have no fucking clue, with some for the people i love in there
I don't have any entp siblings of the opposite gender, but I do have an intp brother who is 3 years younger than me (i'm an entp female) As the older sibling I find that I can get away with more...
well said
i'm usually attracted to high Ne. Ne with Fi is fine if the person doesn't get triggered all the time
it's normal. no one would consciously choose to hang out with a person who doesn't have anything interesting to say or contribute to a conversation. especially with the tendencies of Ne to seek out...
Iago from Othello could be an entp, it's been a while since I read that
i think you would switch the 5 and 6 alignments. 6 would be lawful out of loyalty or worry of facing consequences (lawful subtypes) where 5 has no real obligation to adhere to the law and play fair...
Yea
SO blind spot - finds it hard to concern self with anothers agenda, dismissive. When the social instinct is least developed, the individual is going to find it difficult to see why it is important...
if there's an nf orgy count me in, i'll be honorary nf for the time being
sure
as an sx dom (see: instinctual variants) i experience this alot- attraction without any attached emotional meaning; being in love with the idea of being with someone. though i'm also an entp
probably infp
cats r beautiful
wot
for some reason i find that i'm attracted to infps.. or possibly the idea of them (over infjs). i probably wouldn't be able to handle the fi though :p
yes
why would you rub a pen? to heat up the ink and make it flow easier?
that idea is brought up for many illnesses, specifically mental illnesses regardless of proof. the illness isn't man made but the concept of it could be. you'll hear people say that about adhd as...
[emoji14]
tru
ENTJ  tmlt be an obvious thinker when typed by anyone around them
when was the last pi day that was on a friday
why fall in love with a male enfp when you could fall in love with a female entp instead ;)  although enfp/infp works decently well in my book
INTPs. they don't have that obnoxiousness to them, they're introverts, they're chill, and they make great partners in crime.  I've never befriended an obvious ENTJ (though i suspect they would be...
you
you can go out and buy pens at any nearby walmart
i love pens
for lack of effort to get up and consume anything better: xntp  tmlt be in love with love rather than love anyone
why else would i befriend someone
tru
infj
istp  https://youtu.be/cDEUNh_kOIc
https://youtu.be/dQLngV189IU
https://youtu.be/2pY_WobtVuQ
istp
that might be a subcategory of what sadness is. it sounds like grief mixed with guilt
who are you?
enfp  tmlt commit suicide because they just got too bored with life
esfp 4w20
maybe
estp
yis
hey bb
and that's when the quote actually died out  really, it's time to move on guys - intp's aren't that great anyway
Maybe you need to calm the fuck down'"


695: 'This is brilliantly put. The other day, I was accused of being a brown-noser at work to my boss (a badass ENTJ who I really respect), and it was the best thing ever when I quick-glanced at him and he...
It was definitely more of a quiet rebellion: if I was told not to do something but not given a sufficient (to me, at least) reason why I could/should not do the thing, I would nod, agree with the...
I need help, here.   How do you guys 1) prioritize 2) get motivated then 3) follow through?
Love you forever.
need to remember.
There are actually very few photos that exist of me smiling so openly. Most of my smiles are hella smirk-y. I like it also for that reason.
I'm disappointed that you're so disillusioned by an attractive female that you'd assume me to be an F.   But anyway, I think I can kind of hide behind it, because it allows me to assess others...
LOLOLOL @     But for real, if you can't hang and banter back and forth with us, it's highly doubtful there's going to be any kind of meaningful night to be had.   Especially if you've gotta...
It seems that it's very dangerous for people like us to become attached to people who don't always say what they mean.   I'm so brainwashed I think it's only females who play...
It's so frustrating to wait on other people to get their end done when you (and oftentimes, they) know you could easily, feasibly, happily do it yourself.   The unchallenged, untouched channels...
I can't discern if serious or not.
I was so happy to read your perspective on an ISTJ male-ENTP female relationship.  When you said you felt an immediate comfort with your husband, I related a lot to that. Luckily, I am pretty...
This gal gets it.   Aren't people always saying something about INFJs being unusually in tune with the ways ENTPs think?
If I'm working on something, I super-focus to the point of tuning out everything around me.   A minute before I could've been bantering with my department, but as soon as something work-related...
Here's what happened:  Your conversation intrigued him, he was genuinely interested (as evidenced by his animated reactions), but then something ELSE intrigued him during your conversation. At that...
That is what it comes down to. Unf. Succinct as shit.
Because all of you SFJ fuckers don't understand the concept of fair indebtedness.   We will ask for a favor only of people we either: a) know from experience won't manipulate us or b) we have...
Fucking <3  Especially what I bolded. It's so sad - if we give enough of a fuck to try and soften the blow it's because we give a shit about you (unless it's the complete opposite, where we don't...
Keep those out of this!   ....... :wink:
-
Wut   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
^^^^^   z33b0p - Tinychat  there're a few of you magnificent creatures in here at the moment, but there's always room for more!
^^^^   z33b0p - Tinychat  Let's get some old school (and new school!) people in here. It's been much too long!
.... lol
Fucking brilliantly put.
189850  Smirkin'
............... 9 weeks, dude.
Start here: do what you want to do, and stop putting off basic needs (i.e. sleeping) for someone else.   You're also being quite passive aggressive: because you know that you are blowing off...
This. I know I'm personally very interested in undercutting a bully and then stepping back after I've done my job. I'm rarely if ever interested in the aftercare of the one/s that were being bullied....
119890  New.
I started a post on this same shit a long while back:   http://personalitycafe.com/intp-forum-thinkers/152609-gullible-vs-naive.html
Heh. I'm told this all the time.  I think it's got something to do with how we can swing from know-it-all to shockingly naive in downwards of 5 seconds. I'm told it's endearing or some such shit.
When we pay attention to shit you like - ESPECIALLY if we either don't like it or don't care about it personally. When we bring you your favorite drink/remember what you like to eat and make it for...
This guy isn't gonna budge from what he wants, nor will he magically capitulate to an ultimatum (which you know). Wish him well on his journey, then bounce!!
But when it comes to validation, are the validations/compliments of those who we can manipulate into saying them even worth it?
I feel like an F would be able to express themselves better, though, and as a result get the validation they wanted/required.  Probably through fishing for compliments though, which we refuse to do.
Word.
How so?
.... which makes people irritated at you because they are so fooled by your aloofness that they mistake it for arrogance and are pissed that you seem to be fishing for compliments. When really it's...
AGREED! I despise when people fish for compliments, and I (almost) hate it more when I do give someone a compliment and they wave it away. I couldn't begin to count the number of times I've said to...
I guess it is kinda this, too... my experiences when someone HAS reinforced my idea, or at least re-explained it back to me in such a way that I know they know what I meant, have been the most...
!!!!!!! SPOT ON.   And it isn't fair to people who get close to us under the guise of us not needing much (if any) positive reinforcement. Like, I project such an air of aloofness, but it's mostly...
One of the biggest differences between INTPs and ENTPs seems to be our (ENTP) need for validation. I wrestle so hard with this, because it's so counterintuitive to my various intellectual outputs;...
I like to be submissive. I wouldn't be sexually interested in a relationship where my partner was used to playing the submissive one.   However, I also think I'd enjoy being the dominant one, if...
Ah. Well. Dismiss them, yes. BUT, learn to do so in such a way that you leave them in an afterglow of admiration for you. Sure, yeah, I know: you're smart so why should you interact with those...
Thing is, you probably are smarter than a majority of those around you, and always will be!   But what good is that if you're holed up in your room all the time, unable to spread and share your...
Awwww, this is what I like to see! OP, you would do well to reflect on things jdstankosky says to you. He isn't wrong, and any continued resistance is futile, really.
OP. Dude. Objectively, it's improbable that you, at 16, are smarter than everyone around you. I'll give you that perhaps a majority of the people around you are intellectually deficient, but it just...
God, you're perfect.
How wonderfully put:    I paraphrased the above to the guy I'm dating and he agreed with me and said he'd noticed some distance between us lately too, and that I put into words about what he was...'"


696: 'Have to say I was pretty surprised to come back to nine notifications, all of them thanks from this thread, after almost a year.
Usually just avoid the threat of rejection all together by not putting myself out there. Real healthy.
Awh. Sundays aren't really my forte. :(
I fell asleep. :P Perhaps I'll have more luck next time.
<3  How about tonight? :D
Aaand I missed it. :(
I'm jealous of @userslon and her amazing powers of necromancy! But hey! I'm sure if she really gave it a try, she could find an even older thread about something we've seen on the subforum ten times...
Seems to me like we're sometimes portrayed like this:     This is not something I condone, or even remotely recognise myself in. Now I realise we might seem random (At least I'm pretty darn sure...
Reddit, with reddit enhancement suite and safe for work mode turned on, TVtropes, Stumbleupon, youtube. Oh and www.udacity.com if I'm in the mood for being semi-productive and spending my time...
Astronaut, Deep sea submarine operator, fighter jet pilot, computer engineer.  And now, well, I flunked one exam, so I'm not a computer engineer yet... Maybe next year.
Have you tried telling him?
Was going to write the same thing. I think a big part of this might stem from ecstasy and other drugs, and then they just keep dancing for hours and hours while drinking way too little. (And perhaps...
I had a great time being drunk on TinyChat the other day, you should try that. :)
It gets better with time. That's all.
Come on! More people!
Yepp.  Especially the part where people think I'm angry and aggressive. Though, once people get to know me they realise that's not true.  I also have a huge problem with people who would rather...
Too much work. Fine idea though.
http://i.imgur.com/Ylijt.gif
Munchkin, Settlers of Catan, Monopoly, Pathfinder (Dungeons and dragons), Risk, Zombie Dice. I'm not too big on favourites, it changes constantly, and it all changes according to setting and mood,...
Ile.
If the title of this thread is true.. Well, at least we got numbers to keep us company. :)
Yep! Often. I completely butcher words, and go blh, not what I was trying to say, let me try that again.   Sometimes I swap the first letters of two following words with each other; oach...
As an ENTP, this is a lot of fun. Looking over to the ENTJ, watching the gears grind for a moment (I already know what's going to happen, and what needs to be done.) when something needs to be done,...
And we're done. Pack it up boys.
Well, if you consider a future college graduate with no working experience in the business to be perfect, I certainly wouldn't turn down and offer to be part of that.
15 credits short of a B.Sc in computer engineering, hopping from the local college to the University of Oslo to fill in the last credits and pick up a B.Sc and possibly a M.Sc in nano electronics if...
True, true. The taxes are high, but then again, so are the salaries. The middle class family is a lot better of here than in most other places of the world.  Oh and should you ever decide to skip...
Norway. :)
Large pizza with Peperoni(LOTS AND LOTS), beef, (CRISPY!!)bacon, hold the pineapple, chopped onion. I'll take that order with a large bottle of Coke and some barnaise sauce on the side, thanks. Yes,...
My uncle took up silversmithing as a hobby a few years back, he mostly focused on creating viking-jewlery. He gave me a small knife looking thing made out of silver on a thin round leather strap, I...
u200b.
Work out regularly?  If not, Try it, I know it's hard, especially the regularly part. Also, eating enough, is obviously essential.
Ah! This is good! Russians, people in black and white, stripy prison suits, Brown trench coats and fedoras and tabloids with holes cut in them to look trough, orange prison outfits, british spies,...
I.. how- Don't even. Is th, 20some?! Oh God, my brain!
Occasionally. Mostly only when drinking, but I'm trying to cut back on that, seeing how bad it is for your health and all.  I do use snus, as @DiamondDays mentioned earlier, though. On a regular...
That last idea sounds great..u200b
Lucky Number Slevin. I can't believe no one has mentioned this movie yet, after seeing the lists of movies on here, it can't possibly be because there isn't a single INTJ who likes it.  ...
When I'm done with my education, (whenever that might be) I hope to work in private sector in long hour, high stress job, take on as much as possible and really burn the candle at both ends, save up...
I was given one of those large Calvin and Hobbes books as a gift when I was 10. Still one of my most prized possessions. :)
ctrl-shift-esc to get directly to the task manager in windows. No need for ctrl-alt-del, then clicking the Open task manager. button.  Beware, if you didn't know this, and frequently use the task...
You really have a zen thing going. I like it. :)  Oh and I derailed yet another thread. My apologies, I don't even know how it keeps happening.
So, you're saying ENTPs are the dumb NTs? ;)
I disagree with you completely. It's not narrow-minded to have a physical preference to someone, purely based on aesthetics. That sounds more like the kind of thing you can't help. It's not a...
I think I read somewhere that after the first three months, you shouldn't be allowed to choose anymore. If I remember correctly that's the system we have in Norway. But later abortions are allowed...
Also, I wouldn't say that it's impossible for an ENTP to have systems and make plans.
You would rather solve with violence what could be solved with diplomacy and rational thinking? I can't respect that. You talk about users of violence with disgust, and I agree. Doesn't blindly...
@chessio  They are rarer than a lot of other cases, but unfortunately they are not as rare as they should be. (There shouldn't be any such cases.) I find that when arguing with those who are...
Wouldn't you also agree that it's better for a 17 year old rape victim who lives on her own and is already having a hard time supporting herself, should be allowed to choose wether or not she wants...
This is me, for pretty much anything I find amazing, interesting, fun. I'm usually not at all excited or very much so.
An old movie called 'The Shining' GUFFAW! Let me just polish my film-snob monocle while I talk in a condescending tone.  Jokes aside, you're technically right, it's an old movie, it's ten years...'"


702: 'http://swansonquotes.com/wp-content/uploads/s05-ep01-veggies2-1000x500.jpg
What I do after I hurt my loved one is that I make my whole world about him, so it's obvious I'm doing the best I can to help him feel better after my fuck-up. I aim to make him feel safe around me...
@Freeflowingthoughts  My psychologist has ADHD, and she got her PhD while having 3 grand-kids to take care of because her daughter is a drug addict. I mention that to explain the level of stress...
Your friendly neighborhood Spiderman has arrived.  https://media.giphy.com/media/3oEduRoIkJ1pJsutzy/giphy.gif  https://media.giphy.com/media/y9bsry0lwu6uQ/giphy.gif ...
Student.  I used to be an art major, wanting to be an animator, illustrator & comic artist. Changed it to computer science and the goal was to go to graduate school for artificial intelligence. ...
At the height of my dysfunctional upbringing, there was a point where I broke down screaming at my parents because they were trying to make me clean my room, and I was so against it because my room...
INTPs. All of the ones I've met are a bunch of lovable babies.
http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/arifureta-shokugyou-de-sekai-saikyou/images/3/30/Rainbow_puke.gif/revision/latest?cb=20160304082136  Basic Questions:  1) Age or Age Range? 19  2) City,...
I was stressed the last 3 months, but March & April were the worst. During that time frame, I attempted to dump my bf once and then officially dumped him the second time I tried. I was falling out of...
I saw it mostly in the INTJ forum, and it might be the people who are trying hard to be NT/INTJ that act like this. It's like they wallow in not being able to handle the physical world and people. I...
Being petty really drains my energy. It can be fun though, if you got nothing else to do.
I just got home from watching this movie a second time, and I still don't see how Captain America was a douche... which shows my immaturity. Maybe it's because I knew what was going to happen that...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFU_wJes-xE
I don't hate the function, but all the terrible friendships I've had were with people with Fi in their stacking, lol.
Meditation makes me brain dead.
It was accurate and convincing to the point that I got my head out of my ass and went from INTJ -> ENTP.
No goddamn it. I wish I did, but I believe I wasn't blessed with that ability because I would annoy the hell out of everyone by singing everywhere all the time... that's what I tell myself to ease my...
I always reply quickly to messages I want to reply and ignores those that I don't want to. However, because my mind goes really fast, it takes a lot of mental energy to reply to heavy questions, so...
Tired of all these intuitive types being inadequate in navigating social situations or understanding people, ffs. If you're all so smart, you should just be able to see patterns in how people...
I hate to eat ass.
Yeah, you need to smack him in the face. He ain't gonna care until you do, or at least won't pay attention to your feelings unless you say it directly to him that you're displeased with him.
Looking at this forum makes me doubt being an INTJ again. Maybe I'm actually a goddamn ENTP like when I first took that test. Being type 7/8 throws me off, lol.  RIP ME.
Y'all can make me cringe so hard sometimes...  https://m.popkey.co/c3e1c7/ldbWK_s-200x150.gif
They really don't understand what sociopath even means. If they had to choose any psychological term, it'd be schizoid.  I need only one deep emotional connection in my life, and I'm good.
Nah, bruh, I start to hallucinate and shake, but before that happens, like when I'm pulling a nighter, I actually feel refreshed and my mind is racing... of course that crashes and burns.  The...
I'm probably going to end up in a common law marriage soon... when I get the money to cough up a fat gold ring for my bf.  https://sarabynoe.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/help-me-im-poor.gif?w=620
YES, thank you. I never even heard of the term mindmate, and when I saw it now, my first thought was Why the fuck would I want someone probing me mentally? I didn't think it was some nerdy version...
I want to fucking scream to the world how these last couple days are the best I've ever felt in my fucking life.
My xNTP boyfriend did that and still does that 4 years later. It's very sweet. We always exchange pictures of what we're doing, too.
Were any of those girls that wanted to be friends with interesting to you at all? I recommend maybe keeping in touch with those women who trust you enough to consider you friends and don't put your...
I'd like to join in, but I don't think I've made myself present enough on the forum. :l It doesn't hurt to try. (I also just posted a new, updated enneagram questionnaire)  It has an ugly title.
https://66.media.tumblr.com/9423201f6b6ec674bedf7d90f2bf803e/tumblr_np5d5fCOmR1saqt26o1_r1_500.gif
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40XR-A6-e38
Baby Spidey
INTP??   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40XR-A6-e38
Because I'm too self-interested to naturally care for others without extra work and thinking. It's not like I hate people, that's too much energy, I just never had to do it before until now. :l
Decided to delete rip me
Yeah I'd date someone like that but I wouldn't take the dating seriously at all unless I find it worth my time, like if they're compatible with me
Two 34 Ultrawides because I love big screens. My Laptop is 15 inches right now only because I couldn't afford a 17/18 inch laptop.
I know I'm still manic, so today I was thinking how at last I am happy with my life. Yes, I have disappointments but I'm working on it. Today though I talked to Matthew, childhood classmate, and I...
I wish Bruce Wayne (Batman) was my father, tbh. He'd be a great dad.
Svensenberg breaks shit all the time... it's a problem.
http://40.media.tumblr.com/8d43e9cff6fa4a2f023559255213aeca/tumblr_o3ge4na2DR1v4qpfso1_1280.jpg  I lost one point on my computer science midterm because of this simple mistake.
bewbs.
Watch my shows or sleep.
My INFJ friend is annoying as hell and took her 8 years just to become a little more direct and honest with me. We're probably only friends because we grew up together, and we both can be mean as...
How I experienced depression has already been said by many of the ENTJs here, and I also for the longest time thought I was an INTJ while in my deepest stage of depression. The way I experience...
I was singing in my car but I got so riled up that I started screaming and honking my horn.
Are you a polygot? I'm actually trying to learn all those languages you listed, except Arabic. I find the beauty in them as well, but I'm learning Hebrew for religious reasons.
It took me... 3 fucking hours... to figure out to download Linux on my USB.'"


707: '22013  I actually thought I was going to score a bit more towards the libertarian side. I blame the way that the questions was written. Would be interesting to see if there are any ENTPs that score...
In my book hipsters are people who meet the following criteria:  - Have an obsession about mentioning stuff (most often music or other cultural stuff) they think noone else have heard about. -...
You look more like you're ENTJ. You're not low on the P by any chance?
In socionics that differs a bit from MBTI, ENTp and ISFp are duals (the best match). It could be that you're ISFp according to socionics, or that he's ENTj. Either way, if you get along there's no...
the speech in the end of 25th hour always gets me. :blushed:
What I've come to know about how I best materialize ideas is to follow a general outline, like:  1. Describe the general idea of what you want to do. Be specific in setting the boundaries of what...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSq0ymTLO-c!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSKdv8RRPNo
OT:   ENTPs don't need to be told what reasoning led to the specific conclusion. We don't work that way. Look at me generalizing! If you're not with us - you're not :wink:  OT:  I want park...
:unsure:  (well he probably deserved it, but for goodness sake try group therapy next time!)
First question. What's rotc? Then: I'm not from the us so I don't know what you can expect. Haven't been in the army. I wanted at first, and in the recrution process I performed my best so that I...
Ha :laughing: I came to think of a slightly related experience from maths when at gymnasium. I was always doing other things in class, playing cards, chess, disturbing the serious students with...
Hi! I just came out of the closet. I am ENFP (previously typed as ENTP), and the topic of this thread is one of the reasons I had a hard time realizing I was in fact a closetF :cool: Apparantly I've...
It's the same for me. But I've got much better at handling stress lately. Some kind of revelation + I think I've developed my Si and Fe quite a bit the past months.  The biggest source of stress...
okay I think I got it.  In the first empty space: in possession of a lot of mdma And in the last one: a naked chick in bed with my name on her
Okay so you know him via academics.. When giving presentations, does he use his arms alot, gesturing etc? If he doesn't, he probably is an INTx. Another key is how scipted his appearance is. Or...
This could have been written about me by someone who's known me for less than 4 years. At first I got a little bit paranoid. But then again, even if your one in a million there's 7000 people just...
Ne: 44,8 Ti: 44,2 Te: 41 Se: 26,9 Si: 22,8 Ni: 21,6 Fi: 21,5 Fe: 16,4  Didn't really like this test. The questions was a bit rough. I'll cling on to my sig for know.
Ha, I love this one! That could mean so many things. My mind races, and most of the tracks are dirty:tongue:  But that would imply we are bad lovers, maybe even rapists :dry: she said there is no...
I haven't really scanned the thread very carefully, but I saw a lot of things I like and i was pleasantly surprised to not see any mentions of the godfather. Might be due to poor perception though :P...
http://userserve-ak.last.fm/serve/500/10603625/Uffie+n1218640719_30110792_1334.jpg http://www.loopsandpluto.com/press/uffie.jpg http://dragonsvsdinosaurs.com/dropfolder/stuffs/mostuffs/Uffie1.jpg...
Does collecting fossiles makes one a dinosaur?
The collected stories - Amy Hempel.. Just started so dunno if they're any good yet
from a history of violence:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FchdTnEx638
OMG! It's Steve Jobs http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/54/Steve_Jobs.jpg
som synden sveper han frbi ltt att lska str dig bi tar din hand och fr dig rtt allt du missat, det du ej sett  men det du ftt tar han tillbaks och kvar blir blott en bitter smak krossar...
Wow sounds like my dreamgirl :blushed:
If I've been proven wrong, I say That's true. You were right. It kinda exciting in some way. However if someone wants to rub it in my face I get a strong urge to beat their skulls in with a...
http://s3.amazonaws.com/data.tumblr.com/tumblr_kwfry2P5Nw1qzfhblo1_1280.jpg?AWSAccessKeyId=0RYTHV9YYQ4W5Q3HQMG2&Expires=1265902062&Signature=8l4mOu9liC%2FoL8Egd1%2BrA7KhmAA%3D  taken from...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ad3Hzsy1-20  Bolognese and a bottle of wine in good company is one of those small things that makes your life worth living :blushed:
1 - I have my own apartment 2 - I am of legal drinking age 3 - I have good hygiene 4 - I make delicious bolognese 5 - Your parents will like me
for there is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so - Dr Josef Mengele
Hehe yes :laughing: They keep the beer from coming up again once down. Don't want to stain that white sweater. The strings tend to get stuck between the teeth though :blushed:
I can down a beer with four tampoons in my mouth in less than 3 sec :wink:
Just finished catcher in the rye and started on to kill a mockingbird.
Is it just I how see a striking resemblance to Gil Bellows?  http://18.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ktud6lERJX1qzwinzo1_400.jpg  Okay maybe not this picture but when I imagine how he looks and then...
Well hello there miss, there seems to be a problem with your papers. a formal matter at most but we'll still need you to come in here and..  *thump*  *scheeeeeeeesch*(dragging noise)  +far away...
Sorry, but I'm not that good with the english language. Does the fine text say that to be able to question if meaning exists there must be a meaning?
Very interesting thread. I hope more people will add to this. I don't think i associate specific feelings/moods or disconnect via using other languages. One thing I've realized though is that when...
Hehe. I just reread my posts and saw that I've used meaning and value synomously or wrong in some other term several times. Well anyhow, just wanted to add, just because something lacks meaning...
Sounds like you may get 100% succesrate that way. You go girl!
I really don't know anything about medicin but I would guess that there's a lot of factors you can't change by will when the brain is fully developed. Like how the synapses are hooked up and stuff...
Samaire Armstrong wiie: http://5.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_kuntz0qwMi1qzrdg8o1_400.jpg http://lilypadiddle.files.wordpress.com/2007/09/samaireshort.jpg
I really hate this... It's like you've surrounded yourself with walls thick as your moma and high as ya brotha and the only way for someone to get inside is to dig, dig, dig through all the bs fake...
you know you're an entp when you think dolphins and monster trucks are completely comparable
I'm extremely vane. It's not that I want to be liked by everyone but to different people I show different sides and I care about they pereiving me the way I want them to.
I believe that when you die your life will have no meaning to you. And on a long enough time scale your life will be meaningless to others. I just don't see a point in putting life in the infinity...
Being remembered and all that might be great but I see it like you have this life. This life is your chance to accomplish things, do good for your fellow man and live your life. What would be the...
You've probably heard it before but, my absolute favourite:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLq7Aqd_H7g
I was surprised that not more of my favourite movies where mentioned in this thread. Well anyway here's my top 7:  25th hour City of God Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead Death to Smoochy...
Veronica Maggio: http://dyngan.se/karinafmalmoe/files/2008/08/vronica-maggio.jpg http://userserve-ak.last.fm/serve/_/24192099/Veronica+Maggio+Och+vinnaren+r.jpg'"


741: 'Pretty much every relationship I've ever had right here!
This is awesome! I just sent it to the girl I'm currently dating. Wow, I now feel absolved. It's like well if you don't like something I do now, hey I told you this is how I am! I somehow feel I just...
writing: creative writing such as short stories or prose: 2 writing: more on the mushy ooey gooey prose poetry side: 0 random gifts purchased 3 random gifts made: 1 random affection texts: 1...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QK8mJJJvaes
I'm not sure what your trying to do here but I don't like it.
I was raised as Roman Catholic but never really followed any of the rules. For a brief 5 month stint about 4yrs ago I though god was real then I realized it was mainly because I was dating a super...
Ok so I'll preface by saying I skipped the longer posts because well I'm an ENTP and I just wanted to give a response. I am currently an Active duty SSG in the Army. I have been in for 11 years now...
I came back to PerC after a 6 month hiatus !!
Here is a simple solution. Go to the You might be an ENTP if . . .  forum and read it. If 98% of it is spot on then you know your in the right place.
Well this thread certainly got off topic. Go ahead make fun of me for pointing out the obvious.
When you constantly miss your flight at the airport but don't really care cause there is always another flight to your destination. But then find out that actually there isn't another flight today...
Thanks, your comment I can really relate to. I try to keep my expectations based in reality. Even while I conjure these things in my mind I look at the reality of how far out there some of these...
Yeah but I tend to do it often. I wish I didn't because it just sets me up for great disappointment.
So I have this issue, I guess if we can call it that. I often time find myself creating scenarios with a member of the opposite sex in my mind that are based off of small, simple interactions. Such...
Hmm I'll play your game. Only the marker is at least 100 miles off to keep the ISFJ's from stalking me. Although that could be entertaining at least for the short term.
I was gonna say hit your foot very hard with a hammer. But I think everyone else ideas will probably actually work.
You mean there are rules here?
A very smart person who knows how to lure in other people.   @NotSoRighteousRob  well played . . . once again
As long as you don't physically have to have sex with his wife, then I say go for it.
You should make the people that told you to start a band give you the $500
Is there a question for advice here because I don't see it? FWI I skipped to the end and only read the questions.
How are you today? I'm ok I guess, not a very specific question . . .  What are you thinking of right now? How to get out of this hell hole of an office sooner How do you feel right now and why?...
I discovered TED talks . . honestly a bit sad that it is the best thing to happen to me all day
I just watched his words words words stand up yesterday. I think it was the first time I have even been aroused by a man.
^all that  and holy crap I thought it was just me  and to add: you can also wear the clothes you need to be in the next day if you have to get up really early and already know you won't be...
http://www.youtube.com/user/boburnham#p/u/2/iuF6CpML3IQ  It'll give you a braingasim
I must confess:  I like big butts and I cannot lie  P.S. I would like to apologize to the actual conversation above me
Right now? reading this forum, constructing a paper on lucid dreaming, being bored at work, being annoyed by other ppl watching youtube videos WAY to loud in my office, txting several ppl at once,...
At first I was like WTF then I was like lulz
White people who act black. That really makes me mad.  When friends on Facebook consistently post shit like this all day long. No one ever responds so they respond to themselves.  I am so...
You ENTJ's sure know how to lure us into a trap. But hey at least you stroked my ego. I feel dirty now, I need a shower.
Dang you said everything I was too distracted to say.     To add:   Tea cup or miniature animals with the exception of a mini horse cause they are just bad ass.  Paperwork in general because...
I think the second definition has much merit in my life. It is always easy for me to spot high probability of a negative outcome. I hate it because after said negative outcome happens to the person...
So I am interested to see what pisses off other ENTP's besides myself. Here is my short list:  Static electricity shocks Stupid people Extremely loud people People proving me wrong People who...
It's not that I'm lazy, it's that I just don't care  just let it happen to people who always want to stop my crazy schemes.  Honestly, it's not your fault that your not as smart as me.
When you retake the type test to see if you can get 100's in all categories. Get this:  Introversion (I): | 3.33% Extroversion (E): 







 96.67%  Intuition (N):...
This is me 18132
I like the angle and focus here. Canon camera I observe? Guess I should find a pic of me so I can feel special.
I think I'm confused :confused: Didn't know we were having a compliment contest? Secondly I have told many girls this, not because it necessarily was true (don't think that needs further...
Sonicdrink, I would first and foremost like to thank you for posting those videos. I am actually contemplating doing one myself as this whole MBTI deal is my new addiction. At least until I see...
Agreed, damn you Buisnessman. I will not fall for your/our tricks. The video was hilarious though.
Bars Say something flirty to me then simply walk away and ignore me. I will be compelled to get your attention. But don't ignore us for too long cause we will move on pretty fast.
Waffles, pancakes are useless they don't even hold toppings.  How long did it take you to come up with a valid question for another ENTP?
17974  Actually this is how I see myself . . . wait a second.
For me I pretty much grab a top and bottom outta the closet, check in the mirror, go ahh, and then head out. (5 mins tops) People tell me I'm good at coordinateing clothes but I don't care enough to...
True that I started Just let it happen years ago, like at least 5 years ago. Now it's everywhere cause someone stole it from me :sad: and I never trademarked it. Oh well.
So now that I have read the pages 90 through 97, and then 1-55 in that order I feel compelled to contribute.  You know you're ENTP  If you ever joined a christian chat room and pretended to be a...
First off I am new here which is why I'm commenting on such as old post.  Because obviously we ENTP's are so awesome I had to read all the posts  in this thread. But I digress, this was by far the...
Damnit how do I delete this.'"


775: 'Well I am addicted to her!
Its no horse, bull, or any kind of shit! Definitely not routine. Who can get bored of good sex?
I desire to fuck the shit out of my gf....too bad we are at a pause. fml :crying:
It would take several pages to describe what I need to do! In a nutshell, there are issues in my life that needs closure before I can continue a healthy relationship with my babes. Those issues in my...
We took a pause because my issues were affecting her physically, spiritually, and emotionally. We are in a classic toxic relationship. I need to get my shit together if we want to be great...
I desire the welling being of my gf even if it is without me. :crying:
YES....always a YES lol
First; If you wanted folks to reserve judgement about your opinion, then you probably shouldn't have posted.   Second; I assume you didn't do a google search on the book. You seemed well verse at...
The OP must have read Sex at Dawn.   Monogamous for me please. I can't imagine someone else banging my babes (yes I'm possessive) and its good to know if we are committed to monogamy, the risk of...
Missing my gf :sad:
For me regret is far worse.
Buy gold and silver whenever you have the urge to splurge. Put everything on automatic also.
Nah...all the way!  Like I said, we believe we are monogamous nymphomaniacs. We have a problem!
LOL  I know it sounds unbelievable but its very true! We have tried that catch up thing only to result in further injury! Yes its full blown sex. Talking penetration with release. We believe that...
I used to be caught up to the pick up industry but not full force. I learned a lot from books, videos, and PUA friends on how its done and I used it for my own good. Even though I am an ENTP, me E...
We used to, but we were just friends back then. She lives 2 miles from me so we get to spend a lot of time together ;)
Sex is never boring unless the couple drives it to boredom. My girl and I average 5 times a day. Yes 5 times a day and there is nothing that we rather do. Sex to us is an expression of how we feel...
I am an ENTP with an ISFJ gf. We are both DTF and it doesn't matter anywhere or if there is people or not. Sometimes we do the romantic thing just to insure that we are normal.  How can you...
When you walk around the house naked with the curtains open during rush hour!
Have they been happily married? If so, that give my babes and I hope.
I always had to be ready on command with my ISFJ babes!
I am wondering how my ISFJ girlfriend is doing with our pause. Its been 5 days without contact and I could only imagine what she is feeling and thinking. :sad:
I am an ENTP that has LTR with an ISFJ. I told her the same thing that we should have a pause with no contact. However that didn't mean that we were to explore other people. I for one cannot imagine...
Just saw it this morning. Everything it says is spot on. :sad:
3w2, 8w9, 5w6.
Call me a prude but I wouldn't do it. Find a chick, love her, then make love to her. Good sex only 2 to 3 times a week? pffttt!! My babes and I have done it over 2,500 times in 16 months and it never...
I have had 3 partners in my 13 years of having sex. All of them LTR's and I have never been promiscuous. With that said, I have never been more sexually activated with my babes(right now our...
Her father in own words was a scumbag. The guys of her past and her male friends are all promiscuous scumbags. I am not a saint. However I never cheated and by cheated I mean kiss, make out, screw,...
The other day I decided it was best for my ISFJ girlfriend and I to put our relationship on pause. What you said is so true. We are simply too different in very fundamental ways. In fact, she has...
For the first time in my life I saw a family, security, and pure love. The big picture had her engraved in it. Right now I am not thinking clearly. My heart is heavy and all I can think about now is...
Don't mean to resurrect and old post, but can I can see a lot of great insight here. Please check out this post....I need help :sad:...
5421454215
I am head over heals over my girlfriend. We have been together for over a year and I have learned a lot about myself over the duration of our relationship. However, not everything is the color of...'"


794: 'Heh. That one came out of a lady who would sell bread at the local bars (for you chicagoans out there, not the same bread lady who sold... special bread). I ended up getting a date with a girl who...
Lots of drinking.   Nah, actually I'd say you should find someone in your aquaintance sphere who is more private then yourself, and try to draw them out of their shell. The advantage is that you...
China? That must have been pretty fun.
Oh, we all know they mean well.
Devoid's got a great point here. It's fine that you like someone, but you have to have them like you back, which means you have to figure out why they should like you.   1. They should like me...
I like this point. I forget how much of the sort of 'is it this or that' behavior comes across as creepy. You make a decision, either defer or take the shot, and go from there.
I like to think of the functions as the emotions they create. If I relate a strong feeling from Ne as excitement, I relate Si to nostalgia. I see something that looks like something I should know. I...
Eclecticism. We are creatures of ideas. In fact, inasmuch as morals/principles are ideas, we are oddly enough creatures of them as well. If we see an idea we like we look at it, turn it around a...
Some people just require good questions, or a pleasant joke to draw them out of their shells- although I find with shyer types, a bit of 'loudly projected' shyness can help, ie furtive glances, goofy...
You can't go wrong with an H cup size.
I think what set off my radar was that it sounded like this was a change for you. It's one thing to have lots of problems if you feel like you have a handle on them, and then go into a mode of...
This is my default mindset. I assume things are going to work out poorly in the future of my immediate plans and desires, but in the long term it'll be fine. I think people who get to know me very...
Married to the woman I met via internet dating. For me it was useful because it took me out of the friendzone by its very nature. Otherwise, I just fall into a sort of buddy routine, and I lose all...
I can promise you that starting with that end will go badly. Babies are meant to be nibbled toes and feet first, always keeping unsealed orifices pointed away from potentially offendable sense organs.
Got caught dipping your hand in the BS jar? That's always a tough one to get out of. I recommend self deprecation:  I just ran some calculations to determine that yes, I am full of shit.   Every...
Personally, I think religions are fine. It's communities that are strange and illogical.
-Did you change in a flash(<2 years) or slowly?(or always were like that) It may have happened slowly, but when I started to realize how people were seeing me (ie, in a positive light), it was a...
Sometimes, people see rules that really aren't there. Naturally, they believe that the aforementioned transgressions deserve some sort of comeuppance.   Of course, the desires of the universe, and...
Generally speaking, the most talkative and extraverted person in a group is going to be considered a leader. If you toss in some decisiveness and a certain disregard of consequences, voila- instant...
You just care more about what they think. The really crappy part is that the more they like/respect you, the bigger and more uncomfortable the whole difference becomes because they care more about...
I think that spoiler is spot on. I've had a couple proper original thoughts in my life- almost everything is derivative somehow. I need someone who either has real goals, at which point massive...
I totes agree. It's hard to grasp the dynamic.   I guess if your goal is to turn lemons to lemonade, you could accept the difference and treat it as a mysterious curiosity  for exploration. This is...
Yup. That's maturity talking there. Especially that last line. we're going to say and do stupid things in perfectly innocent ways from time to time, and the other person has to actually be able to...
Lot's a of thinking about things. Like nonstop.   Here's a poincare quote that partly points the way:  I entered an omnibus to go to some place or other. At that moment when I put my foot on the...
Thank you for the mention, hoffman.507, I guess I could mention the general topics of thing I generally won't just spill for shock value, or things I only give up grudgingly:  *Things that may or...
THe nuclear power field is pretty NT heavy. It's its own creature in many respects.
Most of them sort of have solutions. The solutions just haven't scaled up very well, or aren't cheaper then the current alternatives.   The thing I wonder about them is how many of them are going...
Interesting that pot laces into a couple of things in your post. Are you feeling like a slacker because of it's use and the ideas it may give people about your social position, or are you feeling...
Emotional chameleonism is something lots of personalities can have happen. Its also something you can cause to other people, you just have to start at their setting and then ratchet it up bit by bit....
I'll get back to you. I'm still on a wiki walk I started earlier in the last decade.
That certainly does seem to be the case.
Oooh!!! I have one   Stop whining and get a life  Nah. Still absolute.   If you're not actively injured, juvenile, senile, erectile, and you're not making an effort to forward your life, you...
I will say that nostalgia is often a bittersweet emotion for me, but I tend to like that sort of feeling, so nostalgia's all good.
A top loading washing machine without an agitator (the screw thing in the middle- pump, really) is actually a sideways front loader, or at least in operation, they're not that different. The...
I thought the more interesting part of this test was it potentially allows for culture blind IQ testing.   Of course, that's not assuming there's some other correlation in effect here like smart...
You just fell in love, didn't you? Poor sap. Ya gotta hold something back. If you give all your love away you mightgo into your love bucket one day, and find there's none left for you.
https://si0.twimg.com/profile_images/2502739501/image.jpg  Oh my God. It's fricking Cthulhu in that video. Do you understand the dark powers you're messing with?!?!?
Oh, and in keeping with the spirit of these things:  73565
Beautiful, Trollmaster. This is the perfect troll for the entp thread. I just can't help but admire you for it.
History professor. Talk about your dead end fields.
The wife's gotten a couple nibbles this way (she's in budget analysis). It's not as effective as doing it yourself, but it comes with the added benefit of feedback. Besides, just getting in contact...
I love it when someone pulls off Poe's law in a post.
I have a sneaky feeling this is like that point in a relationship where you still love your partner, but you no longer respect them, so you're just going through the motions; which of course means...
Ginger's got a good point, you can try structure for a little while and sample it all. It'll come to you eventually.
keeping religion OUT of the argument, and looking at things in a more matter of fact logical way, are you pro-choice or pro-life and why?  I think you mean I don't want a debate on religion, but...
I always go with the flow. Eventually, I start using questions based off my free associations to push the conversation either towards someone else's interest (if I have some desire to be nice), or...
You're an entp, you will suffer from mistakes that make you look dumb. Achilles heel syndrom I call it- every plan and thing you think will have one inherent flaw you won't catch no matter how long...
That's an intriguing insight, zeep. Speaking overall, I guess that's why lots of writers like to come up with the endings first, and work their way back, but my normal writing is very stream of...
Nothing gets us going like someone throwing  rules at us. Good job.   Now, don't muck it up.
ENTP: You want to try this? Sure! ESTP: You want to try... Hey! That's my whole stash!    ENTP: Well, we can solve this if we, bah, blah, blah.. Oh that's neat... Wait, what was I doing? ESTP:...'"


808: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nv2GgV34qIg
Samantha - ENFJ Theodore Twombly - INFP Amy - ESTP
Reference ENTP archetype. Richard Feynman.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YltEym9H0x4
Cogito Ergo Sum. Your existence is not dependent on other human being's or even your environment's perception of your existence. Your existence depends on your own thoughts and actions. So next time...
Fear itself. :)
Since one's ideals of what makes a human adult male 'manly' is so widely subjective, one specific mbti type cannot be assigned the title. Having established that, my idea of manly is someone like...
I'm atheist when it comes to the gods of the various man made religions as we've discovered, through scientific research and rational thought, plenty of concrete facts which destroy their doctrinal...
Some of my perennial role-models and philosophers of choice have been INFJ. I've also had positive relationships with a few nfj people in my daily life but when it comes to romantic interest it gets...
I think the anxious way in which you're receiving these thoughts is responsible for hindering your sleep. Do not fight your thoughts, accept them in an observing fashion, do not judge them, simply...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSUUFduCdRE
Firstly, I would realize the fact that this moment would've come eventually, be it in 60 seconds or 60 years. After I take comfort in that thought I would probably write a parting note to my family...
Being bored is suicide, it is the antithesis of Living. There is just so much going on during the time that I'm conscious, there are far too many of my questions that are unanswered which are...
I get along with guys just fine, but women have been a lot more fun to interact with, in my experience. They just seem to appreciate my wit more and something about that female sexual energy, their...
Ladies and gentlemen, may I present to you one of the most complexly tragic INFJ characters in the ever expansive and wildly colorful tapestry of fictional entertainment; Mr. Richard Harrow.
Atticus Finch(my all-time favorite) - INFJ Richard Harrow - INFJ Dwight Schrute - ESTJ Kenshin Himura - INFJ Roger Sterling - ESTP Jim Moriarty(bbc sherlock) - ENTP Edward Newgate - ENTJ Guido...
Thanks for answering. If you don't mind, may I know if this assertion is based on personal experience/observation or professionally researched information(or both, of course). If it's the latter I...
Is this purely an Ne trait? Is this consistent with ENTPs also?
Thank you for posting the Charlie Sheen video. It serves as an excellent counterpoint to Tarantino's tantrum, shall we say. Fe is by no means a xxTP's forte but it definitely makes them a lot more...
I'm inclined to agree with your point and the fact that you claim to be ENFP garners your opinion more merit as I'd presume you'd certainly be more efficient at discerning Fi from Fe. But I think I'm...
I'm in agreement with the ESxP assertion for Quentin Tarantino, but we're yet to see any evidence of his Ti. It would be nice if someone could present some relevant examples. As for his Fe, from what...
Ni and Fe were his most evident functions and he was an introvert. INFJ.
Holden Caulfield - INFP Jay Gatsby - INFJ The old man in the old man and the sea - ISFP Winston from 1984 - INTP
http://24.media.tumblr.com/e327b98763a793d0c60813d468e84534/tumblr_mi6zd48tpA1rhvqn4o1_250.gif
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zsh1l9bjLLw  Epic.
I don't know about feeling better but If there is something I want which requires them to follow my logic then I will try reasoning with them. If there is nothing they can offer me then they're not...
I find objective criticism useful. I'm at the most, annoyed by stupidity. I don't care about anything in-between.
llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch  18 unique letters.
hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia
Further continuation of this conversation will get me banned. :laughing:
Curiosity killed the cat ?  http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/32935075.jpgu200b   http://t.qkme.me/3r15cw.jpg
So I got this piece of text analyzed;  I'm Joccin' on yo bitch ass And If We Get To Fightin Den im coccin' on yo bitch ass You Catch Me At Yo Local Party Yes I Crank It Everyday Haterz Get...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNRNCk3YwqE Louis C.K is awesome. That is all.
Then why am I 5'3 ?   And I don't find tits desirable on my body.
I do remember posing this question but I don't remember having tits. You can't be me.
I don't remember creating this thread and that's not even my account. Am I hallucinating?
I'm not an INTP and put in my opinion just to fudge the data. Trololol.
On a good day, I punch them in the face.
With a better understanding of the cognitive functions and increased awareness of their manifestation in my behavior, I retook the test with the objective of reaching a more accurate conclusion and...
You are 8.3% Good.  You are 17.9% Chaotic.  Alignment: True Neutral   Fun test.
No, you need mental help for suggesting to subject an animal which is already in pain to more pain and suffering.  There is only one best solution, Euthanasia, google it.
No one can answer your questions then. You need mental help.
Did you think it was chocolate ?
No.    Everything. Any rational human being should realize that.
I don't know if you realize this but you sound pathetic. You first ask him to shoot his sick dog and call it win-win like it was some business decision he was dealing with. Then instead of...
Euthanasia is the only option. Follow the guidelines presented in this article to assess the quality of life of your pet and then make your decision when the time is right. Euthanasia: Making the...
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/406/325/b31.jpg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0AZIFmkogY  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__zI9XGMyZo  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33jsDje1U60
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoT9pSlsV7E  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEFt6BQuFJk
I'm obsessed with rationality and logical consistency when constructing and examining thoughts, ideas and theories. In my day-to-day practical activities and schedules, not in the least.
Introverted (I) 71% Extraverted (E) 29%   Intuitive (N) 73% Sensing (S) 27%   Thinking (T) 95% Feeling (F) 5%'"


814: 'I'm a lot more than 18, and my sex drive is still way out of control.   Never mind the beach, the women lap swimming in their one pieces are more than I can take.   If I don't jump in the cold water...
classic ENTP, ate fast, challenged authority, depressed all the time, moody, outstanding at creating a vision for others to follow
Gates is an INTJ all the way, as is Dick Cheney
The P stands for persistent.   Once an ENTP gets a great idea, we'll pursue like it no one else because we have superior ability to envision what something will look like when completed.   This is...
there's a tendency to around here to confuse empathy with extraversion  I've got a lot of the ENTP we're talking about what I want, because I just feel like verbally masturbating thing going, but I...
This is precisely how I got into Christianity.  I don't believe in a defensive, angry God who points a finger at nonbelievers like a 3rd world dictator.   That sort of God is only necessary for sheep...
ESTPs just sell the things we invent.   Light bulb, graphic interface, relational database - all invented by ENTPs.  If it weren't for us, you'd be having this conversation with yourself on a stone...
mostly comedies....or anything with Melissa Joan Hart
wow, ENTPs coming out as libertarian athiests, about as shocking as an ENFP dressing up as Rageddy Ann for Halloween  there is no logical argument to make about God, but if you study how the...
Pinkrasputin, good point.     Now, you are one of the more insightful posters here, but I hate to say your cartoon butt and candy cane socks are no match for vivacissimamente's infectious smile.
Midge Ure, Ultravox   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSBcElV6p8o&feature=related
would agree with this, good explanation  always thought N/S divide had more to do with perception of time than the bullshit we normally hear of being practical or theoretical
when an ESFP tells you a story, you often up laughing, when an ENFP tells you a story, they often end up laughing  an ESFP is often at the gym after work, an ENFP is often asleep after work  an...
it's also damn hard to get drafted by a major league baseball team, yet because you did doesn't mean you're worth hiring  also, never had a client tell me they need people to indicate that they're...
A little older than many of you, and been involved with many hiring decisions.  Do NOT put your MBTI on your resume, here's why:  1.  I've interviewed hundreds of people, and most of the time, ...
what a load of horseshit, just some drug co. and their dealers trying to sell some pills  I'll make a separate site saying you should smoke pot immediate if you have an attention surplus
I never worked with any models.   I've just had clients ask for specific pieces of information on their competitors, and called some of business contacts to get it.     Just about everything I've...
100% red-blooded American, not from England, but spent a lot of time in Wankerland, and came back saying bloody hell, or bluuddy ew and laughing everytime someone in America said fanny  also...
ENTPs are the best, by far, at competitive analysis, which often leads to competitive intelligence work.   I don't think there's anything unethical in finding out what some company is charging for a...
I've got a bad temper, but it's mellowed out a little with age.  A lot of people who know MBTI think I'm an ENTJ, and I have that intolerance for stupidity trait many ENTJs have.
One trait I've found I don't share with some ENTPs is that I'm insanely good with maps and directions.  I can arrive in a new city, and figure my way around as soon as I leave the airport.  Also have...
always heard it was supposed to be xNFJ, but I married an ENFP, and many couples I know are one letter apart
Zappa was a textbook ENTP  but George Will is a classic INTP
this is why I hang out with ESFPs  I like to argue, but I don't like that I like to argue.  instead of a douchebaggy debate about something stupid, why not use our ENTPness to do something...
I'm 127 words into a very unfinished blog post, and I'm hanging out here rather than trying to finish it now.
started 3 businesses, and seen other ENTPs be very successful starting their own  but I've learned that the best ideas start with observation, not inspiration, even for ENTPs  what I mean by...
well said  I work with an ISTJ who is great at doing things in pieces and stages, and can't believe how I can get whole projects done in one sitting
I actually looked into Actuarial careers when I was in senior in college.   Went to an info session sponsored by my school, and it was an INTx paradise.  Felt like I had walked into a Star Trek...
yes, please stick around, getting aggressive on message boards is an ENTP specialty, we're a lot nicer than we seem - we just get restless when we realize the world hasn't heard all of our opinions...
From my parenting, I can tell you 5 year olds often do.     I coach youth sports, and I can tell what half the kids 4 letters are within 30 minutes.   There are differences within types, not all...
mostly 80s and early 90s - I like everything from the fun, stereotypically ESxP Van Halen stuff to moody British bands like the Smiths and Depeche Mode  as I've gotten older, come to appreciate...
well you need to get over it, and take pride in her, regardless of whatever trendy diagnosis-du-jour is coming out of contemporary shrinks  would you rather be embarrassed in front of a random...
Was out recently with a group of friends, most of whom were ESTJs and ESFPs, and realized how few intuitives I hang out with.  I'm married to an ENFP, have a couple INTP friends I see during the...
I'm married to an ENFP.   It's a good pairing, except when we debate who's going to clean up the mountain of dishes in the sink.  Also, I've never figured out how to get an ENFP to stfu, they're...
never really got this ENTPs are extraverted introverts idea  I hang out with a lot of ESFPs, and they're better at small talk than I am, but I get along well with them because they like to go out...
G.K. Chesterton  read about him
You're academic experience sounds remarkably similar to mine.   B-B plus avg by getting lots of As and Cs  I once got the highest grade in the class for a Stats exam and was nursing a hangover when I...
not a bad career for an ENTP, but often missed by career advisors who don't understand these distinctions
Try Managerial or Cost Accounting.   When I was in school, all the SJs who aced tax accounting struggled with managerial/cost accounting, and I struggled with tax accounting but aced cost accounting...
We're up there, but when I used to ace standardized tests, the only people who scored higher than I did were INTPs.   They are probably the most intelligent.
in my experience, ESTPs are the least likely of the E--Ps to have ADD/ADHD, far more prevalent and noticeable with ENPs, and even many ESFPs, who usually aren't that hyper, but can struggle to focus...
I know this ENTP chick who's an excellent litigator.   Tax law, wills and estates though are probably going to drive an ENTP crazy, so depends on which kind of law you practice.
I often feel like I've got to slow my brain down to make conversation with co-workers and friends in certain settings.   I can feel myself applying a mental brake with people who don't have many...
what kind of S?  I get along very well with ESFPs - they're outgoing, fun, and often have a similar sense of humor, but to your point about being a bookwarm, I don't share what I've been reading or...
Thinking woman with feeling man usually means the chick's wearing the pants, especially when the dude's an introverted feeler.
oversimplified what I said, and if you're going to make some lame, substance-free point that any type can do anything then there's no point to MBTI - certain types are better suited to certain...
are you good at math?  in my experience, ENTPs who are good at math can at times across as ENTJs, but we're still Ps  which of the following would you rather be?  ENTP-wants to create a...
My short-term memory is horrible.  Today being Monday, I got the what did you do this weekend? and barely recalled what I did until I thought about it after being asked.  My ESTP son notices...
I know a lot of ESTPs, and they typically do best where there's lots of pay or lots of recognition, they rarely commit themselves to fighting for some political cause or social action  I've found...
when you guys stop crying and talking incessantly, you can actually be a lot of fun'"


827: 'He barely watches any movies, except classics! Anyway it turns out we actually watched Die Hard together (like please I couldn't let him go through life without watching it!) but he seemed way more...
!!
Let's face it, I'm going to say what everyone is thinking ENTPs are FUCKING AWESOME and that is the bottom line, my friend.   Of course, I understand your point and yes stating we are better than...
Okay so I posted this yesterday and popular decision types him as an ISFP, so I want an insider's opinion on the matter! So come on ISFPs, give me all the dirt!   -He spends long periods of time...
Really, I have no idea what he may be, please help me! I'll just write everything that may be relevant! Read as much as you like, I got a little overboard!   -He spends long periods of time alone,...
Well if you have watched it you probably know who (the extremely dreamy) Terry Grandchester is!Turns out, I'm having the hardest time typing him! Really, he doesn't seem to fit into any personality...
Chess, the history of Wales and Breaking Bad
Kayy so I'm just going to post the last one I posted on instagram lol and by the way I'm not really seeing a pattern (besides of course the raw sexual magnetism, jk) anyway this is so weird of me, I...
Yes, everything you said is true. We must be feared and respected, but don't worry INTPs and ENTPs are usually an awesome match, we will probably feed you for the first year after the beginning of...
Wow, I laughed so hard reading this and now I can't shake off this feeling of wanting to grate cheese on my jawline !!
Popular, pretty much friends with everyone like literally but my group of closest friends is the popular group.
Slytherin and Gryffindor, my friends say I'm like Harry I have the mind of a Slytherin but the heart of a Gryffindor!!
I hate my math class, I find it extremely dull, although I do not hate math in general, I love math puzzles and complicated equations but I hate everything related to graphs, so I guess it depends
Sorry ESFJs maybe not all of you are so stupid and annoying and feely but maybe its just because there are SOO many of you that we get to see many weird or damaged (fucking crazy in a horrible...
What a daring comment from an INFP, considering you live in your own little, perfect, completely unrealistic world in which you actually get to believe you are awesome. Hey, that was kind of mean...
What are your experiences with ENTPs? Impressions? Do you think you're a good match (not necessarily in a romantic way)? What characteristics did you and did you not like? Thanks.
Wow, ENTPs are definitely not on your dating list in that case.
hey. Yeah, I find you guys the coolest and most likeable Fs. One of my very best pals is an ENFP and she's awesome.  Anyway, I've been told: twisted-mind, crazy, genius Topic? Our topic is the...
Depends, SF is probably not good at all, NFs are pretty cool though, overly-emotional guys bother me just as much as overly-emotional girls or overly-emotional potatoes for that matter but as long as...
Well you said it for you drinking is boring, but he MENTIONED it like a risky thing he didn't do for fear of the outcome that he would do otherwise. Umm, we are high risk takers that is a strong...
Maybe you're also an F. You sure sound like one!
Well I'm 16 and thankfully I think our society has evolutioned enough to at least stop pushing the nurturing bullshit into us, yeah nowadays we are seen as the rad mfs we are and so many people...
But don't you think Ashitaka's strong sense of duty and doing the right thing is very J? Thanks for replyig btw, great help!
Awesome to hear you figured it out, try seeing your enneagram type (or however that is spelled) there's a forum for that in this website. Also, were did you take your last couple tests? There are...
Okay well for starters I'm a 16 year old ENTP and I have a 17 year old INTP brother so I'm pretty sure we can figure this out together.  Reading through your post it seems to me an awful lot like an...
You sure you typed them right?
When you find logical inconsistencies and finally realize: OH. They're feelers.
How would you type the main characters?  I'm thinking:  Ashitaka- ENFJ  Mononoke- INTP? Lady Eboshi- ENTJ Jugo- ENTP? Moro- INTJ  But being fairly honest I'm really just guessing here. What...
Actually I think my method doesn't work, I try to be extremely breezy, I act like idgf about wether the person is into me or not initially, like I'm friendly but like that's all I want, until the...
I just had to comment on your profile picture. Oh my fg I love Princess Mononoke and obviously I love Hayao Miyazaki!
If they are really annoying let them know how down they are in the human hierarchy.  Otherwise, meh most ENTPs kind of have an ego too.
Mmm well I'm a girl ENTP but at least for me as an ENTP I can tell you to never ever play dumb, dumb is boring, we want an intellectual challenge but most of all we want fun, at least for me I love...
ESFJs ughh honestly hate is such a strong word and that's exactly why I'll use it.
Well I hate to talk about trivialities, like don't talk to me about what you did today and that you went to the movies with your boyfriend, tell me what you thought of the movie, what meaning did you...
All your comments, well many of your comments helped a lot, I was just having doubts of his INTPness and about the routine haha I'm sorry I think I misled you all, but it was just an example my point...
Yeah, I had thought that might be a different issue, but then I read a forum of INTPs saying they hate routine, and doing the same thing every day and he's not like that. But I don't think he could...
I made my older brother take the test and apparently he's an INTP, I think he has a lot of INTP characteristics but some other things don't match, like he is the silliest and funniest person I know....
Wow #2 was so accurate its creepy except I don't make Youtube videos (although it'd be cool to check your chanel) and I now know exactly what I want to study although it took time to get there.  I...
I'm having lots of trouble trying to type this friend of mine and its driving me nuts, I think she might be an ENFP but in the past year she has changed a lot so I have no idea, does she sound like...
Ok, so I'm pretty sure I haven't met almost any ENTP!! Where can I find other ENTPs, please I really need to meet more awesome people! I'd love to have more ENTP friends! And oh yeah, I'm 17 so they...
OHHH update, this is soooo ironic, a day after this post and I just cried TODAY after so much!
Oh and so sorry I just realized I messed up the title its about ESFJs, sorry hehe!
When or what often hurts you or really damages you in a fight??? I often get in a lot of fights at school, because I try to do things more efficiently or someone is being annoying or stupid, I am...
Ummm...  1. Almost never happens to me.  2. Never, haha if there are no plans I just cherish my weekend to read.  3. Never has happened omg, that I know of..  11. Ooo never happens to me, if I'm...
Wow guys, sorry intruder here, it is just really mindblowing to think a human being can contain so much tears and emotion, I haven't cried in years.
The ESFJs I've met are whiny, attention-seekers, often think of themselves way better than they truly are, are ugh so damn sensitive, bossy, unpolite and annoyingly loud with nothing to contribute to...
Woww yes, thank you a lot you definitely did help a lot he is actually a walking contradiction since he has ugh just so many issues actually you see how he becomes more twisted as the story...
Although I've had my struggles with it I was a born and raised Catholic and I am completely faithful and devoted, that is after reading thousands of books on theology including the entire Catechism...
What can I say? I'm simply charming, I'm still in my senior year but still, all my classmates adore me, honestly they're just all over me and although I was chucked into the very specific clique of...
ahh laziness just look at my profile picture'"


840: 'So Ambrosia, what do you want?  I keep getting a lot of mixed signals from you.  Once you find out what your end goal is, you can continue on.  As far as answering some immediate questions, there was...
Not poor form at all, I'll read the saga hopefully later tonight XD
Those are just stereotypical 3 things. Not all 3s look like the class president lol.  Any way, everything in your questionnaire was very externally driven.  Although I haven't looked at your...
Well you're definitely a type 3 XD  Apart from that, you have so much Fe that it has to be 1 or 2.  That makes you an xxFJ.  I'm guessing if I asked you, you'd say you were an introvert.  While I'm...
ISFJ is probably accurate.  You show some solid Fe.  You say you are introverted so we are down to IxFJ or IxTP.  Fe comes before Ti in your function order. I'm almost positive.  So IxFJ is the way...
From those 10 observations....  I think her functions are (in no particular order): Ti Fe Ne Si  That narrows it down to xSFJ or xNTP.  It's clear Fe nor Ne is dominant so introvert is a great...
Physicist and I love 99% of the seconds.
Do you DM online?  If so, what editions?  I swear to Bahamut that if you say 4.0, I will find 12 unicorns and kick them into dragons....in a dungeon
Tell them since they are friends, they get a special discount.  You said $90-125 is typical, so charge $65-80.  They still feel like you gave them a good deal, you still acknowledge friendship and...
Actually I wasn't lol.  The only implication made was that in my experience, NTJs tend to be specialists while NTPs tend to be generalists.  Other than that, I only paralleled Good Will Hunting with...
All degrees in physics
I always thought an INTP 5w6-3w4-8w9  but that is probably quite incorrect
A collection of Haikus written by Bigtex For viewing pleasure  Leaves crush under feet Trampled by the unwilling Blown away by wind  Moonlight does shatter Darkness of the eternal
Most likely greatest, although more data is required.
Politics is like driving aimlessly.  You go right until you get tired of that, then you go left until you get tired of that, then you go forward until you get tired of that, then you go backwards.
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a great one.  As for transforming conversations, I let it undergo it's own metamorphosis.  When it happens, it happens.  When it doesn't, I just keep it...
This makes the most anti-nonsense.  I appreciate it
Most likely an incident happened (an HR issue like sexual harassment or something) and they are bringing in a lawyer to do a few things.  1. Damage control.  Make sure no one in the store can sue...
Horror movies frighten me too much.  My imagination usually gets the better of me and it rarely ends well for me sleeping XD
He had asthma as a kid and ran around until he cured it.  (His asthma was most likely environmental but still awesome)  The article mentioned his naval history book, but didn't mention that he...
Perhaps.  Could I be a consultant instead?  I don't have time to fully participate but could be a phone a friend of sorts.
I can be really romantic when I put all my brain power to it.  Riddles leading to a candle-lit dinner and stuff like that.  But rocks?  Maybe if I engraved each one with a different rock pun!  That...
Currently I dress in 3 piece suits because they are awesome.  If I'm going casual during summer, its plaid shorts and polos.  If winter, it is more like the middle picture above.  My ideal partner...
Whichever type is a lady in the streets but a freak in the sheets.  Those are my favorite :D
I'll let you find out.  ^oh naw he d'int.  XD
I have lots of pieces of advice.  1. No one cares.  No one cares that you're homeschooled unless you shove it down their throats.  No one cares if you're the smartest guy in the room or planet or...
Interesting but I don't buy it.  Unless we want to go into some Voltaire, I don't see how that follows that being able to think in 5D must mean I am 5D (or at least my brain).  I can also think in 1D...
The beauty about opinions is that I don't need justification ;).  Why would I need to justify my own opinions on what I like and don't like?  Would you have me explain why I like tacos so much?  Just...
Let's put it this way.  If the get together in question was next door, there is a 50% chance I'd not go.  The other 50% is devoted to the ever popular third option in the go/not go dichotomy, leave...
First of all, why haven't you quit yet?  Second of all, bring this to a lawyer or the Department of Labor (or equivalent).  Thirdly, march in to ANYONE'S office and raise hell.  It could be your...
She annoyed the hell out of me.  That being said, most other ENTPs annoy the hell out of me, so it is quite possible she is an ENTP.  I'm actually going to go ahead and disagree anyways and say...
I actually think in 5D....so there! :D
What is love?  *bobs head sideways repeatedly*
ISFP and INTJ have the same functions, and since you are Fi-dom, you are most likely ISFP.  Above you said you identified with ISFP but the functions weren't right or something like that, then you...
ENFP is probably the best bet at this point.  If I were a gambling man, I'd bet 70% of my money on ENFP, 16% on ENTP and 1% on all the rest.  That way, I win no matter what :D
I'm going to guess ISFJ.  I saw a lot more Fe (trying not to piss people off or trying to include) than Fi.  Si is clearly there.  Also looking at what you don't have might be helpful.  I saw...
http://personalitycafe.com/articles/25205-dominant-tertiary-loops-common-personality-disorders.html is a good place to start.
ISFP with very weak Se, almost to the point of being in an Fi-Ni loop.  Fi is clearly dominant, everyone else seemed to pick up on that as well.  That leaves IxFP, out of that you said Ni fits. ...
I've studied abroad.  OR TWO XD XD XD XD XD XD  Joke of the year ^ :D
Clever.  That is the best type.
I thanked the above post just so I could unthank it.  I did so 6 times.
Super hero, then treasure hunter, then war hero, then musician, then athlete (once I found out how much they make), then astronaut, then stay at home dad, then scientist.  I am now a scientist :D
I operate more like this.  When I'm in I'm definitely in, but getting me to that point is a long arduous process.  As a savvy consumer (spare me all the self-righteous WOMEN AREN'T OBJECTS TO BE...
I don't behave at all XD
http://www.fairfaxunderground.com/forum/file.php?2,file=50550,filename=363-bruce-willis-cool-story-bro-image.png
I used to be good with Time until I hit on his sister, then he kind of got pissed and now at every turn he tries to make my life difficult.
If we are going to be nitpicky, this sounds a bit like Fi actually...at any rate, it has nothing to do with Ne.    Sounds like Te over Ti or neither lol.  Not much to go on here.    Fe !=...
I come from a land down under.  Where women rule and men plunder!
xxFJs take the cake for me (in the order ENFJ ESFJ INFJ ISFJ) then ENTJ then INTJ.  I'm pretty sadistic XD
Sherlock: ENTP 7w8.  In the book, he is ISTP (I was convinced although I still think INTP is a good bet) but in the show, he gathers ideas (Ne) then filters through them and weeds out the...'"


877: 'Will you accept monopoly dollars?
Spiffymooge pics or it didn't happen.
My closest friends are women, but most of my regular friends are male. I was once in a male dominated group 140M/10F and it was wonderful. I had something like only 3 close female friends in my life,...
:) FTB is one of my best (and so rare) discoveries.  I find it strange that I like almost of the music in this thread ...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwXh8h5jivg I don't fancy Gotye much,...
Part of it is anxiety driven of course. The main problem is that I can't influence the real core, it's independent from me which leads to anger which leads to frustrations which lead to stress and...
Archetype your signature rocks :D  That's my style:  85015
I just died from laughter. Is he still in denial? Trolling people is fun, trolling people with their own kids is super fun :kitteh:  Some people say that I am cold, talk too much, set a cat among...
164 cm and 70kg at the moment = 5'4 and 154 lbs. My normal weight is around 55 to 60 kg. I'm typical mesomorph (+fat), short and  I get to semiathletic shape quite easily. So fat and short.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=71lBZz16dr4
And here's your problem:tongue:
Hahahaso true, I act like that in the club, keeping the creeps away by my protector elbow :cool:
Then ask her. You're not 16 anymore and (I hope) neither is she. How is your self-esteem now?  Stop looking, try to be happy on your own and they will come once you stop looking (it happened to me...
Really? So I'm not entp or in serious s*^% o_O  Running and talking/doing some fun stuff with friends helps, the tv, games and etc. don't distract me enough.
I'd go with nr 1 (assuming that I don't like the job). Imho going with nr 2 would make your expenses grow a lot, so i highly doubt the 'invest and retire' option is possible (i've seen people double...
Protip:  Try to care less what people think about you, you're awesome anyway. They're just too retarded to see that because all they have in their heads are stereotypes. The concept that people are...
He may not think that what he did was wrong to him (depends on what kind of secret it is, did you murder somebody? :D).  He may not value your friendship as highly as you are.  Words have different...
You sound like an INTJ to me (I am not sure about, I have little experience in successfully typing others) . Why? Imho you like order too much for ENTP and you process info in such scientific manner...
Go after what you want, no matter what others say and failing out of spite just to annoy your father won't do you any good.  Don't go to the prom, it is boring like hell.
I don't get why House of Lies gets so little attention. The autor of the book that show is based on wrote another one called Asshole: How I Got Rich and Happy by Not Giving a Shit About You. u200bI am...
But you can get same/similar information and MOAR from MBTI + enneagram, which both are free. I don't see why one should pay for it. Just because some big firm uses it, it doesn't imply that it's...
Free one, not sure it's the same thing. Ideation - queen of the pretentious words :D
Jeff doesn't seem to be ENTP, he cares too much and is too focused on the material goods and he doesn't love conflict/arguing that much. He is manipulative also.  ESTP or something J'ish is more...
I was thinking Abed is INTP, but INTP wouldn't notice that change. What about professor Duncan?
Narcissism 77% 60%   Unconventionality 94% 64%
You don't. You brake the goddamn wall and do what you have to do despite the fear. Well people talk to people in public places lol. It isn't simple as that like you go to x,y,z and it will solve your...
You need to make up your mind. I've read the whole topic and it is like: I want to meet people, but people suck, but I don't want to be lonely, so I need to try something, but trying something may...
Why it isn't rational decision? I don't like people/animals to suffer for me where there is no need to and I don't need meat to live. Why should they die for me? That's causing unnecessary pain. I...
That's quite insulting. I love INFJ logic: I can't understand ENTPs feelings therefore they don't exist. It's ironic that atm you're the one being insensitive :bored:
Those signs prove nothing, not getting kicked in the face may be sign of attraction and may not. Don't be such a coward, go and ask her out. Stop thinking about it, just do it. Men nowadays...
I drop all the exes like a hot potato, but that one is obvious for me. I dropped one friend because she had some serious issues and I offered her my help, she refused it, so kthnxbye. I will have to...
Curiosity, challenges, especially hard ones and new stuff.  And this [/COLOR]
Male, my best female friend is INFP, I can't stand sensors for too long.
I am trying to do a bit of marketing research and it happens that the psychographic segmentation is quite interesting (I'm searching for target group). It turns out that most of NT should be early...
Yes, we can be and I am. ENTP + 8s is dangerous for others :P
1. Yes, but it can look creepy/scary (I was once scared by it, going too fast isn't good) I actually learned to deceive guys into thinking that they tamed me. Fools:crazy: Shh, it works like a...
I've been there, but it still quite different, cause we entps are big kids, we find something new and awesome and boom we're fine. We don't care about bazilion things, we hardly ever care, so it...
Sorry for that, but I just hate the term 'the right one'. Well we do really have our soft sides, but not many can see it. But none of this things make him a bad guy, we are what we are and we don't...
Ok, so you have some kind of superpowers or what? How can you possibly tell? Or do you belive in one true love and that prince forgot his armor or something?  I'd say that It depends on lots of...
Pfff. You think you invented that door slam? Cause no, you didn't. I did it few times with no regrets.
That's huge thing for INFJ, you know when you should stop and from what I've read you seem quite healthy and aware of who you are. How when and why did you develop self-acceptance and those...
I guess healthy INFJ are kinda rare.  Stop worrying about the world and enjoy it. When something is wrong it probably isn't you fault, get over it. Don't lock yourself in your golden internal...
I've read that, only because I don't say something it doesn't mean I don't know about it and I've been in a relationshionship with INFJ for 3 years so I know some behavioral patterns, but it is hard...
My SO once thought that a driver want to run over him and I guess he just was shitty driver or speeding and they feel like they should do everything and fix the world, otherwise they are badbad...
But why do you blame yourselves for everything? It is so illogical. Can INFJ think about the concept that they are good enough?  So showing my own vulnerability would make him think better about...
2. Yes.   About the first well what is intelligence, being smart etc? How can one measure undefined thing? We just think the other way, see different solutions and also we like to exercise our...
It is creeping me out that some people here understand me more than I do, now I am done with alone time and need to find new friends. I figured that I am a bit sick of hanging with introverts, so I...
We're still are extroverts so we need a bit more than conversation on forums :P
Well I do feel alone, because the people I am around now aren't so interesting, I am tired of talking about the very same thing 100x with sensors, they talk too much and they talk about so...
I am with a relationship with one INFJ and there are some things i can not understand at all.  Why INFJs are so insecure? And is there a fix?   Petting the ego doesn't work, like my words just...
Oh i see the progress here :) Still for me you're too pushy anyways. The door has to open itself. You're coming back to life that's very good too.'"


910: 'I hope that all of you guys know that what happened to the Titanic was real and true... Oh yeah.. 'Titanic' Movie: 21 Fans Who Didn't Know That The Titanic Was A Real Tragedy  Also, Titanic was an...
PerC should give us an option for choosing our type just by saying NT,NF,SF,ST, etc... Cause I honestly think I could relate to ENTPs, INTPs, INTJs, and ENTJs throughout my life... I'm just a solid...
I'm scared of them. Seriously.
Nah, I used to think that designer clothes were important in high school, but when I started college, I gradually started to wear simple clothes. I tend to look at Target, H&M, or Levi's as my...
I do these sort of things as well. Though I don't know much about the functions so hopefully someone can help you out with that.
She reminds me of that type of girl who's incessantly talking about nothing of significant value...
Yeah. It's fun to visually imagine things and map them out and build them up. Sometimes I like to rotate a few visuals around, like you would do in a CAD program. This sort of thinking works both...
Visual - 13 Kinesthetic - 3 Auditory - 0  I love listening to music... A lot.
First off, stop watching those crazy drama shows where people talk behind each other's backs and end up backstabbing the hell out of anything.... After that... Your World. Your Life. Everything. Will...
Non-existent. Kinda. I usually don't let my guard down.. but only to a few, select people, who I sometimes open up to but not like every time I talk to them. I have always done an annual assessment...
It varies. If it's something that's important or that I'm passionate about then of course I'll make myself clear. Otherwise, I'd probably be oblivious to my mysteriousness unless someone points it...
I've haven't been in a relationship.. or so I think..
I just read the thread title and thought...  Yes. It is possible to move between an INTP and ENTP. ONLY IF there are two such people within the same vicinity as you are. Though the INTP probably...
Youtube link or this never happened.   Nevermind, I managed to visualize it whilst reading your horrible experience. But seriously? A slim jim? I never knew that people still ate those meat sticks.
Nope. I have a watch to help me out with that.
Eureka! to Doctor Who? Well, from the current Doctor, Matt Smith. When you watch him whilst he's thinking of a plan and comes up with it, you see his facial expression... and it's somewhat...
Lightbulb! > Eureka!> Doctor Who > Geroooniiimoooooooooo  For those visualization examples-- I know that it says visualization, but I don't know if that's for us to visual or if that's what you...
Woops. I voted, but I didn't read that extra requirement where we had to be straight. To be honest, I don't think it matters.
Photos or it didn't happen.  Did it ever occur to you that he was only staring at you because he was trying to draw you and put you in a comic book that he's creating?
48528  This is what the moon looks like from Space. This Is What the Moon Looks Like From Space | Space.com
Everything in its right place. My place happens to be clean. Nothing is on the floor besides my furniture. Not much mess on my desk as well; I tend to clean it off before I go to bed unless I have...
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy - DON'T PANIC!  Chronicles of Narnia - I read the whole series when I was thirteen and enjoyed it immensely.  Calvin & Hobbes - Love this.
1 The Originator   1's are originals. Coming up with new ideas and executing them is natural. Having things their own way is another trait that gets them as being stubborn and arrogant. 1's are...
Major in Product Design. That's what I did. I see it as a combination between Art and Marketing. With Product Design (Industrial Design) you end up being a jack of all trades so to speak. You need to...
deSouza: 1w2, 7w8, 3w2 sx/sp splashedcolors: 3w2, 5w6, 9w8 Boxter9: 3w4, 7w6, 9w8 saltare: 3w4, 7w8, 8w7 Marzipan01: 4w5, 8w9, 7w6 (sx/so/sp) O_o: 5w6, 3w4, 1w2 Agent Blackout: 5w6/7w6, 9w1,...
I tend to ramble on when I'm thinking out loud. It confuses the people that I'm talking to so I have to verbally tell myself to stop talking. Then I walk away. It is hard to NOT say something and I...
Wait. Did he say that he liked you just out of no where or did you ask him if he liked you? Or was it more of a like where he was comparing you to someone else? Or are you actually in a like...
Fantastic.
When I'm stressed, everything just seamlessly comes together.
I tend to just.. Talk. With an accidental disregard as to whether the person understood what I was saying. Though, every now and again, I'll ask if they understood my train of thought or whether they...
Don't you hate it when you're walking with your friends and you cross the street because you don't see any cars coming by... then you turn around in the middle of the road just to see your friends...
ENTP 7w8  Your Noble Score is 6 Your Socratic Score is 3 Your Reflective Score is 1  If your Noble score is higher than the other two, you are a Noble. The Noble is direct, straightforward,...
I like to guess and check and learn along the way. But if I know that it's something that's super important and will have dire consequences in the future if the work isn't done correctly, then I will...
Oh, please don't talk about naked people doing random things or throwing feces and stuff about horrible monsters. All of these images in my head start popping up and I actually see them. It's a gift...
A good friend of mine is going to be leaving for the other side of the world, soon. Lately we've been talking about our experiences together during the time that we've known each other. I'm going to...
Keeping it simple with a black t-shirt and dark denim jeans.  I read an article about a few designers who wore something simple everyday. One of them was about how Steve Jobs kept wearing the same...
Question: So does this mean that the INTP had more knowledge about the idea beforehand?
I'm not really interested in the nightlife... whatever that may be to any of us.
I've noticed that my friendships with people tend to last an average of two years. I don't have any childhood friends nor have I kept close contact with the friends that I have made during my high...
Are you kidding me?! I have a super active imagination. I hate scary movies. And when someone mentions ones of those crazy people that you see in those scary movies... I can see them automagically...
Animated Inventor  INVENTOR  Your imagination, self-reliance, openness to new things, and appreciation for utility combine to make you an INVENTOR.  You have the confidence to make your visions...
Paranoid

26%49% Schizoid



||58%53% Schizotypal





||90%53% Antisocial



50%47% Borderline
|18%47% Histrionic

22%43%...
Let me guess.. you're the lowly secretary? To be honest this ENTP probably doesn't know that they're doing it, so yes, do tell them if you wish to unless you're scared to do so. Actually, why do...
Fringe, House, Eureka, Doctor Who, Bones, Leverage, Castle, etc.
I love giving direct eye-contact to people. I sometimes do it as a test to see how long they can sustain such eye-contact and if their the ones to look away first. It's sometimes funny if they do as...
Gotta teach you how to kiss the next time around, buddy.
That's not crazy. That's pretty normal.
A clusterfuck of awesomeness would occur.
Sharks with knives? Reminds me of that Snickers commercial. I was eating Nutella with this really great Bimbo pre-toasted bread just now and it's delish. I used to be interested in Greek Mythology,...
If I initiate the conversation to someone that I know who would understand the subject that I'm going to talk about, then I will be enthusiastic because I don't need to worry if they aren't on the...'"


924: Learning isn't about memorizing facts and data. Learning is about understanding the general concept or big picture. Once you get this framework down it's much easier to understand where the pieces of...
isfj
?
Except no one did this.
1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type?  Well I resonate with a lot of different personality portraits. I often test different things depending on when I take the test. ...
Nevermind, after re-watching your video I'm going with INTP. I think what I considered elaboration at first is actually a combination of Ti + Ne. Particularly you're exploring all of the possible...
This one was a bit hard. I was stuck between INTP and ISTJ. However, I'm going with ISTJ  IIRC Ti does a concise, terse summary (Michael Pierce). You hardly do that at all, instead you elaborate A...
bump. I'm pretty much narrowed down to ISTP INTP or ISTJ
Mm i'll describe my impression of Ti usage.  In essence it's the act of breaking down a object. Essentially you get rid of the fluff and appearances of a object to understand its fundamentals. For...
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Zdf7Afgfq8Q/maxresdefault.jpg
I constantly start with mmm or mmhmmm at the start of my post. You can prolly find quite a few if you look at my post history. Usually it means I found a topic I'm interested in. Uh I can see how a...
Mm according to Michael Pierce Ti uses knowledge as an end in and of itself. Te uses knowledge as a means to an end. His example is Isaac Newton who discovered calculus as a means to understanding...
Hmm. I watched Michael Pierce's videos on the INTP and ISTJ. The ISTJ is very different than my impression from many online profiles of the ISTJ. I can relate a lot with the ISTJ depicted on Michael...
Hm interesting.  I read up a bit on the ISTJ profile. I hardly know the type very well, but I gathered a decent idea of what they're about. I relate more with the INTP profile.  This one in...
.
I think ESFP - and I'm pretty confident in that.
I will try.   I just would like to note I think it's kind of ironic that Ne is possibly my inferior function. I've actually been typed by interpersonality as an INTP.
Okay took a cognitive functions test  Te (Extroverted Thinking) (95%) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods  Ti (Introverted Thinking) (90%) your...
CS - but I think I'm going to change to math.
Yeah I'm not buying into the hype either. I usually don't have much fun with WRPGs except for certain missions, like oblivions dark brotherhood missions - or the time in Fallout3 when you were in...
.
This is pretty much the same as the studying thread. Over working and over studying leads to a decrease in efficiency. The solution is periodic breaks.
Assuming you're in school, or have gone to school, what's your major or degree in?
It depends on what you're studying. The harder stem courses require more studying than the soft, or social, sciences. Math for example demands a certain amount of studying, where as some soft science...
Ya - screw this guy for trying to hit on someone out of his league.
INFP - sometimes so much wasted potential. But I still love you guys.  -I'm prolly intj for future poster.
http://cdn.meme.am/instances/500x/57388083.jpg
I need 15 posts so I'm posting my 15th here.
ENFP based on a quick skim of your posts
I suppose that's one reason why Si is so strongly associated with tradition. The act of carrying out a tradition leaves an impression that reminds them of past times they had the impression. Again I...
Hmm that's tough for me then. I have some trigger sensory stimuli that invokes the same nostalgic impressions for me. For example listening to old game music like chrono trigger frog theme will take...
ah that makes sense. I'm wondering, for an Si dom would they get these impressions very often, even from everyday objects?
Ahh I see, that makes sense. Ni uses the object as a boot strap to start the musing process - which is it's primary focus. The object is merely a catalyst and loses focus after the process has...
Based on your definition of the functions, I'd have to say that I believe everyone uses both. Honestly, I think everyone has subjective musings about objects presented to them. This could be in the...
Bump...does no one have any thoughts on this?
Hi all, I'm wondering if I'm using Ni here.  I looked at Michael Pierces videos and my impression is that I use Ni Te Fi Se in that order, but I'm not certain. I'm fairly sure of the Te Fi stack,..."


937: 'Well, maybe... I thought it is more like your MBTI type and your proneness to stress and anxiety...
With A I mean assertiveness and with T turbulence.   So I took the personality test on 16personalities and I got turbulent. Again.   I read their articles on the topic, but it doesnt really...
Id say:  Sherlock : INTx. It just feels wrong to write intj or intp. He is basically both. Mycroft : INTJ with ISTJ tendencies John: ISFJ Mary: ESTP? Mrs. Hudson: ESFJ Moriarty - ENTP Irene -...
Thank you so much, guys. You really helped :D  I am thinking to give us a month or two to see how things develop.
I also dont think that youre a serial killer. You might be a cereal killer though... #holmes
Im pretty familiar with dealing with my subconscious. With other people its a little risky so I just try to observe them more deeply.  And yes, I would be willing to guide/teach him. He is what I...
He told me a few times that he doesnt see any progress. I had to move twice, once because I just moved to town and hadnt a place to live yet and once because they unexpectetly raised my rent. I...
So what do you think would improve the situation?
Well, what are you thinking?
Spoiler Alert: Here comes a relationship/feely issue.   So, Im with my INTJ for over 6 months now. Its been pretty hard for both of us... For me, because I had to move and change jobs for a few...
Most probably entj
You most probably are not average/mainstream funny. But you could be Wednesday Adams kind of funny ;)
I think an example of a good ENTP female, INTJ male couple would be The Woman - Sherlock in the new series.  We totally are femme fatales
I think an example of a good ENTP female, INTJ male couple would be The Woman - Sherlock in the new series.  We totally are femme fatales
Hello, fellow ENTPs...  I am someone who always had a rather spiritual approach to sex and relationships. That started with like, my first fantasies at 14 and wayy before very frustrated...
Hello, my dear INTJs I was wondering, how do you feel about metal?  All the INTJs I know (quite a few) have subscribed their souls to the music of power and I wanted to know if there are...
Yes, I met 3 INFJ men so far.. Dated all of them. It was terrible. INTJs are a lot better(they even know it themselves..) As for the ENTP, I only met one so far (I think...). It was back in...
Last year I set about 124 goals (including learning some stuff and so on..). I accomplished all of them...
From the newer world of Fiction:  Emma Carstairs from Lady Midnight Lila from A Darker Shade of Magic I also think that Raven from the 100 might be ENTP, Im not sure though  Mary Elizabeth from...
INTJ-A, INTP-T, ENFP-T, and for some reason I also get a lot if INFJs coming and going out of my life..
I too find self improvement is a huge motivation for me.. Thats why I like this system, because it shows me exactly how many steps I took to improve myself..
Intelligence sparks my interest, kindness makes me stay.. so both..
Well, from what you said, you pretty sure want to go to the gym. So get up and do it...  (If it helps, Ill bet against you..)
I used to reward myself after 20 points with stationary products.... I feel like now I have so many points on my wall that I want to see how long I will need to cover the entire wall. You onow what...
And again.. I dont think that the problem is the squirrel itself... Its the fact that we ENTPs really enjoy our squirrels...
Thank you, that is really nice of you : )
Well thats good for you. I need it because I have nearly no discipline and no follow-through... This reminds that I can do stuff if I want to, and it motivates me to do even more, just as a...
Thats why I use the 10 minutes. I usually reset the timer to remind me to stay focused, as many times as I need it. Somedays it works with 10 minutes, other with 5 or 25... It really depends on my...
I too think that INTJ M and ENTP F are a good match, simply for the reason that both parts usually are not easily hurt by harsher comments, but see it as a way to improve..     Generally it is a...
I usually need 1 minute to mentally prepare for what I am doing... thats why I think 10 or 5 works better..
Hello dear PerC ENTPs!  I just wanted to tell you that I found a way I can easily beat procastination that works really well for me and I want to share the recipe with you.  Two months ago I had...
If you ask me, I believe that entps are far better matches for intjs than enfps. For the simple reason that entps are more curious and a lot more eager to learn..    My INTJ friend has a ENFP...
Thank you. Why didnt you try to ask for scholarships at different institutions?
Thanks for the crowdfunding idea.. I havent thought abou that before..    Thank you.. unfortunately my citizenship doesnt allow me to take any loans...
Thank you!    I asked at everywhere without getting results... I unfortunately dont have enough money to last through the first month of the semester so merit scholarships arent an option. I...
When teachers stare at you for having incredibly smart comments/arguments, a pretty knowledge of everything, a social life and a lot of stuff to be a geek about :P   When you feel that the smarts...
Thank you. Just thank you.     Dont get me started on the science thing. Like what? Im a girl and I cant enjoy a good mental challenge?  Trust me, I can think about anything I want to, to...
Doe, Im sorry.  This is just really bad.  She is playing with you. Which means that most probably she wasnt interested from the beginning, but you had her attention for a short moment and you...
Hello ENTPs.  This post might also have fit in the education category. But I want your ENTP point of view on this.   Sooooo, I want to go to college/university/whatever you want to call a higher...
BS. My Boyfriend never leaves the house and Im completely fine with it. I have my friends, he has his PC and it works just fine...
Thank you. Im more of an 8w3 I think. Enneagram is someway always changing for me (before I was an 7w8). And thanks for the advice with the istps, unfortunately istps dont quite do it for me. I...
Hey, I am an unhealthy ENTP... How Ive come to this realization you ask? Well Ive been asking myself whats wrong with myself for a long time. Theories includet: PTSD, Depression, Anxiety, which...
Name: Always liked the sound of the color blue. It is cold but also sophisticated. And I totally love wolves.  Profile picture: Thats what its like for me in a world full of SJs.
I love shows but acting isnt really mine. I helped a yearly production as the mastermind behind the play, by creating a rough script/ selecting the music and the actors, and by being a presenter. I...
So I can partially understand your issue. I believe that eventually you developed yourself so much that you can use multiple functions depending on the situation. For me, this is the ultimate goal. I...
I kind of feel like you INTJs want everybody to be an ENFP...
Thank you :) . From what you wrote I can tell that you understand it very well... Fact is, I was in many relationships before (with other types of course, including 3 infj's) and I never felt that I...
Thank you, thank you a lot ! That was what I was looking for :P
So, I am in a relationship with an INTJ now for 2 months and I was wondering how I can make it easier/more enjoyable for him, given that he really didnt have many close relationships. I am asking...
Hey there! My INTJ Boyfriend and I made an agreement because I was worried at first that he wouldnt get enough alone time. So basically I asked him to tell me clearly when he needs alone time, and...'"


982: '1. As an ENTP female, do you prefer to seduce or be seduced ?   I prefer to be seduced, but often times with girls I fall hard and seduce them.  2. What's your main moves as ENTP female ? (so...
I have been known to smile at the ceiling when I am drifting off and don't hide when I am feeling mad or sad, but prefer not to verbalize it because I want a chill atmophere, and will solve the...
calmness
I hate setting long term goals, partly because I am at a young stage in life where I can do anything. So whenever someone asks me what my plans are, they get some random answer of what I am doing...
I like to travel alone as well, it allows me to explore without having someone rush me. I will meet people on the way if needed, or maybe take someone if they have a car. I would only take someone on...
a new short term goal so I dont feel like nothing is going on
+ The Great Gasby - The adventure of Huckleberry Finn
Tell me which of these makes you happier:   1.) Going to bed knowing you can sleep for as long as you want OR a compliment from a stranger.   2.) The smell of freshly-baked bread OR a full fridge...
I got detention for never doing my homework, breaking stupid rules (tardy, going to places without a pass) and rarely not knowing when to shut up
WYSIWYG I dont fake stuff online or ever.
Please write your formula: INFP + ISFJ = ENFP (I got the E because my 2 siblings are introvert and my mom is always in her own world so I make decisions for the family plus I dont really see my dad...
More capitalistic you get when you answer questions that are like support chain restaurants, less government control over the market and competition for those money questions.  I got...
ENxP 6/10 I could be more popular if I did sports at the school, and felt the need to branch out. Right now, especially this year my friends need me and I am keeping a more tight knit group, but...
I skipped to about :40 sec and at 1:10 I was feeling it. I like when the guitar starts because it is taking over the world music. The beat doesn't get boring and occasionally throws me off. I added...
www.youtube.com/watch?v=7T7WY9tiaPI  I found this really funny, because I am a WWE fan and she really didn't want to buy SuperSlam.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47qEeWLZhwQ&amp;feature=kp  Just Jammin to Unicorn Kid, takes me to another world.
A reality check
Personal  ~  * Name - Grace Nicknames: Botan, Ace  * Male/Female/Trans? -Female  Location - Where were you originally born? Where do you live today? Any interesting story behind that?
The ones that apply most to me are, 8, 14, 5, 23, 17, 13, 4
I picked 7 although I should have picked 8 but I didnt know what perpetuator was until I saw the pic.      The Cleaner- because my desk needs to have space before I can work  The List Maker-...
board games- rolling the dice and guessing th number before I roll, monopoly (with the right people), apples to apples, chess Video games- Alan Wake, Borderlands, World of Warcraft, Vindictus,...
I fall into all the groups because I am in a politics club, tech theater, and do sports. I also help people with academics and have fun at the school parties. Most people would label me as...
I start blushing hard and need a few minutes to compose myself before approaching. If you suprise me by approaching first, I might seem disintrested or awkward, but when I am ready to approach I have...
So how did the date go?
Pictures of you smiling, maybe at an event  Show us Passion for what you do (unclear)  Don't include income because middle aged women can be judgy  I don't really like the way the self summary...
When my friend came over to my house at 3am because he had family problems and needed a place to think. That was a year ago
Hear me out Ok I will do it I am being serious What are we saying Stop being a chicken
I hate repeating myself especially when the person obviously wasn't listening the first time.
Radicalism 63.75 Socialism31.25 Tenderness 37.5  These scores indicate that you are a tough-minded moderate progressive; this is the political profile one might associate with a liberated...
This is a foreign song so I linked the subbed version. It has a good beat and is basically an ENTP theme song the way I interpreted it.  action nu'est eng sub search that on youtube and it is the...
1.) Unethical- I have my own ethics 2.) Joker-My friends say I am funny and people are always smiling 3.) No feelings- I am not open about them 4.) Cocky- Eh 5.) Not romantic- I haven't found...
9w1 just likes when everything is calm.
Are you a rager?  Yes  Do you only rage absolutely when you're finally at your limit;  It happens once a month and it is my way of venting and letting loose thoughts out  Are you calm always,...
I did my first 10 mile race late april because we had a training group. I had a great running partner who kept the time (we did walk 1 min run 5 min) and could keep a conversation. She was a lot...'"


983: 'being superficial ha?
1) i was not bragging. that is how you interpreted what i said. why do you see offense everywhere? and after that you go personal.      i said that i would be happy to talk to you in case you have...
Nah, this communication is fruitless.  Yes, thank you for pointing the wrong phrasing haha. From now on I shall only ask people to DO me favors.  Kinda funny, how you make such a big deal out...
are you sure you are entp? you are freaking out so much... going personal. give me a favor  - lets have a civilized discussion haha
nah, we do grasp it ) we just think it is bsht.
i edited the response - us, entps arguing is a lovely view indeed. what shall we argue about next? haha....hm how about... oh let it come naturally lol
entp ladies, does this sound any familiar?  you: we should NOT start dating, because i will screw you at some point and you will hate me and it will affect our work/friendship/relationship with...
would you care to explain then? i do not get impression that one is a che-hater from that quote )  ok. maybe admire is not the best term, perhaps it is too strong. for the purpose of arguing my...
nah... still.... would not put that ugly apple on anything lol ;)  there is a statement about Che in your signature.   and sometimes arguing is pointless, so we come to some conclusion about a...
NO WAY! I, personally, hate all the Apple stuff. It is like writing that we all like chanel #5...   And, I also dislike people who admire Che Guevara. He killed inocent people. So if someone likes...
in a hard, stressful, emotianally painfull situation (when something bad happened, like when someone is really sick etc) you go like ok, what do we do now and a list of perfectly rational decisions...
i used to have many problems exactly like the ones that you describe. what changed/tought/motivated me was this: i was required to communicate with my employer exclusively via email - that is...
had to deal with the problem. in my opinion, the best (very efficient) assumption to make is that the person who you are writing to is an idiot (OR may be too busy, preoccupied with someting else etc...
And yes. You honestly do not understand why communication between the two sexes some people view as so complicated. Just yesterday, was reading the Mens-health magazine. I could not help but lol at...
Yes, I love that contrast too ))   And becuase we think like guys, we have guy friendS. Consequences of that that you have to face:    you do have problems explainig that some guy-friend you...
in addition to the thank button they should make a that-is-SO-true button :)
more on the subject of yelling:  when you are certain that you have every right in the world to demand that people behave in the way you think is rigth. sure this does not apply to every sphere of...
when you HAVE tried to be nice to some people who DID lose your sympathy at some point, to rephrase the ones who did you wrong. (why?! well, NOT because you believe that THAT is what ought to be...
oh, yelling at them has also been an option. content of the yelling being something like: OK, now you ve been talking for 5 minutes BUT have not said anything that would answer my question....! the...
When you hear something like that:   x93How did you get HIM (the big boss) to sign a blank piece of paper?!....x94  Somehow you can make people do what you say. Your bosses too.  Here is another...
well, nah - i was being sarcastic when mentioned time machine. no feelings (capital F) involved. the thing was that i almost got my friend fired. and that was never my intention.  so i was pissed at...
Who yelling? me yelleing? i am not yelling - that is the way i usually talk!  and sometimes entps ARE annoying hahaha
I am glad to deliver entertainment. However, am I being negative? Just stating the obvious I thought. Braking things or people or anything else is destructive. SURE, you can play with the pieces, be...
Blah-blah-blah. There we go - self-centered little us. Ego, personal, growth, sacrifice.   And, there goes another trait - we ignore things that we do not like, or that do not fit with our...
and welcome to the thread!
Oh and also we can be incredible jerks. Insensible to the point that we really hurt somebody (just by being oh-so-awesome ourselves in the most innocent and careless way etc), and when we come to...
Oh, I do not even bother to discuss realtionship. I went a.d.d. on all the relationship-posts above. My usual reply to my friend's (both girls and guys) complaints about relationsip is - go find...
Yeah - I am going to spend two weeks ALONE. And - I am looking forward that time.  Same with traveling. Dont you think? I do not mind and actually even prefer to travel alone. There are so many...
entps (me at least) are more likely to read a long post if it consists of short points ) i think it is the first long post i ve read here
It is just that I visualized the metaphor in a slightly different way.
what? vacuum cleaner of knowledge? what is that?
meh - everybody says that. you ll be back.
Guys, being ENTPs we are always trying to figure the world around us out, we are trying to understand how things work. This is in our nature etc etc etc. AND NOW - look at the thread: ENTPs trying to...
office full of SJs  hahaha THAT is the place to run away screaming from
Just last weekend tried to stop a drunk raging guy (who I knew went to prison). I did that to protect another person. That drunk raging guy ended up backing away from me, because I was poking him...
It does suck, indeed. On the second thought... who cares!? ))))
Guys, what strikes me most here - is when you see other people write exactly what you once thought yourself. About horror movies - yes, always finding ways to outsmart the bad guys. About the escape...
Dont think that anybody has written about this yet. The type is also described as being dangerous.   Think this is related to one of topics that were discussed here before - what do u do if ninjas...
happy bday! and yes, it IS entp magic! we all have magic powers! :)  sometimes i really enjoy this little oh-we-are-so-awesome-club! i mean the thread))
AND, when, for whatever reason, you are acting just like a normal person would act - you are just being quiet, doing your job, minding your own business, etc, you get concerned looks and questions...
When you agree with the following statement:   Anything Worth Doing Is Worth Over Doing  21285
So funny! That is a very precise illustration!
When all of a sudden you have a x93Oh My God, what an ass I really am!!!!x94 momentx85 Importantly, this comes as another briliant conclusion you arrived at rationally. No feelings or emotions involved....
I will sure explain that. But first I need to write my potential employer that the way he's coding data is totally wrong. After I am done with that, I am all yours
ENTPs communicating...   Lets us admit that the thread has changed a lot. At the very begining it, the thread, primarily consisted of posts about funny and/or weird types of behavious that are...
Defensive - no. Confused and entertained - yes... Well, there is additional meaning when one writes prejudicezzzz instead of prejudices. If you or anybody else do not get the meaning.... oh...
Good point. [Smiles]
Oh, really? Do I really have to do this?  Well, I do not take this activity any seriously. The only puprose of using this internet resourse is pure entertainment, for me. More specifically, to get...
no dear..... your HOPE is destined to die. seems to me that the phraze was grammatically correct... no? read carefully bebe ))   eeeeh.... well, sorry got distracted, not going to finish wh....  ...
naturally...?'"


985: 'INTJ  Hermione Granger. Especially after she figured out her hair situation.
On that note: an unwanted fetus is basically a parasite. It's living off of you while you resent it more each day. I think my opinion is more unpopular than yours.
I actually like that phase where children ask why constantly, like after everything you say. If you diligently answer everything, most stop after five to ten questions.
Yeah, many including myself. (1988)
I really like the quiz resource feature. You have made a lot of great suggestions, but I was wondering if you could keep links to the quizzes, as a directory of free quizzes on the internet. I agree...
He's my boyfriend, and I love him. I meant it as a metaphor. I should have said it was July in Iowa in my heart. Why didn't I think of it?
Oh shit, then what I really said was that this person leaves me cold.:bored:
This makes me happy and I have no idea why. Oh cruel world!
I agree with this one. I think rejecting someone because you care is just a guy thing...and totally illogical.
This happens a lot where I live. I generally give them about five seconds and then honk. A light tap isn't rude. The horn is your only way of communicating with other drivers besides the blinker....
I know what you mean. A little over five years ago, I was really into protest marches. I enjoyed the traveling and the exercise, but I always felt like I couldn't work up the emotion that everyone...
Just the other day I had the brilliant idea of building a fort out of my books.
When it scares you to come to the Thinker thread and realize that it's a bunch of T people EMPATHIZING WITH EACH OTHER. AHHHH!!!!:shocked:
See, I can easily lay down the law in any given situation, especially with small children. The problem is I feel very silly and inside I am laughing at myself. I think the smarter ones can tell.
Well, actually there are already robotic limbs for amputees. Been thinking about this, it actually could help a lot of people out.
Your handwriting reminds me a lot of my own.
You know your a thinker when you're watching  House M.D. and a patient projectile vomits blood everywhere and your only reaction is to take another bite of your ice cream.
Feelings can be a mask too, especially when used to manipulate.
You know you're a thinker when it comes as a shock to you that not everyone thinks as much as you do. Ti moment: I was homesick at summer camp when I was eleven or so and kind of worried so I was...
Maybe this isn't an N thing because I showed it to my lead teacher who is ESFP and she saw it too.
You know you're an intuitive when you wonder if Darner's avatar's donkey always had those cool wraparound sunglasses.
They said every animal. What about the animals that were already in the sea. Wouldn't that be a pointless waste of space. I also wonder about marsupials--kangaroos and koalas. Did they even have...
You know you're an intuitive when the spoon marks on the bottom of a bowl of yogurt polished off by a ravenous toddler look to you like an angry chimp.
I would read your worldview.
How do you figure it out? What are the clues?
I don't know where I would be without my ISFJ mom. Her talents are my weaknesses.
You know you're a perceiver when you read an article on Wikipedia, click the first link, read that article, clicked the first link and so on and so on until you have started reading 50 wikis and...
I like watching people and trying to figure them out, so in the end it is worth the extra time spent.
And suddenly, Candle in the Wind by Elton John plays in my head...the Marilyn version.
That is something feeling related that Thinkers can be really good at, cheering people up with jokes, especially XXTP.
Empathy is a type of solution. It just takes longer and isn't as efficient. And just because it worked last week doesn't mean it will work the same way again. It's not a principle and it isn't...
Well, they do sometimes, like when you put gas in your car so you can get to work, or when you tie your shoes so they don't fly off and hit your coworkers in the head. However, both means and ends...
Sometimes, I think the Extroverted Intuition can take the place of feeling and make us more aware of emotions. But that doesn't mean we are Feelers. N can also make people seem sensitive--they are,...
Thinking types can be pretty empathetic too. Also, like the use of the phrase, bullspit.
I once had a friend in high school who always wore her hair in two buns like Scary Spice. One day, I commented, Your hair looks like ears--bear ears. I meant it as a compliment but she was livid...
I think that the impulse to provide solutions is a form of empathy. It may just be hard for us to believe we don't have to do much more than be empathetic. I feel a bit uneasy myself when trying to...
I have done this before, only writing a letter in my head but not irl and then having to come back and do it for real.
ESFP then. It's the average of the three guesses because 2 are E and 2 are S while I and N only have one each.
I agree with this, though I still need to read the book. Other characters played by that actress (Agnes in The Poker House, the girl from Frozen River) also seem ISTP. The S variable was the hardest...
I could see Ni, because it increases the ability to worry about the dangers of sharing a toilet with the maid.
Well, maybe Hilly doesn't succeed, but she definitely tries to be when she Skeeter is procrastinating on putting her initiative into the Junior League Newsletter.
I feel like Constantine would be INFP. She's very inspiring. Hilly just seemed much to scary and threatening to be ESFJ...maybe I just don't spend enough time around them though.
What do you think? Skeeter- INTP Hilly ESTJ :angry::crazy: Elizabeth Lefolt ESFJ Abeline-INFJ Minnie-ESTP Celia Foote ESFP That Guy Who Can't Handle Skeeter--ENTP Charlotte Phelan--ESTJ...
Correction of correction of correction--am INTP...final. Whoo. :p:confused:
trigonometry. I thanked you because you are awesome.
What if you went to a Buddhist monastery or something--some sort of retreat. You would meet like minded people who like being quiet and not buying stuff. :shocked:
I actually didn't. I really just stared at the screen, transfixed. I still enjoy that movie.
I like Da Vinci a little more. He was a true Renaissance man and would have made a much better dinner guest than Michelangelo.  As a consummate artist, the better one was Michelangelo though.
Yeah, I did more research because I was puzzled on P/J and Ti/Te. So, I've changed it. Still NT though, so it may be relevant. I bounce back and forth between orderly and whimsical so it's hard to...
1. It really depends on the time period, doesn't it. I've been all sorts of ways. I was quite mad when I came here the first time, under a different name and had bounced from madness to sanity many...'"


987: 'An earpiece that can detect your emotions and the things going on around you, taking into consideration both internal and external factors to choose and play the perfect theme song for any given time...
Haha! It wasn't actually supposed to be funny, but whatever. I'm glad my accidental humor made you laugh! XD
Here are my levels of love, in my opinion. Every person I know falls on one of these levels.  1. You annoy me. There's very little love here, but if you came to me and apologized for being an...
I perceive stubbornness as a lack of open-mindedness, shutting down others' ideas in an irrational favor of your own. Sticking to your convictions is good, yes, but only to a certain point, and only...
Really? How interesting. I think those must be the kinds of people who don't like to draw attention to themselves. I certainly enjoy it.
Haha! I've done this before. I think that this happens when we can understand what you're going through, and easily empathize. It's like, when we don't really understand why you're upset, we just...
I'm very good at mathematics, but I totally hate it. There's something about the whole one right answer and one procedure to achieve it that kills me a bit inside. I'm currently double majoring in...
He really likes dark, fantastical, dystopian fiction, books that with the proper imagination and willingness to explore possibilities, can seem realistically possible, and wants to know if that type...
It depends. I don't like things that involve pain or self-injury, but everything else is awesome to me. I love extreme sports, watching weird, disturbing TV, wearing unusual and potentially offensive...
Haha! Yes. I don't understand women, and I am a woman myself. You just can't win!
Generally, I apologize on a daily basis because I understand that I do stupid stuff and don't think very much, and then it accidentally hurts other people. My apologies are weird though, because...
1. What is your 'general state of mind' in following situations as an Ne-Dom, : a. Working on a problem/issue   if it's a problem I've seen before, my subconscious takes over (like muscle memory)...
Dude, raccoons are cool. I'd be a raccoon any day.
I like to learn about superstitions. I think it's fascinating to learn about all the crazy things that people think will help them be successful or some shit. I don't believe in them, but I think...
It's generally very easy for me to walk away. One problem I have, however, is the fact that I have so much trouble telling people why I don't want to talk to them/be in a relationship with them that...
I agree! It's hard for me to not like someone. Like, someone will say, Oh, I hate her! And it never even crosses my mind to hate that person. It's just not an emotion that comes easily to me.
Dude, you talk in circles. All your posts basically contradict everything you said before. You are nonsensical, and I'm done trying to understand you. Goodbye, and good luck in the rest of your...
Oh, that must have been irritating! Sorry if I gave anything away.
Right now....I'm interested in the ukulele, origami, making things out of other things (the other day I made a handbag out of hotel key cards), and graduating college.
Neutral Good. I can see that. Developed Fe, I suppose...
I got 15, and noticed the gorilla only because I read about tests exactly like this before. The Invisible Gorilla (read The Invisible Gorilla and Other Ways Our Intuitions Decieve Us) was the exact...
by It doesn't mean anything, I think you really mean that it doesn't affect you in any way. If everyone went through life just thinking, what's in it for me? Then life would totally, completely...
We'd be a fucked up slinky though, because as evolution progresses, we would be becoming more and more lifeless and dead.  unless......what if what we, humans, think is lifeless, is actually a...
The honor has been mine, my friend.
Explain this to me. How is my reaction, by calmly explaining my answer to you, is even remotely the same as my grandmother? She has no idea why she likes one thing and hates the other, yet she...
Boy Wonder: I've read a few of your threads, and can I just say that you seem like a fucking excellent person? You're like the epitome of ENTPness. It's awesome.   Secondly, this sounds awesome,...
I had to quote this because I couldn't remember it all at once. So basically, what you're saying is that all life forms are just a working part of the universe, like blood cells and hair follicles?...
I understand that some of you may be upset with Entejay, but be has just as much right to be here as everyone else does, so I suggest we treat him with appropriate respect.   However... Entejay,...
This was merely an example, a small excerpt from my grandmother's life that I thought accurately portrayed her unwillingness to learn and be open to new ideas. This exact scenario didn't upset me...
I totally agree. Closed minded people annoy me to no end because THEY DON'T WANT TO LEARN THINGS.   My grandmother, an ESFJ, annoys the crap out of me because she refuses to agree with anyone or...
Haha! It's totally cool, I make up words all the time too. :)
I seem to never really get pissed off by people. They just don't annoy me because I kind of see the world as a source of amusement.   Are you easily upset by people? What makes you upset?
First of all, this conversation is awesome. My INTJ friends and I have insane conversations quite frequently, and they're always epic.  Secondly.....conversating? What? ....Do you mean...
My ideal relationship would be with someone who was a T, but had a very highly developed F side. Someone who would solve problems and think rationally most of the time, but also not be adverse to a...
Yes, very, very low sensing function, GYX_Kid. Is that the problem? Because I always have a terrible grasp of what's going on around me, be it in a restaurant, at the park, everywhere. I actually run...
None! BRING ON THE STEREOTYPES!!!!!   Honestly, I don't really care if people think I lack morals, or don't take things seriously, or are unfaithful. It just proves that they haven't gotten close...
I have trouble with one-on-one interaction unless we're doing something together, like working on a project. Otherwise, it's totally draining. Too many awkward silences, pauses, boring conversation...
Hi!  So I was wondering if this is just my problem, or if it is a trait that all ENTPs share...  I can't remember directions. At all. I have no idea how to get from my house to the grocery store...
From my experience, most ENTPs have one sense that they can use to its full capacity, almost extraordinarily, and all the other senses are extremely lacking.  For instance, I can remember almost...
I'm not sure what you mean by apply him/her self so I'm going to go down a few paths. I'm going to use a male example, just because him/her takes a long time to write. :)  One could be the ENTP...
http://m.youtube.com/#/watch?v=9-SQGOYOjxs&amp;desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3D9-SQGOYOjxs  i don't know if I did that correctly, I'm a bit new. It's supposed to be  Prayer of the Refugee by Rise...
As a disclaimer, I flirt with pretty much everyone, without even really knowing I do it. Being playful and slightly risqu has always been my style. When I really like someone, basically all the...
I love INTJs. My SO and three of my best friends are INTJs (two female and one male) and I love them all to death. Here's why:  1. They are on the same emotional and mental level as I am. They...
Ne for me also manifests itself when I'm creating things. I like to make clothing, so I'll start sewing a skirt, then my brain will go like this:  Skirt is grey. Silver is like Grey. Silver is...
badgers ohh! Okay. I get it now. Cool!
Hi!   So I was wondering if there's any consistency in the way we learn (whether we learn better auditorily, visually, or kinesthetically) as a group. I for one learn best auditorily, with visual...
Quality, definitely. I like to spend time with my SO, but if you're together ALL the time, things just get monotonous and too comfortable. If you're together twice a week, doing sick things like rock...
Here's how it would go down:  1. We'd all be fashionably late, arriving at least 15 minutes after the ENTP convention has started. We would frantically introduce ourselves to other people,...
Haha! Thank you. Your name is wonderful too. And also quite befuddling...do you just really love badgers, or...?  Also, to the person above me, 9/10. Because your avatar is fucking conundrumically...
I freaking love you guys. You're brilliant, hilarious, rational, able to keep up with my bizarre train of thought, and when you get close enough, very loyal and caring.  The only downside I've...'"


991: 'So, I've graduated with a Bachelors degree in psychology just about a year ago. Since then I've done...  ...nothing...  Literally...well, at least in a physical sense...lots of thinking of...
Hey there m80s.  So, its been nearly a year since i graduated college. I graduated with a bachelor's degree in psychology. During that final semester, almost a year ago, last March, I had the...
I dont know. I mean, i could go into extreme detail about this. But i wont, because nobody wants to read a fucking thesis paper, and i dont feel like wasting all that time.   So, i guess all ill...
You're exactly right. I need to learn to become more disciplined. It's actually a big issue for me, giving into what seems most pleasurable at the current moment, not seeing the long term...
The only time ive actually been away from home was during that last semester of college. I took a trip to Boston to present research i did at a big psychology conference. I was away from home for 2...
Alright, i havent posted a thread here in a LONG fucking time, but i need advice, and it seems that whenever i've needed good advice, you internet people deliver, at least on this site.  I just...
I just used this thread to apply for an online blogging job that wants writers who know weird shit about sleep lol.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPy2o3oseMk
I honestly think that if i got paid to write creative witty articles and shit I would be twice as motivated to write them. You bring up a very good point though. I would be curious to see how money...
GREETINGS FRIENDS!  Much time has passed since my last visit here. How much time you ask? I know not the answer to that fuckin question, you can look for yourselves in my profile if you wish! But...
my god
When you're a fuckin winner.
No, I havent really been exposed to anyone completely insane. I do have a schizophrenic grandmother though, but she's on mess, and ive never seen her act crazy. Ya she's weird as fuck, but not so...
This actually made me feel better for some weird reason haha.   I only get this way when I am alone with my thoughts. When I get anxious like this, I crave human interaction and feel the need to...
Oh yes, it does exist, and I've got it! But there is still a co-pay fee that I have to pay even with the insurance. And that fee is around 40 to 50 US dollars.   Due to the pathetic-fuck-ness of...
So I'm 21, and had my first legit panic attack last September. It was the night before school started up again. I'm a senior in college this year.   Ever since that panic attack, I have had this...
This isn't an advertisement-spam for this game haha. Though it may sound like it! This is because...well...I can get cool shit from recruiting people...might as well be truthful about it :crazy:....
You are known by your professors for pulling off large projects, papers, presentations, at the very last moment and doing really good on them...AND, you are socially awkward.
Nah' dat I got mah' dick wet, ima PIMP ass NIGGA, niggaaaaa'
Im such a fucking hypochondriac. Holy fucking shit. This is driving me insane. Playing out all the ridiculous scenarios in my head....fuckin crazy mother always fillin my childhood head with the...
but is black the opposite of what? IS navy blue the opposite of brown? How the fuck is brown a neutral color???
Bring up some scientific-type humor, and then see if they react with their Ne, expanding on your joke about the singularity, or about how the native americans deserved what they got.
Wait for a gap in conversation. The say, well, i gotta get goin to do that thing ive gotta do. It was nice talking to you though, we'll have to talk again sometime!  Works every time.
This is what i wanted to hear...Thank you. Is there like, an internet checklist thing that i can actually take???
So, i just realized the cause of a huge amount of stress in my life.   Im a very intellectual person. The objective truth is the only truth, and that objective truth can be expressed in a variety...
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST BRO.  ya, i know that feeling of stimulated sleeplessness...its a weird state of mind...When im in that state im more creative and really good at call of duty
Thats so funny haha.  Now that i think about it, im pretty sure the entire length of the condom didnt go in her fully. I need to stop thinking about this, its going to drive me insane.
70%?!?!?! what???!??!?
Nigga' I'm fuckin scared. I know, this shit is awkward, but I ain't talkin to my muthafickin family about is shit!!! Their overprotective bullshit is the reason I'm 21 and just fuckin for the first...
Which is exactly why the chance that she is pregnant is extremely low.
Its like a 2 day old beard haha.  She kept telling me that i looked familiar, and that i looked like tom cruise and christian bale
yaaaa......  im 21 and male!!!  back of my mom's Subaru with seats down...my knees hurt.  Being an ENTP, i am good at everything the first time i do it. I confirmed this to be absolutely true...
interesting....hmm...ya, ive never actually looked at enneagram theory.   WHAT BETTER A TIME THAN NOW?!  thanks
Antidepressants and anti-anxiety meds...  ...hello emotion...Im scared to death of them!
Ya. Im pretty certain. Ive hear terrible stories from professors, and some people have even said that its not worth it...But I think im just scared, and cant imagine myself doing anything other than...
Ya, it feels like this slump has been building up over the past couple years or o.   While messing around with meditation and positive psychology techniques, Ive discovered non-resistance,...
Ya, lately ive been messing around with meditation and qigong, being that I have the chi flow of a kung-fu genius. Curious about yoga too. I wonder how well these alternative therapies can...
Well, I would really love to go to grad school. I need to talk to my adviser about that. Im terrified!
So I'm a senior in college this year. Psychology. Age 21. Been diagnose with depression anixiety and adhd. On meds, yada yada yada.   So far, I've been doing really well in school. Until this...
LET IT BE KNOWN TO ALL, THAT NOT ONLY HAVE I CREATED A NEW WORD (Ironicism), BUT ALSO A SANCTUARY IN WHICH ALL WHO WILL IT CAN GATHER TO EXPRESS ALL OF THE INCIDENTS OF STRANGE/FUNNY IRONY THAT IS...
Yes, I understand that having any type of luck would just be how much you believed in luck, and from that belief, you would be unconsciously led to situations and things that bring good or bad...
how'd you get rid of it?
What was your childhood like?
Are you a fuckin nutjob? Have you ever been to a crazy home? Do you slice your wrists, kill animals, or see dead people? Are you depressed as fuck, like a tongue depressor, that of which you have a...
Heeeeey you people....sup.  I am a fucking hypocrite. But not a negative judgmental one, but one who knows that he is a fucking hypocrite.  Why don't people like them? Because they tell people to...
You're fucking welcome!
boredom is so fucking weird. And chronic boredom is deadly!   But ive found that it isn't a matter of being bored, its a matter of finding things as rewarding, meaningful and stimulating.   so...
Ya its weird. Even with anxiety issues, I still seem to radiate arrogance and confidence on some subliminal frequency. This is why I will sometimes find specific types of people staring at me, or why...
There is a fighter jet. It looks like a cross between an f-18, f-16, and f-35.
This game, is the closest to a movie that a video game is going to get. I don't think I've ever gotten so into a video game's story and characters! Each character has their own personality and the...'"


998: http://i975.photobucket.com/albums/ae240/WhereIsNovember/ENTP%20Motivational%20Posters/intpsuck.jpg~original         http://i.imgur.com/I8kq0uJ.gif
k, that was too irresistible.. :)
lol    rofl    rly wtf ppl ^^
we are lazy, too. I guess u have to do that yourself :)  But I have a new question for the ENTPs / Willsgotbeer.   What's the most stupid question u have ever heard ? (excluding this one)
http://rs2img.memecdn.com/tits_c_1502265.jpg
To make it short: I can relate. It got 'healthier' in my late teens / early twenties.
Don't take everything so literally. I think 'you are too nice' was just a nice way of saying 'you don't understand'. Keep on being as nice as you can !     Niggard !
I don't like science, I love it. ALL of it, if it's true science.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6hxo1sC-dU
Actually I think she doesn't sound weird! She is right. It's ok, so don't worry, be happy.  And eat this :)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IepcVTv0_UA  In this song God is a metaphor, it...
I usually just make people laugh and forget. Distraction is my preferred method. In addition you can tell her she is great and everything is fine. Works with all types. And it should work very well...
Best book i ever read (no kidding). But 42 is wrong ^^
It does ? I think it's because i can't express myself too well in english and I'm lazy too. He's travelling around in New Zealand. He is working occassionally (different jobs), or just enjoying...
At first i was like 'the fuck you doin' here', but then i thought 'Well, he said it.' And your right johnny, your talents you posted once sounded pretty ESTP. No wonder you like creepin' here.  I...
!!!1!1  It's a fucking long time ago, but I remember I was 17 when i came to the same conclusion.  I still believe the 'main part' of the 'meaning of life' is to experience life your unique way. ...
Wow, easy please ^^.  I think you know that I didn't want to offend you.    Yes absolutely, captain obvious.  I have a feeling this is turning into something offtopic.
I couldn't decide, too. Procrastinated the decision. In the end it was like throwing a dart on the option-board. I ended up as engineer and regret nothing.    This seems to be a good advice....
The three instrumental albums is was listening the most in 2014. Hopefully at least EMWUZX appreciates this. And thanks again for reminding me of Deadringer, listened to it quite a few times in the...
Wow, the thread is great.   Nice move, asshole. It still hurts.  After the first page I didn't expect this to get better, but it did. The Apathetic Enthusiast... ahaha. I love you wise big kids.
I think I said this before. ENTPs usually cannot hate, because usually we don't care enough to hate.    This still deserves an unfunny answer:  Falco peregrinus Because can grab nice chicks on...
This. And I don't like it that I often can't enjoy time travel stories. In general I like science fiction (and fantasy).
I'm not even joking: Thanks for the videos, very interesting.
Indeed. Jack of many trades and master of few sounds about right, too - but i guess it just doesn't have the same ring to it.    And if talent = fast learning and if ENTPs do learn much faster...
1. I'm pretty sure that this is not want I wanted to do in the first place. But after reading this i want to confess. 2. Are sure ? :cool: Please feel free to send me your #number, girl :wink:. But...
Haha, is this an ENTP thing ? ^^    A deck building game (hearthstone) indirectly brought me to MBTI. True story.
I just read this, and thought 'fuck, my first joke really may be of target'. That's what I meant with being and idiot. ^^ But you answered you are quite adept there, so i hope it's ok lol.  And...
Dude, stop whining, everybody got problems.  Kidding ofc. Keep on ranting, I like stylish ranting ^^ I think your post is interesting, i don't know much about Asperger. And I like the flavor of...
Back 2 topic:  I wonder how much of some skills is actual natural talent and how much is training. Most skills have to be at least combination of both, especially if you learn the skills at an...
I'll take 'em all.
Ein Ja! fr Nein. (Yes)
My Ne needed less than a second to tell me that your friend is right.  Edit: The example would be more challenging, if you could 'beam' people like in Star Trek, and clone people that way. But I...
one more comment:  Lonewaer Funny theory, thin, but i think it's entertaining. And you are right, i mostly play mages, and if not, i play tanks ! (Bradwarden also is a 'tank' in Dota)
Oh, a thread about games and theories - two of my passions - I just had to look that up. ^^  I wanna response this post the most    First paragraph: You're right with the statement :) And you...
American solutions ^^    Maybe both ?  But it's kinda sad if you have to tell people that you shouldn't rape. That's like telling people they shouldn't kill. Everybody just has to know that.
Jenko I bet you are glad that you are unique again, haha.  Btw: Point 3 and point 6 is what everybody is doing all the time anyway. So you can mark that off your list. (and don't stop doin it)
Danke, wunderbar, das zieh' ich mir doch glatt mal rein. :)  Nur war einer der Hauptgrnde mich hier anzumelden, mein Englisch zu verbessern. Jetzt werde ich sofort wieder faul.  Na danke :(
Let's try this:  Not only am I perfect, I'm ENTP, male, german and an electronics engineer, too.
o.O   No, that's not what I meant, and I'm very sure that Psyphon isn't ignorant, too. He said    Nobody said it's too long ago to matter or anything of that sort !  It must be very...
1. I had to google what that is. And no, I don't have one. Never even thought about it. In all points I'm pretty close to Polemic's first post.  2. It's much more important what people think while...
So maybe we shouldn't give it more attention, as we (usually) don't have enough information to judge anyone. So we should just give him the benefit of the doubt and mind ur own business.  But i...
I don't know the Cosby case, but there was a similar case in germany that ended just this week. A 73 years old comedian was accused of rape. For me it's absolutely clear that he didn't do it, and...
Do I still have internet access in that room ? Anyway, i would play games, play music, read, play more games while listening to more music and only stop for basic needs like the occasional fapparino.
Hilarious inventive lazy ENTP incoming.
Nono. You can only hate if you care.
Strikingly original is a way to describe it i guess.  Btw: I really like that loathe track i posted (some pages ago). The video also cracks me up. But high-pitched creams and monotony, lack of...
Oh wow, i wasn't ready for that. ^^    Derange At 170: You dig that ? Or do you just want to annoy people ? ^^
Very nice. Thanks, i really like that. Free the Robots!  hm...too many options in my head now..  hard decisions..  ok..  Guru   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gs6wSE4tvw  Just decided to...
It's time for some electro-swing !   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qMj-j9BrBc  Edit: Actually I saw them/him live in Munich, that was fun =)  EMWUZX  Keep on playin something jazzy !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Fz85FE0KtQ#t=40s
Yeah, sometimes amusing, sometimes annoying. And I'm not even from america. It's like watching
The concept of marriage makes me laugh sometimes. Is that bad ?"


1024: 'Sounds like a typical ENTP trait to me. Role Se and H.A. Fe.
An entp's lack of ethics is likely going to bug the hell out of you. Find one that at least has some amount of morals that he lives by.
to each his own ^_^
There doesn't seem to be any governing body overseeing the information on socionics over the internet, so it's really just an experimental theory. It definitely needs more studying which will provide...
Do you mind listing a few things you find inaccurate on socionics theory?
Any relationship will work as long as there's mutual attraction. My dad's an ISFJ(Conflicting relation), and we get along great. I also know a chick who is an ISFP, my dual, and she gets on my nerves...
#4 is a definite!! We share that characteristics with the ESTP's. Almost like I don't know how I feel... or just, I feel a certain way about things,... but I can't verbalize it. It's weird...
They know I'm the guy who will get them out of their heads and their normal boring existence lol
As intended ^-^
We lack in ethics of relationships. Noticing how others are affected by our actions is the last thing on our mind. That and noticing things in our immediate environment.
Try listening to a person, without processing what's being said. As if you are foreign. How strange does the English language sound to you now?
Thanks, I'm just looking to broaden my view. I don't mean to dig, but I'm trying to get full opinions out of people. Which is the purpose of this post. MBTI types and Socionics types are pretty...
I agree that I have unusual random thoughts I tend to keep to myself lol
From what little I've seen? How can you form a valid opinion based upon a quick glance. It's too in-depth to just glance over really quickly. And also, Socionics has inter-type relation theory. And...
I like that concept ^-^
They need a chat forum for 15-19 year olds. That'd be interesting
Ohhhh hell yeah. I love to screw with people
Preciate it mayne
Fixed :p even though I'm sideways... I can dig that perhaps ^-^
Ah! Another youngen like myself, not often I see someone our age be interested in typology. Pretty cool ^-^ but it's cool, thanks anyway :p
Yes, thanks. I'll go now.
So can anyone give me a rundown on the coolest things on this site? Also, I've noticed I can't see my picture on my posts on threads, but I can on my page. Will that change with more posts, or do I...
Whatever it is, NO. Just no.
What runs through your mind, immediately upon hearing ENTP
That I'm so hedonistic at heart that it's hard to resist the newest better thing...
We fail when it comes down to ethics in relationships
The new black Sabbath single. 60+ and still badass
Title says it all
And also, I TOTALLY agree that MBTI is Precise in getting a model to adhere to the real world. If I were going to explain Typology to a friend, and I have in the past. I have and will continue to...
MBTI is preferred in organizing business employees I'm guessing because of it being more simple and easily understood. Though if they could get over the fact that it's too hard, Socionics will better...
Looks innocent, secretly a whore. Not saying it applies to all of course.
xanax
Title says it all.'"


1025: 'I mean look at two of our ENTPs fictional characters--Buggs Bunny and Mercutio from Romeo  and Juliet.  Life is  just a joke.
I really can't keep track of who you people think is 'bothered' and why you think they are bothered.  I hear that on other threads too.  The concept that people are 'bothered'. Me?  I'm really not...
Or let's take a social setting.  I meet somone for the first time and they want to talk about their problems?  Yuck.  Why not find someone who wants to have fun?  And this happens to me often. There...
>>>>you could always listen and make a  deeper connection with people,  I'm not that extreme of refusing to listen to any.  I will listen for limited amounts of time and under certain...
If they are like most of the shrews on this thread, I'm sure I wouldn't.
>>>>Ah, well it's not my place to say yes or no but don't a lot of women  think guys who can't have long term relationships to be a negative  reflection of the guy?  I'm just saying.  Well let...
Exactly what Lightinig said.  Also, I don't take debate personally.  If you take debate personally of course you will never change your mind, and it will be a real drag of an experience. And, from...
Thank you so much for this thread, Athena.  I agree, that at least by the description of the personality types, the two are dead on opposites. But I can't say how I get along with them in real life,...
Yes, and relationships.  I don't use the word 'relationship' often.  For instance, you have a relationship with your friends.  You have a relationship with your boss, although it might no be a good...
>>>>People claiming that talking about your accomplishments is bragging after they asked.  Excellent one, Varience.  What strange folks that don't see relishing the postive as a good thing. I...
All of those words in the origninal post, are just pejoratives for admirable qualities. Like cocky is just a word for someone who doesn't like a person who is confident and self-secure. The whole...
Reading the description of the ESTP, I would say that would be my very favorite type to hook up with, to be friends with of any of the 16 types.--so filled with zest and fun.
Who the hell calls marijuana 'dope'?  What are you, Joe Friday from Dragnet? I like to take periods of times smoking daily, then none at all.  Of course smoking daily puts me in a mellow and...
>>>With every post arises a new question.  Excellent.  That's excellent, isn't it?  >>>Why bring the idea that INTJs are more likely feminine in the sense that  they have qualities of mother...
I am printing in the default, Ariel font.  Does this font look any different than the font you type in? Let me ask you folks a question. If I said please stop typing in that font.  Your font is...
>>>>.  I really don't know enough about MBTI to even go there. Maybe one of  the more learned in this area might have a theory.  I just gave you one in my previous post.  >>>>Maybe we are...
I think that ENTP profile is accurate, but pretty shallow and simplistic. The one at typelogic is much better.  It expects a much more literate reader though.  I'm sure you are all familiar with it....
I'm not deliberately trying to annoy.  I'm just using my font of preference.  That's all--nothing symbolic and nothing personal. Well, I'm not using it right now, as I type.  Right now I'm using the...
I just switched fonts from my favorite, Comic Sans.  I got the default on.  I sure don't like the tiny, itsy bitsy size default though.  I like 4 for size.  Nice and readable.  But I hate the...
>>>>As far as I understand it, you are saying that ISTJ's are like that,  right?  Yes, Peter, I'm saying the ISTJ is like that:  having things and the world in a tightly structured, literal, ridged...
>>>>So you pretend to be abnormal  No, that is a conclusion you made up in your own head thinking to know more about me than I do, and thus making a declarative statements of who I am.  I don't...
OK, I'll try again.  >>>>>>>>>>>PS. Please stop using that font and use just normal  text. It's very  annoying when quoting a post.  I'm not sure what you mean.  I wish I could post like you guys...
..................
>>>>Don't your own findings contradict your theory?  It could be I mistyped something.   I asserted that ISTJ is more lopsided towards females than INTJ.  From my 180 students I found the most...
You can piss off all people some of the time, and you can piss off some people all the time, but you can't piss off everyone every time.
First, just think it through.  We ENTPs are the best doing that. Look at the qualities of ISTJs compared to INTJs.  Do you see how the quality of having things and the world in a tightly structured,...
>>>>As a male person, I've wore a tight, pink sweather combined with a torn  up piece of cloth tied around my wrist. And on top of that I used a nail  belt around dark blue sweats.  Nice!  I want...
>>>>Apparently there are people out there that instantly notice what people  are wearing when interacting with them o_O  This was news to me.  I tend  not to take notice of these things, or care. ...
Nice thread(ohh, am I close to a pun?) TreeBob.  For me, in general, I like to go out in clothes that are simple and loose,  and cotton is a must, but not generic and mainstream.  And that usually...
ISTJ is the one that is more predominately male. More so than INTJ.
>>>Would you mean something like, figuring out the work yourself, using  your own methods and doing it your own way, piecing together bits of  information you gather, getting the results and sharing...
>>>,,,that is, if you know how to pretend to be normal.  I try to avoid that at all cost.
In general I think what are they thinking! Gee, I feel really shitty and and full of negative energy, so let me share some of that shitty negative energy with you.  Wow, gee thanks.  Seems like...
>>>>>Some ENTP's don't exactly look to be admired by a societal majority.  I would submit that many ENTPs would take it to mean they are doing something wrong if they were admired by the social...
Also, summer is the best month for going nude. I've never been keen of the whole idea of this crazy clothes idea.
What teacher doesn't have summer as their favorite season?   Summer is one of the major reasons I became a teacher in the first place. That, and even when I was young, look around and saw so many...
We participate. We are extroverting after all.  We participate quite well because we are enthusiastic and like to solve puzzles.  That's our title:clever.  We just don't want to be told how to solve...
Why is Rouge such a pathetic passive-aggressive asshole?  Can anyone give some background?
>>>>i'm not going to tiptoe around and slap a this is just my opinion btw  do with it what you will on the end of everything i say. (not that it  would even help)  I teach high school English. ...
>>>>I wonder why people  are so easily got offended by one's opinion.  They are offended?  Screw them--not my problem.  People are responsible for their own emotions.  I take responsibility for...
>>>>Extroverts: What's it like talking to an Introvert? Do you have  to change anything when speaking to an Introvert? What quality of  conversation do you typically get from an Introvert?  I'm an...
I agree.  And I should know.:laughing:  That sarcastic sense of humor along with all else you  described really pegs him.   I teach 12th grade in high school.  All of our 12th graders take a ...
You SJ's are called the overseers and I'm being dominating?  But really, that was almost witty, for an ISTJ:laughing:
Good night, and dream well.
Oh, one thought before I go to bed: Hula Hoop! Seriously.  It will stop the concrete literal thinking and you will be in the moment and flowing.  Love,  Brent
I'm new on this forum.  Loved the personality model for years now, but just found this site tonight.  I'm a ENTP.  And ironically I wanted to start in a SJ thread, because frankly, I just don't get...'"


1030: 'I've posted a new track here: CBC Radio 3  It's called Windowshoppers' Union.
You're not a geek unless you understand that Babylon 5 > Deep Space Nine, and you can explain why.
It's the or something.  I'm starting to doubt YOUR understanding of the idea.
You've leapt to several silly conclusions, Sellihca.  I am NOT comforted by the Neil DeGrasse Tyson quote.  It's how I live when I'm disregarding ontological and moral nihilism.  This happens less...
Nihilism is not the cynical rejection of belief. It's the positive courage to live without it. - Sebastian Horsley  Life is just the misery left between abortion and euthanasia. - Sebastian...
I listen exclusively to drone metal.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3zTYCkCezU
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIZV3W9L-C0   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYaAPeHwYLg
We're just trying to get the music out there.  I'd say we're alternative rock... but slowly we've been moving more and more into the pop realm.  Lately I've been influenced by a lot of Hall & Oates,...
Our band has been practicing for several centuries now.  Very recently, we've been attempting to record (without a budget, of course) an album-length collection of our original pieces.  We're...
1. of Montreal - Skeletal Lamping 2. of Montreal - Coquelicot Asleep In The Poppies: A Variety Of Whimsical Verse 3. Radiohead - Amnesiac 4. Sigur Rs - gtis byrjun 5. Sparklehorse - It's A...
I answered 4, but many of my colleagues would answer 2 or 3.  Because of this, I am a huge proponent of academic reform.  If I were given the opportunity, I would re-design the entire education...
I've never acted in any of these ways.  Most likely because unimportant, uncontrolled and to excess aren't real qualities.
Not immoral.  Amoral.
No art or philosophy?  I don't think so.
A brothel.
I thanked this post because it made me laugh.
I'm surprised that you listed cooking as a thing you hate doing.  Granted, I only enjoy cooking if I'm in a state-of-the-art kitchen, but when I'm in control of the appliances and ingredients, and...
That isn't an issue at all.  It's a simple way to make sure that he could respond to each thing you said individually.     Have you considered the possibility that maybe you're not an ENTP?
I write TV shows and movies.  I record music.  I collect vinyl.  Lately I've been designing a custom suit, and I intend to make it.
You might get that feeling if you moved to Victoria or the Gulf Islands between BC and Washington.  Victoria has an overwhelmingly ENFP attitude.  I've always thought of Vancouver as hyper-J, but...
Vinyl is incredible.  I just pre-ordered the of Montreal album 'False Priest' on vinyl.  The whole vinyl experience is great.
My last pair of black dress shoes only lasted 6 months.  Eh, it's my fault for wearing them almost exclusively though.  When it gets to the point where I avoid puddles because of shoe damage, it's...
Failure is below me.
John Sheridan from Babylon 5.  http://www.bakers-place.co.uk/b5chimages/sheridan.jpg
Asking him these questions really shouldn't alienate him at all, so don't be afraid to.  Knowing that you know could be a great relief for him.  And as the two before me have mentioned, don't...
An interesting question!    Our need as a species for self-improvement and intellectual understanding is instinctual, and rewarded by emotions like happy, as you say.  Though I might be wrong,...
1. Why I think emotions are vestigial  I'll rephrase my position.  I think emotions are soon to become vestigial.  I think that right now it can be argued that empathy, sympathy and the ability to...
I don't think it's wrong... I really have no code.    Also, I can appreciate art.  I am a musician, after all.  I don't think you should equate useless with hurts the human race.    I will...
The definition of 'vestigial' I was using was describing homologous characters of organisms that have seemingly lost all or most of their original function in a species through evolution. These may...
Ah yes, I see him as an ISTJ as well.  Certainly a more troubled one.
I see ESTJs as generally less stable than ISTJs.
I feel like I'm living behind a glass wall, too.  It could be the vodka, though.
Jonny may be an INTJ, but he certainly has the playfulness and feeling nature of an INFP.  No, we DON'T have more literal interpretations of laungage than that.    The NT's appreciation of...
First of all, I apologize for jumping to conclusions about your views.  That was rash of me in hindsight.  Answering the question in the last paragraph: what I mean to say is that it is very...
People have often told me to let things go  or to grow up but I have never considered it to be good advice.  They are assuming that my value system is the same as theirs.  They are also assuming...
I probably misread you.  Perhaps we should start over with the discussion.  I'll present my case as clearly as I can:   I do not believe in any sort of physical morality.  It is an unlikely...
I don't consider it an argument unless my opponent is equally intelligent.  In most cases, I consider it teaching.  If I see something wrong, I want to correct it.
I think that if I had to put trust in anyone to lead me (on a Battlestar) it would be an ISTJ.  I certainly wouldn't put the trust in myself.
What standard of morality are we talking about?  Any of them.  It doesn't matter.  They're all silly.  The logical fallacies you're committing: Appeal to belief: Fallacy: Appeal to Belief Appeal...
Watch the first 22 seconds of this video.  Hell, watch the whole thing:  YouTube - &#x202a;Paranoid Android by Radiohead (Glastonbury 2003)&#x202c;&lrm;  Anyways, those facial expressions...
I can't think of a type more suited to commanding a Battlestar than the ISTJ.  http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_ZOIoSOCNnfs/SG1T3NGUfGI/AAAAAAAAAaY/_DBdLnbeWRc/s1600/Adama%2BAdmiral.jpg
I think INFJs are pretty amazing.  Every conversation I have with one brightens my day.  When they show interest in something, it's a very genuine thing.
I'm saying I'm equally as agnostic towards morality as I am towards the tooth fairy, the Egyptian Gods, the human soul, and the Christian God.  So, yes, it is silly to believe in morality.
You claim not only the existence of morality, but that you understand it well enough to make statements as brash as this!  The impudence of someone to claim that people need spiritual guidance......
Oh hey there, Trelliot.  I hope you enjoy your stay, and help to make my time on the forums a more memorable one.  Also, you're lumpy and you smell bad.
Colloquially, maybe.  But I never THOUGHT you thought they were bad.  Merely overrated, like you said.  Sorry for my own lack of clarity.    I'm having a hard time responding to this.  It's...
This is a true statement.  Another true statement?  I never suggested you did.    Though I can't claim to understand the subtle difference between Very good and Not that great, I'll assume...
'Overrated' is a silly word, and certainly does not apply to Radiohead.  What Thom Yorke and the rest of the band excel at is creating moods and sustaining them.  'OK Computer' is a great example of...
Meaningless smalltalk.  Some people tend to think that a car ride or evening spent in silence is wasted.  This is not so.  Though I'd prefer a real intellectual discussion over silence, my own...
Because ENTPs have already experienced it.  Listening to that album is like peering into the ENTP mind.'"


1034: 'Well - No need to read or respond this is a long one - in fact getting me to the place I end here has been in part possible in purging my many thoughts into a semi coherent written case, so yes this...
Well, you aren't wrong here - there is a disconnect between the intuition and the circumstance on paper, and yes that poses substantial question of the situation on its face.  Though you do have it...
I guess you can only decide what is right from your perspective. because how else can we make decisions than on our own terms  Very sound words :-)  I think I am so used to just knowing the...
I was him, I'd have told both of you that I am free like a bird to sow my seeds and I wouldn't let any woman tie me down.  I actually told him that when I first met him lol.  I mean why behave like...
You make very good points.  Though I think what isn't getting across here, when I say this isn't normal it really isn't in ways that may require me to spell this out in why this is almost able to...
Well in truth I got introduced to the MBTI in college for my psych degree but didn't study it in any real depth.  I did over the past few years really get into studying it as a hobby.  It takes me a...
Well first off, I said the life is short carpe diem stuff when I first met him 2 years ago and he technically was not committed to this woman at the time he had only been seeing her less than a...
OK need some advice for anyone willing to read all of this (thanks in advance), I am an ENTP gal who has major issues with cheating on many levels.  It is like a huge red flag and deal breaker for me...
i have been wondering what INFJ-ENTP communication looks like   Not like anything normal lol.  It has to be experienced in a way to understand what the communication is like when there is an...
I think your problem in a nutshell is having too many choices right now and too much freedom and no pressure.  Horrible problem to have, right lol.  But for an ENTP it can actually be debilitating,...
They usually have to have a decent amount of an attention span for me to explain my reasoning, there will be a lot of of weaving of info to explain something fully, and also be really interested in...
No.  Anyone that I have ever fallen in love with I have never lost interest in them, we broke up for other reasons but being bored or having them figured out was never an issue.  I tend not to...
I think ENTPs are bioingineered for exclusive intermittent relationships.  I don't know about that, at least not for me.  I cannot even wrap my head around why people are serial monogamists, it...
Ha ha - Gemini here.  Though I don't think that MBTI will necessarily correspond to one's sign for obvious reasons, I have read other experts that claim Gemini is the natural sign of the ENTP.  I...
Trump is practically the only candidate who doesn't chest thump about Russia and ousting Assad (as if that worked with Saddam). No one respects Obama and Hillary is warmongering bitch.  Ain't that...
I am a woman, and I don't need a guy to boldly flirt or take initiative at all.  If I like someone I have no qualms letting them know.  I am kind of impatient if I find myself really drawn to...
FueledByEvil - I kind of got distracted over the week and lost the train of thought I had in mind to debate you on this!  I knew when I left the last message I had a lot of thoughts running through...
Well I don't think a connection made over a year and a half ago, some flirtatious phone convos or texts here and there, and a possibility that maybe just maybe I could actually live physically near...
Well since I was mentioned here I will respond.  1) Not technically.  Is it a deception yes.  And as to deception it is defined by intent and situational factors IMO.  Like I said in the other...
I think an ENTP would say about lies of omission as one famous quote reveals:  Lies of omission do not exist. The concept is a very human one. It is the product of your story writing again. You...
Good example lol.  I think this being a master of spin is that ENTPs can generate a lot of possibilities to a scenario.  So look at the facts at hand and work with them in essence.  If I steer this...
Holy living fuck. Ne is entirely tl;dr. My childhood is exactly what you'd expect. Talking entirely too much shit to authority figures, and rubbing good grades in their faces. There. One paragraph. ...
Yeah I would agree with what is said here - I think ENTPs can leave a bad relationship very easily.  I think it does come somewhat from the future thinking orientation, if the future isn't looking so...
I don't know, it seems a little strange that she is pushing for marriage and you only have been together 9 months.  I mean I have seen women do that in a relationship when a guy was kind of on the...
I don't know if I had an aha moment as to my intelligence.  I am sure I had it, I am just too young to remember it.  I was brought to a psychiatrist pre-K in figuring out what was wrong with me...
Well, it was only thrilling after the fact.  I was a Senior in HS in precalculus.  I had kind of some drug problems back then and wasn't engaged too much in school and skipped a lot of class...
I would say in a general sense no we do not.  There was a funny caricature of ENTPs done on stellarmaze that described ENTPs in relation to culture as stepping off a banana boat from Timbuktu as...
Hmm, not really stimulated in the normal sense.  I was very good at math, it was very easy for me, and I had some experiences with math that made me kind of amazed at how adept I was at it especially...
For me it depends on the person.  I am not competitive with other people who are not competitive.  This is the dynamic I prefer with people, I am not often drawn to really competitive sorts.  But if...'"


1050: 'Infj
ISFP or ESFP TMLT be a pack rat
so/sx
1 Pointer finger 2 Overpowering Heart 3 Perfect hair 4 Dark makeup 5 Thick Glasses 6 Shifty Eyes 7 Adrenaline Boost 8 Middle Finger 9 Lazy Bones
ESFJ TMLT not be able to hide their frustration in the workplace
So Type 6 Suuzin. Yay
I think this is how she pays the bills lol. Also ENFPs can be very focused if they're doing something they really and genuinely love.
Would a 7w8 ever say the following to her boyfriend: Sometimes I don't think I'm good enough for you.
I was actually leaning towards 6w7 for her core since she seems to need a lot of reassurance but a lot of the time, it feels more like she wants compliments from me than anything else lol. There's a...
So I gave my girlfriend (who I'm pretty sure is ESFJ) an Enneagram test which includes tritypes. Eclectic Energies btw. Also keep in mind that she tested as ENFJ but I showed her ENFJ/ESFJ profiles...
I think she's ENFP actually.
ESTP TMLT sacrifice sleep to be with others
I personally liked how they dragged things out a little bit. I wouldn't call The Shining a pure horror movie though.
Danny - INFJ (Ni is off the charts - I'd say INFJ over INTJ since you see some Fe/Ti in his interactions with others)  Dick - INFJ (with well-developed Fe but an Ni dom. INFJs can be very...
It was an angrier day than normal in New York the day after the Super Bowl.
INFJ TMLT have a massive ego
Show off your best assets ;-)
You can find some questionnaires I've done. I know I post on this at least once a year :tongue: I think I am 6w7-9w8-3w2 sp/sx   If you want to go deeper (subwings) - I am...
ISTP TMLT think that most people don't like them
Nice list but I think Chandler is 6w7 ENTP not 7w8 ENTP.
A huge difference is that people who are gay are born gay and that's where their interests are at - an incestuous couple wasn't quite born that way. He probably thinks that most people choose to be...
Some guys (even if they are losers) really really know how to please a woman sexually. I think a guy with those flaws has that going for him and the girl probably isn't thinking long term or at least...
ENTP who knows how to answer questions like an NT ;)
A promotion
This society is flawed. Not enough ENTPs wearing the A uniforms..
ESFJ  TMLT be interrupted by others
Yeah I think so
TMZ and Artificial Intelligence is an example. It takes a lot of mental gymnastics for someone who didn't see the NC review to find similarities between those two.
South Park by a long shot these days.
Why INFJ over ENFJ for Kyle?
I'd say ENFP for Nostalgia Critic - possibly ENTP. His style is taking things which are seemingly unrelated and finding connections.
You might benefit from any assessment of the future ESFP
ENTP At this point of time - only for someone in my family.
INFP  TMLT go on a cross-country road trip
Absolutely. Particularly if you're only focusing on the Ti aspects of the personality.
I wonder if Louis CK could be 6w7 instead of 7w6.
ENFP - INFJ wannabes :p TMLT like the rain
Best example I can think of is fictional - Dr. Robotnik. ENTP 8w7-3w4-6w5 sp/so Too much of a conqueror mentality to be a core 6 in my opinion.
I'm considering 6w7-8w7-3w2 as a tritype.  Anyone know of any good examples with ENTP in particular? I feel like this tritype is moreso common with ENTJ/ESTJ.
INFP TMLT become addicted to Candy Crush
I am seeing ISTP for you. #8 strikes me as a very Ti/Ni loop. Your answer to 10 seems to indicate that Se comes naturally to you as well.
GASP - being a lawyer, oh no - anything but that - I don't want money.
An idea I had which I'm sure has been done in one way or another. I personally think it's pretty intuitive. I'm still trying to think of the best way to explain it fully in words but.. basically,...
Lol ENFP I guess. TMLT fall into a state of depression if there doesn't seem to be anything to look forward to in the future.
ENTP  TMLT want to live in a mansion
You have really small tits.
Don't worry too much about what others think of you. It really doesn't matter so much. Most of the people you envied in your younger years will grow up to be losers anyway.
My 7 wing is pretty strong. I'm all over the place but still have that naturally cynical and wary 6.
I'd say probably the XXFJ types are typically the most interested in me. Better chemistry with the NFJs but the SFJs are more common/frequent.
I feel like it is true genius for someone to be able to hold a fart for that long.'"


1059: '8 year old ENTP:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEqLlMp9Flw
I dunno, how do I deal with Dunning-Kruger being acted out on internet forums?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3I-b9HggpYs
This is utter Ti-dominance to me.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEKyqIJkuDQ
Vocaroo | Voice message
His Ti is probably so underdeveloped that he doesn't stop to question what is coming out of his mouth.  Given that his biggest influence is arguably Jacques Lacan, a batshit charlatan who abused his...
ESTJ because of the controlling gaze in the sig
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMvARy0lBLE
Most Anarcho-Capitalists probably have ass-burgers.  Moar like anarcho-autism, amirite?
Some animals are more equal than others.
My socks are blue and I have no idea what day it is.
Is batshit obscurantist a MBTI type?
I've learned many things from this thread and will start applying them in real life.  For one, every time I lose a foot race to someone who can run faster than me, I will no longer try to accept the...
Godel, Escher, Bach.  Seriously a mindblowing book that will lead to a million mindfucks while you read it.
Anyone who has privilege should immediately have it removed to make it fair for everyone else.  We should start with sports; let's amputate the legs from Kenyan runners so other, less privileged...
You know what this also sounds like?  Confirmation bias.
http://i.imgur.com/QukPx.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/pS0Ww.png
ESFP.  Serious.
This should be in the Debate or Sex & Relationships forums.
Why does this thread exist, much less in this forum?  Why can't it just fuck off back to tumblr?
people who can't spell accept
I heard that Dayman can help.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzaVd6zl2bA
I don't like having political views, so instead I just ridicule everyone else's.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAfcHcqd7N0
I would live in prehistoric times so I could live in a cave and beat women with clubs.
A Serbian Film.
Probably this.
I have one best friend of about 13 years, but the rest has been unstable.  I swap out friends every 1-2 years and haven't had a romantic relationship that lasted more than 2 years.
Listen to audiobooks.  Works for me.
6/10 for being overdone
3/10 for blur
http://i.imgur.com/ZhVwB.gif
Stop being such a pussy.
How much was your tinfoil hat OP?
-The World as Will and Presentation vols 1 and 2 (Aquila > Payne) -The Poverty of Historicism -Critique of Pure Reason -The Open Society and Its Enemies (also counts as 2, but whatever) -Animal...
I designed my own test with the help of Google and Captain Crunch, then proceeded to score a 180 on it.  Totally legit.
The words not acceptable are gay.  In seriousness, I find it disturbing that grown men crowd around a show aimed at prepubescent young girls.
8/10 would bang
Boring people.
His distrust for social sciences most likely stemmed from his very negative experience with being evaluated by an Army psychologist.
Zizek is an embarrassment to all ENTPs.  A total fucking charlatan.
Once you read Surely You're Joking... and What do YOU are what other people think? it will be painfully obvious that he is an ENTP poster child for a reason.  Specifically his obsession with...
Schopenhauer is a total bro.http://i.imgur.com/EVn86.jpg
Loaded question - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Obvious ESTP crutching on the teleprompter.
If it's the one I'm thinking of, I thought it was worthy of ridicule as well.  Some people like to claim others as their own type.
esfj
Do a barrel roll.
I've only read the first book. He's an annoying shithead in print and on screen.  I also just equipped a +5 Keyboard of Aggro, which increases my chances of receiving overly assumptive and...'"


1060: 'I would recommend keeping in mind that, biologically and psychologically, we as a species live in very artificial and unnatural societies compared to what we are adapted to. It tends to inch us near...
Well, the first example that comes to mind is Phineas Gage. Like Phineas some people, as they age, unwittingly ram probing rods into dynamite and proceed to have the rod thrust via their cranial...
Unaffiliated. Owing loyalty to a house seems pretty unnecessary. Most likely we'd pop out as the dark horse, defy class and birth. Start out as nobles and end up as brothel owners in Braavos. Earn a...
@saltana : Well, my dear, since you've got so few replies thus far, I'll give you a dozen replies' worth. I hope you wore pretty undies, because you're in for a reaming.  Energy, time, and...
@Geoquail Damn, girl, how did you even find this thread? It's from 2012, it must've been buried down with early mammalians and Mick Jagger's innocence somewhere. And Literotica is pretty classy, for...
Pretty easy. Take interest in new subjects, meet new people, go to strange places and try new things.  Extraverted Intuition paired with Introverted Thinking isn't an ability as much as it is a...
http://emptystress.files.wordpress.com/2014/01/resigned.gif  Even if somehow a meta-post, it's still terrible. Man.
I just finished a downright murderous exam, and I don't even feel relieved because the one tomorrow is literally twice as hard. This gif has never been more appropriate. ...
Politicians shouldn't be criticised for changing their opinions or policies after being elected.
If you don't think being good at math or physics is a talent, you should spend a day in my shoes with a 10th grade math book.
Awesome, great work! And a great opportunity to revisit my German.
Quite the debate, though. The universe isn't deterministic, certainly. Quantum events here and there. At the same time, the human brain is simply too coordinated and too complex to be affected by...
Personality type: Ti - Se - Si - Te - Ni - Ne - Fe - Fi  https://33.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_me9venXD5g1r4wbhxo1_250.gif
I was about to verbalise the thud! of my jaw on the tabletop, before I caught myself. It's easy to forget the considerable financial investment that goes into education in America. To risk ending up...
Correct. Correct, with Introverted Thinking instead of Feeling, our behaviour is regulated by less volatile motivation than emotions - hence, we don't get it. Correct, this is how regular folk show...
I mean as in being young.  And there are some long-term impairments. Some physical weakness, impairment of vision, and in the case of removal of the language-dominant hemisphere, some impairment of...
The railway stake would be the famous case of Phineas Gage. And there are many interesting cases of patients suffering damage to the frontal lobe, where our emotions, decision-making, conscious...
Yes, this is a long post. Very typically me. Just read it.  Did you know that if you don't learn a language by puberty, you never will? Language, and specific instances of language, are simply...
http://i.imgur.com/m4nnxy4.jpg   The original Citizen do u even lift? from the greatest of ENTPs.
So, I've gotten some comments lately that have turned me more self-conscious. Specifically, I've had this constant idea that I have a warm, big-eyed, open kind of demeanour and appearance. I smile a...
Alright. My original post might only really make sense to me, so I'm making the tl;dr version:  ENTPs aren't good at chores. We're bad at organisation and arbitrary menial tasks, and we feel a...
[opens mouth to launch into 3-page rant about need for closure and context-dependant decision-making]  ...  You know what?  http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/345/629/cb3.jpg
Oh, I don't think this thread would be going anywhere useful, anyway. I think nearly every ENTP has already answered something here, and there's only so many ways you can reiterate being awesome is...
It was really clarifying! I was confused, because I just did not see where ENTP's drew the line. Of course feelers also make this distinction. If we wouldn't we would not be able to have values,...
Seeing as the role of emotionality is compulsion towards various trends and norms of decision-making that, statistically, win through. So the difference between decision-making focus in TiFe and FiTe...
Well, to put it in one phrase, Fe leads to a sense of acceptable and expected behaviour. If we feel socially ostracised by our behaviour, depending on how pigheaded we are, I suppose we start pulling...
Could you take out holy and use almighty instead? Because it sounds a bit too much like enneagram-style religious pseudoscience when...  ... taken out of context.
You're actually spot on, there, even if it doesn't matter in the everloving slightest. Although I think you might need additional context.  TiFe and FiTe are, in any way that really counts, two...
What you have to remember, though, is that Fe doesn't mean playing nice, Fe means automatically and often unconsciously responding to in-group expectations and the subtle dynamics of others'...
For some reason, I now visualise you as being a... this centaur-thing with a crustacean lower body. Yes, some of us aren't into the whole chitinous carapace thing. The Little Mermaid made it quite...
@Derange At 170  - Excellent topic, well-written. And important.    I believe the problem here is people misunderstanding what emotion and empathy actually are. Usually it's harmless, people...
Can't you just answer the original question about where you get your energy from? ...
This, mate. So, so much this.  It's our social sensibility, though. As long as people respond positively, it's simply fun to talk about whatever is on our minds. I know that I perceive, and talk...
For days I just didn't know how to begin writing an essay. ENTPs, I gather, have no problems being exceedingly productive and persistent at any task that is self-organised, that is to say, where we...
Hahaha, well, I'll be able to pick her out in the lecture, yes. Let's hope I don't meet her before then. And that I have some kind of retort by then. If I can't spot her, I'll just sneeze a few times...
I hope you would pick your timing better. The room was booked for the next lecture, and dozens of medicals were milling in, so my big fan was just kind of fighting uphill against a steady current of...
Hah! An interesting thought experiment. And also the focus of much of my personal research and study, so I'll sugarcoat the science in all the collegiality pent up after drinking three pots of coffee...
Thank you. If more details help you forecast how your future confessions will go: I tried to retort with Oh, it's not that awkward. while she was running away from me. So obviously it kind of was a...
Until someone hits you with a crowbar while your eyes are closed.
At the lecture today, I sneezed a lot, so I sat away from my friends as to not annoy them with my sniveling sniffling. There happened to be a girl sitting a couple of seats off to my side, and I...
Three flavours of us folk, I think. The assertive, confident ones. The ones that seem assertive and confident, of course. And then those clueless bastards too dumb to be insecure.  I was in the...
Dear @Brother,  Thank you - made me laugh!  :laughing:  I do hope you found a balanced diet for your woodlouse.  Signed,  An INFJ who needed a laugh[/QUOTE]
Dear woodlouse,  I reckon I found you in the sink because you fled into my apartment to get out of the cold. I think it's unfair that you're putting that kind of pressure and responsibility on me....
As an INFJ, you can wrap it any way you like, and we'll still beg for more. Generally.  The ENTP moment in conversation is when something you say triggers a sudden leap of association, maybe an...
What the MBTI recognises as types, are simply differently balanced compositions of neural nuclei and neurological pathways that manifest as patterns of thought and behaviour. In other words, it's...
We both know that's a ridiculous exaggeration, if you're dominant Ne you'd have thought of a billion things.    I read, I think it was at IFLS, that Tyrannosauruses most likely used their arms to...
This is exactly how the clichd insecure girlfriend-question would go in my case.  ---  Would you still love me if I lost my arms, like in an accident?  *makes blank face*  I knew it! You...
The opening line of William Gaddis' A Frolic of His Own reminds me of you badass ESTJs. Maybe a good stereotype, maybe a bad one, but I think it's admirable nonetheless.  x93Justice? x97 You get...
Being in a targeted subset like that, I find is pretty similar to disease control. If there was a disease that primarily targeted Nordic genotypes, and I just got off the plane in Italy, I would...
Intuitive Thinkers, and among them INTPs, are the most likely to develop personality disorders, according to a major study. They're overrepresented in every category except Histrionic Personality...'"


1084: I always thought you had an abundance of Ne.
Weren't you an ISFJ?
If you're both willing to try to save the marriage then go to counseling and try. Statistically couples that have salvaged their marriage from the brink confess being a lot happier they did this...
I find how you guys describe inferior Ne fascinating. I also have my struggles with Si.
Tells it how it is and stresses out spoiled bitches.
Totally not creepy dude
Pics or it it didn't happen. :winetime:
Hmm, I have been gone a while. :th_o:
It's aight , most people are dumb struck by my pretty forehead creases.
You lost me at hello.
https://media1.giphy.com/media/a0FuPjiLZev4c/200_s.gif
Unfortunately that looks like my stool. I'm ok though. :carrot:
The tension is real http://i.imgur.com/NGl68oQ.png
Even goat remixes?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nf4SyWq692s  Would you prepare a goat for dinner?
Run.
Usually I love a good critique. It opens up the opportunity for some good discussion/debate.  My thought process is to understand your thought process. What sort of reasoning did you use to arrive...
What makes you think he's an ENTP?   We ENTPs males are an interesting (see fickle) lot. I'll openly admit that I have this annoying habit of getting really interested in someone at first and then...
Nah not really. When I typically detach from people it's just because the relationship has gotten somewhat stale. It doesn't mean I want to abandon the relationship but whatever interested me before...
Why INFJs?  Because the internet said so.
Ah yes, I know an ENTP that does this (not me though unless I feel like debating myself on a particular day) but that's just typical underdeveloped Si not properly cataloguing the debate or not...
I see your point but in my experience INTPs also care about details. Sure, I can have a conversation with an INTP about abstract patterns but they get incredibly annoyed at the speed to which I...
INTP & ENFJ? How?   Well to be fair my INTP friend seems happily married to his ESFJ wife but it does seem like they can't stand each other 50% of the time.  If you follow the ENFP-INTJ ( or...
Yup.
Find an ENFP with high Te or an ENTP with high Fe.
ENTP here. I'm currently in a long term relationship with an INFJ and its superb. We just 'get' each other (whatever that means). One thing I appreciate is her patience with my 'antics.' My...
http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0283/2138/products/feel-the-bern-bumper-sticker_87547304-b0c7-4f36-887c-50dd12124456.jpg?v=1441831390  I mean Bernie is a crazy old socialist but seems like the...
Uh...well according some statistic we're only 2-5% of the population. Go figure.     Try rubbing some non-stick Crisco on yourself and let us know if it helps.     High IQ, interesting...
Based on what data?
Estp
INFJ? How do you know?
Maker of helmets  Why is your type unknown? Need help getting typed? uf609
I see what you're saying but I don't think morality necessarily implies positive moral obligations. There is a difference between having to engage in a particular behavior to uphold morality as...
They aren't necessarily the same. Let's say a child molester somehow slips through the cracks of the criminal justice system and is set free but then some freak accident happens to them that renders...
Not sure about the hand dominance. I'm imagining somebody automatically trying to deflect something thrown at them. The instinct would typically be to go to the dominant hand even if they have a lot...
Think about it this way, if you combined both of them you would get an ENTP. ;)
So you're going to pull the love, kindness, and understanding card?   That's low...  Well played
Bas si lijepa.
I don't know man, I just pictured you pounding a bottle of Grey Goose.
Swordsman of Mana If you could help dissect my enneagram I'm game.
That's interesting. I never considered 1w9. My tritype is 7w8, 3w2, 9w8. I love to argue though but not to beat my opponent into submission but to illuminate their thinking whether its sound or...
It was a surprise b-day when I came home on leave from the Navy (21st). About 30 people hid. Mom organized it.   http://i8.photobucket.com/albums/a30/zeko04/navy.jpg
Rough night?
ENTP 7w8  Not aggressive or passive. Assertive.
That's a blurry line but my favorite philosophers are Socrates, Aristotle, and Ayn Rand.
INTP friend of mine was playing this the other day:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpUYjpKg9KY
Before giving an INTP a hug, take precaution: http://www.wolfhazmat.de/a2000/hazmat_aust02.jpg
Dayum
You can find us in aisle 4 of your local friendly neighborhood Wal-Mart in the kids (or electronics) section. Try a book store too ;)    Hmm, that's interesting. Can you explain more? I'm...
Hmm, weather forecasts predict special snowflake snow showers.
Being able to order anything instantly from ACME like Wild E Coyote.  http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/3706/840/1600/CJ063.jpg"


1085: 'Got a Ph.D. in computer science. Now I enjoy working as a professor/comedian (which is much easier than being just a comedian, as my students feel obligated to laugh at my jokes) and a constantly...
I have an INTP dad and an ESFJ mum. It seems quite a few ENTPs have similar parents ;)   The key to understanding my mum is that she is in a constant state of worry/fear - and those feelings are...
Two fundamental things needed for maintaining civilization are cooperation and reciprocity. Both require a bit of yielding to someone's feelings. Even if you argue that you don't expect others to...
Take this advice with a pinch of salt (as I've only become good at flirting AFTER getting married :) ):   - Try to avoid 1 on 1 flirting - that's stuff for pickup artists. Instead, use your...
You'll find lots of good advice googling for developing good habits and breaking bad habits.  Most of the advice boils down to typical conditioning - reward/punish yourself, and making good...
Warmth   3.1
Drinking coffee stimulates you and improves your concentration.  Alcohol helps you relax and overcome social awkwardness.  Sugar gives you energy and makes you happy :)   So it's all about...
filled it, interested to see the results
Hi ken07, thanks for sharing and welcome to the group :)   As for the urges - don't try to slap the bear, instead tame it! Sexual urges are perfectly natural, the porn addiction isn't. Try to learn...
Watch this:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSF82AwSDiU  and this:  Philip Zimbardo: The demise of guys? | Video on TED.com
I recently discovered Better off Ted   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blV61SAoqGQ
Radicalism88.5 Socialism50 Tenderness43.75  These scores indicate that you are a progressive; this is the political profile one might associate with a university professor. It appears that you...
I'm a big talker during movies. Not in cinemas, but at home with friends, it greatly enhances the movie-watching experience for most of us.
Try to teach the material to someone else (will force you to really understand it).   Motivate yourself with small rewards: ...
Being in a committed relationship does not rule out flirting if your other half is ok with it. It actually can be a great asset for flirting if you make it clear you're flirting in safe-mode (i.e....
I see a lot of F parodies, what about the SJ part of anti-ENTP?   http://0.tqn.com/d/personalorganizing/1/0/Z/6/-/-/tumblr_lkn4j2MlcZ1qcdwhoo1_500.jpg
The greatest TV series ever - Firefly (topped off with the Serenity movie).  As for some less known tv series, I've recently discovered Better off Ted. (office comedy about work in an evil...
There's no such thing as telekinesis. There is however a million dollars waiting for anyone able to demonstrate it:   Challenge Application
It can be a happy cry, yes? Most recently:   Brave    Classics that make me cry every time:   The Professional 5th Element
You can always find ways to amuse yourself :)   http://media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/e0/d4/b7/e0d4b74375b9849fa602294ddf93ead1.jpg
http://www.uniglobalunion.org/Apps/UNIPub.nsf/vwLkpById/A8858831B0A3D58FC12579A0004D8641/$FILE/PARENTAL%20LEAVE,%20CHILDCARE%20AND%20GENDER.PDF
Nordic model - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia  In short summary:  - very high taxes - high public expenditures on welfare, health and education - high individual freedoms and equality  - low...
Just google for mature ENTP this should find you a couple of old threads here.
Realistically, I'm a slightly left-leaning centrist/liberal. I like the scandinavian social-democracy model, though it could be improved in many ways.  If I had to speculate about my dream...
Some less direct or more humorous questions that come to mind:   - We're going out with my friends this weekend, would you and your boyfriend like to join us? (If you start off assuming she has a...
Aren't ENTP's one of the most charming and flirtatious types? (when we're not acting like smartass a-holes or trolls)   Are you flirting and charming female coworkers? (maybe without even trying) ...
Very true about myself. I can talk and analyze other people's problems for hours, but if I need to open up about something emotional myself it's extremely difficult (unless I either do it jokingly or...
Cool moody music from Sweden (recently used in a couple US TV shows and movies):    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXF9uHbAd9I   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWFb5z3kUSQ
Write an article about it? There are plenty of websites accepting material. E.g.: Write for Cracked.com | Cracked.com
Few suggestions off the top of my head:   Webcomics:  Comics. Often dirty. - NSFW fantasy humor :) Erfworld - strategy gamer transported into a fantasy world run on game rules  Giant In the...
But you gain so much more by being able to lucid dream. Even if you let  go of total control, it's easy to build in some instinctive fail-safes. E.g. Every time I die in a dream, the dream...
Good lecture on dreams:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WmRGNunPj3c  Several functions of dreaming:  - moving fresh memories to long term memory - analyzing new the memories and comparing them...
Any room for innovative or creative thinking at your job? If the task is mindless/repetitive and done on a computer it's highly probable it could be at least partially automated with macros, scripts...
Sorry to burst your bubble, but yes, you're being a selfish dick. It's highly probable that you really are the smartest student in the class, but your obvious lack of respect when talking about other...
xkcd: Debugger 68718
I got a Ph.D. in computer science, I'm currently an Assistant Professor working towards full professorship (and hopefully tenure).   Once I got sucked into the safe cocoon of academia, I couldn't...
While you can get most of the knowledge/skills you would get through college on your own, you'll have a hard time convincing others you have them. It's our nature to stereotype. How would you feel...
List of paradoxes - Wikipedia, the free ************
Villains - no, jerks - yes (but we can work on that).  The only pop-culture ENTP villains I can think of are the Joker and the stereotypical Mad Scientist.  There are however several popular ENTP...
I sometimes (but rarely) get teary eyed when watching strong emotional movie scenes, especially if there's good music involved. The ending to The Professional with Sting's Shape of my heart...
Speaking from similar experience (my mum is an ISFJ, typical stressed out, overprotective, overworked nurturer and a devout catholic) - always let your mum know you love her and care for her. A...
1.) Unethical  Morality is relative and ends justify the means. However, I try to strictly follow the golden rule, which seems to make me more ethical than most ENTPs.    2.) Joker life's a...
My thoughts went more along the lines that you as in your consciousness does not exist, but is an illusion formed in a very complex system that does exist physically. E.g. there is no Orion's...
If you can prove that the I think is an illusion, it will follow that the I am is too. Consciousness and free will are an emergent phenomenon from a ton of organic chemicals and electric charges...
A few from my own experience (it's impossible to choose just one):   Don't get fat - it's much easier to prevent weight gain than to lose weight!   Don't try too hard to find a girlfriend in high...
I actually keep a collection of articles on this topic for when my kids grow up.  Cracked.com is a goldmine on this subject. Here are some of the better ones:   5 Pieces of Advice Every High...
Economic Left/Right: -6.38 Social Libertarian/Authoritarian: -1.85so in wimpy country, on the border with the marxists
Some ideas:  Don't go directly to classical songs, learn some simple power-chord  songs (Nirvana and Offspring)  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cw4YeUq8ZtI  Learn a few simple blues scales...
I can't help but link the below video whenever Lovecraft is mentioned:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3gNQ2KYCb4
I've played a lot of rpgs and always hated sticking to the rules, especially ones that were silly and irrational. We've always introduced a lot of houserules that made the world more believable,...'"


1094: 'I don't understand why X exists/happens, so I think I'm going to make up a story and make sure I tell it to my children  That's what I think of religion.
I actually find ESTPs to be one of the easiest types to identify.   They're much better than me at repeating the same working process as long as they keep profiting from it. In one of my odd jobs...
This is a thing of the youth I think. While I still hit the wall from time to time, I've learned to push through it. There's no magic pull that all of a sudden makes you all of a sudden immune to...
Are you currently committed to only allowing one person to plow you for the foreseeable future?
Getting the ball rolling on projects.  We're probably the most opportunistic of the NTs.   xNTJs will plan and plan something until they're satisfied it won't fail. INTPs don't actually like...
Well, to me the difference between an ESTP and ENTP salesman is that the ESTP will memorize the technical jargon to repeat to each client, whereas the ENTP will actually understand the technical...
I had my own business for the last three years, which I decided to close primarily due to a retarded supplier which hurt my business to the point where I couldn't recover. None of which were that I...
Hello my PerCy friends. I've been absent from these forums for a few months. Mainly lost interest in MBTI for a little while, although not automatically trying to type everyone I meet was a nice...
The best way to describe my beliefs is Agnostic Atheist. I cannot definitively prove that God doesn't exist, just as I cannot definitively prove that there isn't a teacup orbiting around Jupiter, but...
I think Lawrence Krauss is an ENTP.
INTJs are awesome cause they're so focused. They're how we imagine ourselves to be if we could just get over that hump and actually apply ourselves 100%
Usually, by the time I wake up my bladder has collected a lot of urine since the time I fell asleep. The general discomfort of having a full bladder and the knowledge that if I urinate that...
I assume you're an idiot until you provide me with evidence proving otherwise.
I only text for logistical purposes, and only if I can't talk to them right at that moment, or just don't feel like actually talking to said person.   For some reason I still find it hilarious...
Am I the only one who, after reading the title of this thread Needing company, thought it was a misplaced craigslist personals ad?
Actually, my last post wasn't quite blunt enough. This thread is about actually caring, not understanding a situation and giving advice.   For the most part, when someone tells me about problem X...
Basically what I've told people in the past is that I'm not a very absorbant emotional tampon. In other words, while I can understand why someone might be going through an emotional hardship...
The time to jump is now.
One year later, and I scored a 15. Down from 19. Maybe it's cause I've really began embracing the inner machiavallian in me over the last little while.  Today one of my housemates was crying, and I...
The result is still the same though. Whether someone was killed on purpose or by accident doesn't matter in the sense that regardless of intent, said person is still dead and cannot be brought back....
I don't put a lot of faith in words, other than a way to get from people what I want. Thoughts are more important than words to me.  But ultimately, it is one's actions that define you. It is your...
So does anyone here live in Colorado or Washington? :D
The microwave oven: Making men feel competent in the kitchen since 1967
This is a song I made   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AreM5WJHlY
Thanks gingertonic I'm flattered.   I think you know what actions you need to take in order to fulfill your vision. So I'm not going to bother talking strategy.   It comes down to you. Do you...
I wouldn't label myself with any kind of personality disorder, just certain characteristics. I have noticed myself becoming more narcissistic, but learning to hide it better. As in I've learned that...
I got 18, which is lower than I expected. I scored high on the narcissistic traits (charm, lying, manipulative, grandiosity). I've known for a while now that I am a narcissist, not an extreme one...
Feel nothing my brother.
I think it would suck to be blind and a visual learner.
Thanks, I plan to. I do it as a hobby to keep me sane. My vision is to make music that, when women listen to it, the clothes just automatically fly off. I think it's possible.
Meh, most people don't deserve my time. I have the casual acquaintances who are easily accessible who I don't give a damn about. These are the people constantly calling me to hang out. I usually...
I'm not a relationship expert by any means, but some people should just be removed from your life if they bring more annoyance than positivity.   You are the average of the 5 people you spend most...
Forget MBTI for a second.   I take calculated risks. There's no such thing as a perfect idea, otherwise someone else will have done it already. Everyone gets ideas, but most people don't act on...
I'm kind of weird. With new people who I just met, or don't know that well, I'm extremely smooth and charming, but once I get to know people better, and they in turn get to know me, the smoothness...
I really hope I never have a daughter.
NFs often have a grossly-enlarged moral compass which can limit how much action they take.   No it wouldn't be a waste of time. And truthfully, although that's what the media tells you people do,...
Thanks man. My secretive goal is to create music that makes chicks take off their shirts simply by listening to it. I think it's possible.
I may have mis-represented myself. I don't see myself as successful (at least not yet, I have very lofty goals that people tend to think I'm crazy for going after, but anyways...), but most people...
i think it's an N trait. NTs over-analyze logical problems, NFs over-analyze the emotional shit
To the mild-mannered and/or unsuccessful folk out there I come across as an arrogant ass a lot of the time. That's because I really think the world of myself. Especially now that I'm starting to see...
All ENTP threads are brag threads.  albino mallato  I'm guessing that you're in your mid-to-late teens. I had the same issue back when I was that age. Had no idea what I wanted to do because I...
Congrats. It is great to use your new-found type to discover certain skills you may not have not known you otherwise had, but don't try to change yourself to fit the type more accurately. You'd be...
We make it easy for people to chirp on us because they don't feel guilty about it and, quite frankly, we kind of deserve it.
Yep.  Both my parents consider me to be selfish, which they're not wrong about. I don't see the point in going out of my to help someone with something if they can very easily do it themselves.
it made me laugh
I think about this everyday as it is my goal. I have no interest in becoming a political leader, they're not the ones who change the world anyways. It's CEOs who do that. CEOs have politicians in...
Another one   Johnny Ableton - The Kirstein Song (feat. Johnny Sr) [free download] by John Kirstein on SoundCloud - Create, record and share your sounds for free
right now i have a cut on my right calf that i have no idea where it came from. theres also a bruise on my forehead that i'm confused about, cause i don't remember hitting my head on anything...
My main goal is to be seen as competent. Or fun.  Truthfully, I'd rather be called intimidating than adorable.
good analysis Calm  I have a very philosophic view of entrepreneurship. I've seen myself as a natural entrepreneur since I officially started 2.5 years ago (I always did something on the side to...'"


1115: 'I'm still trying to understand the difference between a type 7 sx/so and a so/sx. Or just the difference between so/sx and sx/so in general.  Anyone care to help me out?
ENTJs are generally 8 or 3 (commonly).  The apparent difference is any difference between 8 and 3, the differences are probably better explained in other threads.
ISFP without a doubt kills my soft side. ESFP too.
Truth right there. Haha.. I enjoy the thought of people thinking im impressive, /honesty but I don't necessarily brag.
I used to love weed. But now for some reason it gives me intense paranoia. I now only enjoy it before/after sex or going to sleep.    The problem is you're wrong, and you use no logic in your...
17 I would like to say that post is half-way joking, but it's probably closer to the truth
I use facebook to talk to babes and look attractive to babes so they know me. I enjoy making statuses simply to see how many likes I will get. I really try not to reveal any actual personal...
I used to love the ganja but I somehow have been conditioned an aversion to it. I'll still do it if someone offers for free, but not to the extent where I used to buy it and use regularly.  Alcohol...
ENTP's (from what I can tell, and personal experience in being one) can very easily separate emotions from actions. I.E I can be a very fake fake person if I want to. It's not really a good quality,...
(Taking some stuff from other posters)  Order of whats happening by decreasing likelihood (may be a bit blunt sorry) 1. He doesn't like you, or isn't attracted to you for whatever reason and...
yeah well, that's just like, your opinion man.
Well actually, I came asking a legit question albeit in a douchey way that I did clarify was jest. When people responded with real answers to that question, I answered normally back. Maybe you should...
Please name more than two things I have said this whole time that is a meme?  Maybe you don't get out enough where you think some things are only said on the internet. Get out of here.
i already mentioned that it was in jest and that I actually know that intjs are different. please get offended more. maybe you should check at what the other people said about me crying to the...
Caesar*  There was a school announcement (in texas obv) before the pledge of alleigance, the person said (which this never happens) It was a win for the good guys today and that It was a good...
i never knew
I quoted what I sent to a friend when I was raging for insight. I posted a tl;dr for you to read  tl;dr Why is everything I say somehow become a world theory? Why the hell can't you just take it as...
Did you get a masters//post-grad degree in statistics? What's it like?
definitely INTJ. he has no Ne   point taken this is the type of answer i was looking for. i know intj's are hard to understand and was looking for the insight from the people that know them best
I'm not trying to say all INTJs are like that, obviously, I know many INTJ's that are all different in a lot of ways. Instead, I'm asking the INTJ forum, to make sense of what I said. If I just...
conversation btw me and friend so i don't have to re-type this:  I was saying that what the person said on the announcements was insensitive.(Talking about school announcements to the whole school...
wondering if i typed a girl i know correctly^^
What you saw was probably Ti+Fe, but no one can really be sure. Ti+Fe can make an intricate set of values that start by Ti (logicial consistency) and then using that with Fe (sensitivity for others...
michael you're being a douche hahahaha. hmwith isn't trying to debate you, simply asking the usage of Fi by ENTP's... Callie would be the person you would want to argue that point against
I guess I'm just different in the fact that I enjoy both S and N in relationships. I have many many N friends that I guess I can get my fix for talking about abstract things with. I don't feel the...
Well that's dumb. Honestly the J and P are just helpers to find the actual 4 functions. A P can much look like a J and the other way around. Those people probably don't know much about MBTI
Judging type? Or a judgemental person?
You can be judgemental and still be a P. But a Te is much more likely to be judgemental than a Ti in the idea that Ti kind of opens itself up to everything whereas Te is more closed down type of...
What do you mean?
Simple Story: Me and ESTP friend combined powers to convince 10+ people at a party to play fire limbo, I.E there was a fire, we had to large flimsy sticks severely on fire and had an intense game...
I used to maybe do this at middle school ages 11-14 or so. But I actually find my best time (satisfies my Fe and Ti) in pointing out other people's flaws in their judgement of other people. In fact...
I can't really grasp the idea that a lot of people cling to that an N has to match up with another N and that an S has to match up with another S.   The first two functions may be different (lets...
Yeah, anyways what I'm saying is, if i LOVE stats now, would I enjoy advanced stats (especially since I hate calculus-esque math)
High developed Ti+Fe can look a lot like Fi. Fi and Ti are highly similar for the fact that Ti is inner logical consistency, whereas Fi is ethical consistency. A developed Fi would first have to...
I'm taking basic statistics right now, and everything is very easy, I just get it it all makes sense to me. Anyways I'm wondering are advanced statistics later in college boring? I'm generally okay...
In abstract thinking I would say ENTP will definitely help an ENTJ. I.E If I were to make a website for an ENTJ (that was supposed to make money) most likely what would happen is I would define...
Your result for The Best Personality Type for You Test ... ISFP - The Composer You scored 25 I versus E, 60 N versus S, 40 F versus T, and 40 J versus P!  Your ideal romantic partner is known as...
High possibility that he's no longer attracted to you
They're almost completely different  ENTP = Ne Ti Fe Si ENTJ = Te Ni Se Fi  You'll find an ENTJ is more about getting things done, they're like ESTJ's except they will see the validity in other...
This is the worst theory I've ever heard in my life.
based on your description, you're an entp.
No. Once again you're wrong. If you are taking the functions of MBTI and bastardizing them into your own theory. Sure, you could create your own theory, and of course there is a lot more to human...
Haha. It really is the best combo if you're already likeminded. Intuitvely understand eachother from the outside. Whenever we hangout we know exactly what eachother is doing and why. Similar values...
Not necessarily. You may have developed a high Fi of values but thats not what the function means persay. Having a very strong Fi and Ti is contradictory. The functions are based on how you gather...
Food = Anything that is like breads, I agree, is awesome, but I've expanded my tastes;)  Movies.. I don't really enjoy for some reason. But I like ones that make you think once in a while (requiem...
ENTP. Most people are putting out the worst way to figure out an ENTP ENFP difference.  Are you Ne, Fi, Te, Si? or are you Ne, Ti, Fe, Si?  Ne//Ti is a very strong.. may i say,...
I think they make the best bffzlsz
Dad- INTJ Mom - ESFJ or ENFJ not sure, leaning towards enfj. Brother - ENTJ Sister - No idea. Maybe INTJ or ISTJ
I'm good at math.. generally good = better than the average person. When I study I do alright, (like B's), but I have problems with doing the homework for math and doing endless formulas, etc. etc....
I understand what you mean when you say think they're more emotional than they really are And yes. Don't underestimate a tertiary Fe. I think intimantely the thing that gets to an ENTP the most is...'"


1122: 'I don't have much useful advice , but you triggered my Ne with the Marie Antoinette / Burger King, best of both worlds comment.  314897  You been with this guy long enough that I think your...
All the Whovians in Whoville? 311209
...Hmmm then I will make a weird attempt to make this into a Ne Image linking thread (it will happen or it won't). Mostly because I have been obsessed with  Geonerd's exploding Tardis...
I really just want to add to the end of the image: ...except when it is ... because that's how I like it.
My wandering random thoughts on this. Hopefully I get back to it and make it readable, but till then...  I am going to work with this definition of Empathy:  1. the power of understanding and...
Ducking a soup is difficult.  It has has a habit of splashing. Dodge the soup.
Exhausting isn't it?  I think there might be something to the insecurities angle.  I often run into the issue of people refusing to even try to think abstractly, no matter how many variation and...
(I am forced to limit myself on Douglas Adams Quotes but...)  What to do if you find yourself stuck in a crack in the ground underneath a giant boulder you can't move, with no hope of rescue....
I also have not encountered many people into MBTi, but I usually get a Yup, that shore is ya'll from those I've shared with.  (I have to admit I'm a bit baffled with the number of people that...
You are 33.3% Good.  You are 12.8% Chaotic.  Alignment: Neutral Good
The only real issue I can think of with an ENFP would be what I see as Fi resistance to information seeking (seen from the other side as challenging declarative statements). If you would be upset by...
57.500/100 masuculine 52.632/100 feminine 60.000/100 androgynous (neutral)  Male ENTP 282354
Agreed flawed. Disagreement on the flaw.  As I understand you are postulating one reality (observable), but at the same time denying other possible forms of reality (hypothetical)  At the same time...
I don't know. I think I might have focused on the bad word choice of worlds which does imply the flaw of one instance in one reality. Although, multiple realities / multiple me might explain the...
My Modal Ontological argument  P(1)': It is possible that I am an ENTP. P(2)': If it is possible that I am an ENTP, then me as an ENTP exists in some possible worlds. P(3)': If me as an ENTP...
I met someone who offered me two pills a red and a blue one.  I took the blue one mixed it with some Pez, a Mt. Dew, and a jalapeno. It didn't have the effect either of us expected. I'm not the...
I wouldn't dream of interfering. Just disguising the use of missiles as a paradigm shift.
OOH! Raccoon Mountain Alpine Slide. I don't think I have been there since before I was 10. I had actually been wondering if that was still around. Thanks.
I've been mulling this subject a bit because of events that had happened in the last year.  I have come to realize that I seem to have a process of recognize and analyse what the roots are for the...
Ah, in that case, no I cannot stay on grofflberk it is too slippery and I just showered.
In linguistics a topic is that part of a sentence about which something is said, typically the first major constituent. So would the topic of the topic question be topic?
Interesting, missile is defined as an object that is forcibly propelled at a target, either by hand or from a mechanical weapon. The word nation came to English from the Old French word nacion,...
Yes. It is that others might not follow the thread of how what we are talking about relates to topic because of the intuitive leaps we make. By the way I am thinking of getting a Chinchilla. They can...
Thank you  psychedelicmango. I may be referencing and sharing that description in the future.
If it makes you feel better, I was an Eagle Scout back in the day.  I did well with the whole orientation bit. So, I can at least find north or at least build a catapult with logs, rope, and an old...
I read those descriptions and wonder what the type of the writer(s) are.  There definitely is an understanding barrier such as the procrastination or the argument descriptions.    My...
For some reason I see this question as What fits better a Neck Tie or a kNiFe.  Therefore the answer is dependent on how it is worn.  A kNiFe in much more comfortable when strapped on or in the...
It had to be done. http://images.shirts.com/products/23626/14-14-45451/lego-movie-everything-is-awesome-t-shirt-logo.jpg
I'll go all Obi-Wan here and say it is true, from a certain point of view.   Someone might see me take up a new hobby and then just drop it and move on with out a second thought. I see it as I...
I agree with this. I have groups: Home, work, local friends, friends that I went to school with, etc.  It is interesting when they cross paths in the surprise of what they do find out about me (not...
Interesting.   I am not sure how close I come to ENFJs, but I would say that I do seem to focus a bit more on Ne/Fe double punch power (twice the extrovert). It could come off a bit similar with...
When the bank account is feeling a bit tight, and you get fed up. So you take care of taxes, respond to some letters that you had putting off, have a charming talk to the boss and finish the day...
Thank you for digging that up  GasmGizmo.  It looks like Career Assessment (http://careerassessmentsite.com/) didn't even get their statistics from their own test, if the claim on personalitypage....
I kept my sets together for several weeks. Then ENTROPY. They would become hybrids of the originals and spawn of other projects. Taking over the whole room until the inevitable forced cleaning in...
When you spend half-an-hour typing up a story for the Confession thread, and realize This doesn't read right.  Re-write about half of it and decide Meh, it is not that important.  Deleted the...
People are always changing. I guess it is the question of what we can choose to change, why we would do it and can we accept the consequences of the change.  This is also a great drinking subject....
They would not be irredeemable unless there was a history of this behavior.  If it is already someone I respect and like, then they could ask for a few minutes of time. Say Sorry for before (or...
I am still digging for any real information on this graphic.  If you find an article after 2013 that claims Type Income, you find this graphic, and no Citations. If fact if you read any comments on...
I don't know about Stoicism and depression, but I have found Stoic writings a good focus and it works well with my personality.  Letters From A Stoic, Lucius Annaeus Seneca  -- Letter XXXIII, 11: ...
I admit I am a danger to society. (besides right-handed people are unnatural and need to be stopped)
https://kylebstiff.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/pee-wee-2.jpg
I see a message that says Don't panic! (like the one posted on the board today) and I just want to run around the office knocking things over while yelling WE ARE ALL GOING TO DIE! But, I resist...
As far as I can tell, there was no study. Career Assessment Site seems to have grabbed information from several sites and threw together a pretty graphic (that you can now find on several sites) to...
You had better double check. Has anybody suddenly stopped posting?
Thank you for supplying the graphic. It did have some sources listed at the bottom.  Analysis:  It appears that the the information for the info-graphic had been grabbed from sources that may be...
I am curious how those numbers are arrived at. I have a red flag pop up when I see that the base line Average as $55K and the income of the median U.S. household was $51,900 in 2013. I did a quick...
Synergy... Every have a word that just hearing it makes you want to go full rage... SYNERGY!!!  It is a that whole classes will be held around. Books will be written about ... Synergy.  Synergy...
Fair enough.   No, I do not thing we are socially Introverted, as I do not think we need the down time to recharge from society.  We use the social interactions from social situations to recharge,...
I see my extroversion as a battery that is charged with observations, experiences, and any random detritus I can gather. It fuels my creative personal project or thinking time. The introverted time...
Can I ask about your forwardness and the type (not necessarily MBTi type just a general description) of intelligent male you are interested in?   With the flamboyant comment I assume that you are...'"


1135: 'By the way, when we are seeing each other, he's often suggesting it, rather than asking directly.  For example, if I cook something and we talk about this over the phone, he's going to say Hmm,...
ISFJ were more hands-on and practical than him
Thank you for this very interesting post ! I am pretty sure he's N over S because he likes the theoretical part of his job better than the technical one. For example, what he loves about pediatry is...
Honestly INfj was my first guess. But you guys are quite slow getting into relationships, tortured, complicated. And he doesn't seem to be. Or he's hiding it ? He really seems optimistic, positive,...
hallo, wie geht's ? Na, ich bin gar keine Deutsche ! ;)   Theft, sorry, but you sound like you're typing him based on his job, not based on his personality. (ok I didn't put many details on his...
Why do you think so ? I am interested in your thought   have I mentionned, he is not anxious at all by the way
Oh no, it isn't. I like very much type 9. My best friend is one ! i meant, he could be a 9 but I don't really think so. The confusion comes from the fact that I am not a native English speaker and...
Xenograft. I think ENFP could fit.  typing people with enneagram is much easier than MBTI
If he were, he were more technical and better with his own hands. He barely can change a lamp and prefers to pay an electrician for that. beside he's quite considerate, pays attention to be nice to...
I met an intriguing man.  i am quite sure, he's a type 2 enneagram. In the worse case, type 9 but I don't think so.  he moves on from relationships, even long ones very easily. Within a month or...
Hey, 2 years later, I just want to say thank you for this post. You made a positive change in my life, ya know ? :)
Ha, well, I've never dated a male INFJ (and don't really know that many), but my best friend is an INFJ and my boss is one as well.  They are DEFINITELY prone to worry and over thinking, but I tend...
Fi types like ENFP could fit your description. Some. Fi types give the impression to have no feelings. They are so much busy with them selves ....
Worry?  Me?  No.  Most of the time, I'm telling other people to stop worrying, because I figure it'll all work out okay.  I don't live in the past, now, or in the future.  I live in the...
I totally agree with Alfreda.
Ok well know you have 2 options :  -either you wait until he comes to you. But if you do this, then set a time when you don't wait for him anymore. And start looking at other guys at the same time....
I was about to say the same than above. I think, you should stop to friendzone yourself with him. Put your relationship to an other level. Either he'll accept or not, but then you'll know. Tell him...
thanks for that... i just dont know how to stop thinking about this entp guy...im wondering if he is really serious with me... and im afraid of having deep emotional connection.. cause im unsure...
Totally same here. I guess, I am seen as cold professionnaly for this very reason. But in this case, i don't care. I care more when friends say i am cold at first.
Pretty sure, there's no generalization possible here. It's an individual thing
Yes, nothing ENTP in the description here...
I just don't go....
Someone recently told me that I can seem a little cold when you get to know me first. It surprises me because I make friends easily though, I am happy to meet new people, and I think, I try to smile...
I couldn't agree more.... Funnily my best INFJ friend sees things exactly this way. She's an INFJ with high Ti for record...
Well, they answer more when the poster is a male.... Already tried this too... :)
my INFJ boyfriend looks a little ENTJish (but nice ENTJish with very good people skills.... :)) in his work place.  but when you know him well, you see there's nothing ENTJish about him
Thank you guys for your answers ! It really helps.   I always had in past relationships control on my own emotions. I was the one who wasn't that much in love. And my SO was crazy about me. I was...
Is it just awfull when you are in love, for your as well ? You turn out to be a different person. The confident ENTP turns out to be very vulnerable emotionnally, full of fears of rejection etc......
Oh my gosh thank you for all this. My bf must be an INFJ as you describe it perfectly. He had one of those Fe moment last week. It was very draining for me to try to understand him when he was just...
Thank you so much for this advice ! I see you know well ENTP/INFJ relationships then :)
Wow ! Thank you so much for this deep and interesting answer ! This describes so well my relationship to my bf...  We don't have to make things work. It just works. First time it happens to me in my...
OK that's interesting. I still have doubts which xNFJ is my bf. He has some characteristics of the 2 types.... I would lean more toward INFJ but not 100% sure... One thing sure, I need more to go out...
A question  : the fact that an xNFJ prefers one/one relationships (even though he claims, he's social), is this a sign that this person is rather an INFJ ? Or do ENFJ also prefer 1/1 interaction ?
Happy about my relationship to my INFJ !
Sartre was either INTJ or INTP Camus might have been an INFJ or INFP i think.
I am an ENTP involved with an INFJ. but maybe this isn't the right way around for you :)
My boyfriend (apparently INFJ) and me (ENTP) -> I wanted to share this on our first conversation :  the first time we talked together a little deeper, he got impressed how intelligent I am (I am...
This. Thank you for this. I was wondering which NFJ is my bf. He's clearly an INFJ according to this difference  (1 follow vision 2 help people). No wonder then why he's just a revolution in my...
Hey guys, I think you are right. I talked about this with him. It sounds like as an ENTP, I am hard to read. I very clearly stated yesterday that I have feelings for him without him asking. I tried...
My guy is sending me 2/3 texts each day on how much he's happy to see me again etc... If I were not into MBTI, I would find this a little too much. But because I know the MBTI, I try to respond in...
GoodOldDreamer your answer is especially interesting. The thing about respecting bondaries in particular. My bf which I suspect to be an XNFJ is pretty like this. Even though i offer him to come over...
I know there's a similar thread on the forum. But I wanted to take it to an other direction now.  I got the impression from the other thread that you all feel awkward with expressing your love in...
A very close friend told me the other day how different my new bf is from the last one, which was very different from the last one, which was very different from the last one etc... She thought, it's...
this is totally irresponsible and immature in my point of view
So, do you mean that if an xNFJ is into expressing his feelings often like : I appreciated the time spent with you, I miss you, I am so much eager to see you again etc... and flowers etc...,...
So you're a bunch of optimist people. Interesting !
Thank you so much for all those interesting informations.  Yes in deed, it's a new relationship. You are totally right about this. Also interesting to note that ENTJ and INFJ could come across as...
I don't talk about leaders personalities. For me Alpha are ambitious people who want to succeed in life. Not automatically leaders !
Sure ! Females are welcome !
Yes, I am wondering about this guy. Thank you for the video idea. I will check. He's very xNTJish in a professionnal environnement but I suspect him to be an hidden INFJ at heart. He even got an ENTJ...'"


1146: '...ONLY to then reveal that he had been trolling the whole time and didn't give a shit about the whole scenario
http://www.patenthawk.com/blog_images/troll.jpg
What an asshole.  Edit: I'm talking about you, not her btw.
Whoa. That's a really interesting way of looking at it- can you expand on that thought?
Bar: Te  Dog1: Ni http://thevoiceforschoolchoice.files.wordpress.com/2008/09/corgi-jump.jpg  Dog2: Si http://raleighdogolympics.com/images/dog%20under%2007.jpg
I actually view it as a form of politeness to also respond back to a person. I don't like leaving people hanging- especially when they might be waiting on an answer. To decline a person's offer even...
I suppose you're right, using that method on you would be beneficial in discussing personality theory. And as bad as this sounds, I'm not particularly interested in talking about typology with you...
You are correct in this simplified explanation of how the cognitive functions work, however, the functions don't work apart from each other- it's not as clear cut as how you've stated.   But the...
I think you have some things mistaken about cognitive functions.    1) Sorry, I should've specified it more clearly in my previous post: it's your Ni and Fe working in conjunction that allows you...
You can do both. Ni to determine the cause, then Ti to figure out why it's correct. Then explain how the answer works.
That's interesting. I don't recall disrespecting you in any of the posts that I've made on here. If you go back and read each of my posts, I was merely trying to aid you in expanding your knowledge...
Saying that the responses of others is stupid is rather childish- especially at your age. Being in college, you're probably at least 18, aren't you? Please respect the responses of others next...
Very well, then I'm basing it on the responses that you have given so far- they are not adequate enough. Once again, I suggest that you read more on cognitive functions and achieve a greater...
1. I'd like to point out that the starter of that thread is Diphenhydramine, the gentleman who took great pains in doing line-by-line analysis/critique of your argument a couple posts back.   2....
No. Fe means that their decisions will be based on other people.   Here is a quick summary of how Fe works:    For more information, click on this link: ENFP Wiki <- Click   And read more...
He sounds like a douchebag. And passive-aggressive.  By the way, have you considered that he might be an ESFJ or an ENFJ? They tend to dislike conflict. He also seems to be Fe-oriented.  From...
By the way, can you give an example?
Every person has all eight functions, but each personality type is defined by the first four functions.  Here is a handy chart for you to use: MBTI Cognitive functions | Life as a Project <-link ...
A couple of things I want to say:  1) It seems to me that you're basing personality type on behavior rather than on how they process information and make decisions. They're two different things. I...
How are they able to masquerade as ENTJs? Ne and Ni are very different in both thought patterns and execution style.  ...Unless you mean, after taking one of those simple MBTI tests, due to their...
Did you mean that the ENTJ uses humor to stand out or did you mean that as a result of his type of humor, the ENTJ stands out?  If it's the first, why do you think the ENTJ does so?  Also, what...
Hm. You know, by the way, you might still be an ESTJ. Just putting that possibility out there.
Hey, not everyone hates jerky.  http://fenicediboston.files.wordpress.com/2009/05/oberto_beef_jerky.jpg  I, for one, love this stuff- it's pretty awesome and it lasts for quite a while. Great for...
To everyone who said that they couldn't stand stupid people:   What is your definition of stupidity? The adjective itself is rather subjective.
Well, I liked it because it said a lot of nice things about ENTPs (complements are well-taken) as well as being insightful to the nature of ENTPs (I love learning new things). Also, I wouldn't attack...
<3     Probably not.  1) In the case that they were playing with you:  You crying about it will make them feel misunderstood and confused because you took it too seriously. And then there's...
LOL I was just playing with you in my previous post :P  But yes, I do that all the time ahha
Huh? Wha? I...I dunno...that...that doesn't sound like something  I  would do..
On a serious note, to answer your question:  First off, I've always viewed the ENTP forum as a collection of craziness and generally, a ball of quirky amusement. Now, if every post in the ENTP is...
Well, assuming that cognitive functions are world views and not a set of skills, I would say that it makes sense that those with the same (or complementary) functions would have a higher chance of...
http://www.marty-prokop.com/blogpics/free_deer_hunting_tips_big_buck.jpg
LOL  Why do you even care?! You're leaving in like two days!
I AM ON VENT. YOU'RE the one who left.   /quickly scans the list of people on vent  YEAH. YOU LEFT.  /spits  ALSO, YOU NEVER RESPONDED TO MY PRIVATE MESSAGES! >:[
SimulatedWorld is probably the best choice, imo.  Limit's leaving, I hate dealing with annoying (subjective, yes, I know) people...and..that leaves one left. :P
Diligent and disciplined, eh?   GOOD LUCK FINDING ONE OF THOSE
http://charleston.thedigitel.com/files/imagecache/image_470/files/images/leadimages/20091016-bomb.jpg
Just as a reminder for those who have answered and for those who will answer:   Think about the people who you get along with the best and give their types- don't think of which types you get along...
Nah, I didn't say friends. And yes, I'm aware that there are exceptions. I'm not saying that everyone will get along with these types, what I'm  saying is that I've observed that a person's...
This probably has something to do with the way that I gathered data:  Given that each person lives in a different area and that each area may not have all of the personality types represented, I...
Yes, I did. There are 16 personality types and according to my  information 9 are left out for each personality type, which leaves 9  personality types that one personality type should be able to get...
No- it does not.   This information is from answers collected from the question: What are the types of those who you get along with the best? and not Which types do you get along with?
You're right. I'll do that right now.
Type Interaction: Success based on Cognitive Functions?    This information is mostly based on my observations of type interaction- basically reading many threads and interviewing various types...
good question.
That makes sense then.   It would seem that you're terrible at showing emotions out of habit. Since you believe that showing emotions is useless and have neglected to do so for the last decade or...
I'm not an ENTJ but I see this problem in the majority of NTs.    As I recall, most NT's have trouble showing empathy to others when they themselves haven't been through the same exact situation....
I had to read your post five times before I understood it.   Here is the condensed version of the whole thing:  1. You went to a party and kissed a guy. 2. Guy became possessive. 3. You find...
I find your method of figuring out personality type very interesting. It makes a lot more sense to me than basing the test results on pure numbers when the results are all over the place. I've looked...
Back when JTG1984 was here, I also believed him to be an ISTJ though he claimed to be ISFJ. However, after he was banned, I heard several reports saying that he was actually an ENTP. He also claimed...
This thread has two parts:   A) Another potential way to figure out dominant functions B) Questionaire for every type   A) Random idea here, but: perhaps it is possible to guess type from...'"


1165: It's Not My Fault That I'm Not Popular, anyone? I recently began reading it and I just want to give Tomoko a big hug.
oh that's nice i guess i could be an intj instead./strokes one of those white fluffy cats with the mashed up faces and laughs at globe maniacally  I'm guessing xSFJ. Lots and lots of Si and Fe.
Heh, that's me!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8F5YSA1Oz0&amp;feature=relmfu /One-ups everyone.
I didn't even notice it, but now that you mention it it's annoying the shit out of me. It's pointing up at something I'd rather not mention {I'm sure you can deduce} in another tab.
Link it if it's worth watching.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9C_HReR_McQ
wow rude. :[
Donnetout cechic etromantique. Alors faisons-le comme ils le font sur u200bu200bdcouverte canal Je tiens  vous dire comment se plonger dans ta chatte caverneux Nous allons tenir la main sur un tas de...
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ltx26s9wFT1qbtkcmo1_500.jpg Scientists, too. Y'all mothafuckas lyin, it's gettin me pissed.
http://desmond.imageshack.us/Himg402/scaled.php?server=402&filename=smallt.gif&res=landing http://static.fjcdn.com/comments/that+_7ea989a253bf6350e91a4ee8f6cc91ec.jpg Welp that's enough internet...
Okay. Yeah. Thanks for that. It's not like I was planning on sleeping again, anyway.  Fucking clowns, man. _
HaHAHhaHAHa pissing my fucking pants I CAN'T BREATHE rofl http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l6x5biTNkm1qas7b2o1_500.jpg...
japanese girls exchanging bodily fluids
Most of my friends are my age or older than me by a few years.
what if one day you woke up and your nipples were gone like no scars or anything just flat skin and once you leave your room you find out your dad died and several days later you found out that every...
Stupid people: Mild annoyance. Jokingly insult them and sit back in dissonant serenity. Being challenged: Prove them wrong. Being insulted: I don't usually have problems with this, but at first...
ENTP, Slytherin.
I'm thinking IxTx, he isn't the best at communicating with people. Being totally typist here and going by stereotypes.
I'm the kind of person who downs a metric fuckton of coffee at their friend's house in hopes of looking mature then stays up all night with no pants giggling hysterically at stupid shit on the...
Boku no Pico.
Whatever Loki is, I'm going to stalk the hell out of that type. ()****
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VIVSHOQboo&feature=related
I'm just here to observe and learn because I have trouble relating to ISFJs. Funny how many of you claim to use seriousness as a security blanket. I use humor that way because it isn't socially...
Paranoid





 74% Schizoid



50% Schizotypal



||54% Antisocial





||86% Borderline


|34% Histrionic

26%...
ENTP, Slytherin.
Your score was 86 of 100.   This puts you in the category of the high Machs, people who do not belive in the goodness of the world and that because that it must be manipulated, people who...
What's your type and what do you mistype as a lot? If you had to be a different type, what would your runner-up be? Are you on the middle of any axis? Why?  If not an ENTP, I think I'd be an ENFP...
The Introspector You scored 15Artist, 65 Philosopher, 20 Scientist!  You are an abstract thinker and probably spend a good deal of time by yourself, or at least, isolated mentally. Much of the way...
Meh, knew it would be an experiment. It's on an ENTP forum after all. I was hoping there would be some link to a shock site or something interesting like that.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_LP4IU6XD4
Sounds a little supervillainy, but that pretty much sums it up. Often toys to play until they break.
Personal ~  * Name - What do you preferred to be called?  - Any nicknames? Hmm...Vulpes Inculta. ;D * Male/Female/Trans? Female. Location - Where were you originally born? Where do you live...
I'm an ENTP on the verge of ENFP. Well, it's evil manifested as something other than actions, so the most heinous thing they can imagine.  (This guy:...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e17aGdM_Jwc Yeah, I'm immature.
People try to pull this crap on me a lot. I'm nice to them at first but if they keep doing it I'll sarcastically congratulate them on the keen observation as if it's hard to see then tell them to...
I like them.
did i hear someone say .gif spam thread or am i tripping over a massive majestical pile of nutsacs WE ARE SEX BOMB OMB AND WE'RE HERE TO SLOW YOUR INTERNET DOWN AND STUFF....
I'm an ENTP and I'd have to say the funniest show I've watched is South Park. I love the principle of it, that nothing is sacred and no one is exempt from parody. I like Dan Vs., Regular Show, and...
Country of origin: The inviting and freefalling but firm bosom of Lady America.  Country lived in the longest: Same.  Nationality: Russian/American  Urban/suburban/rural (When you were growing...
D: please type me because i must be defined or i will exploooode!!!1111  1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type? Pretty much everything. I'm a popular perpetual loner, a...
31217 Eeeyup. asdkakfdjlas why is it tiny.
http://img292.imagevenue.com/loc82/th_192859181_Untitled_123_82lo.jpg ..Yeeaaaahh. WHERE IS YOUR GOD NOW?
http://www.lowbird.com/data/images/2011/12/explosm-donatephysics3.gif http://pandyland.net/comics/2011-10-26-vinnie.png
Doth thou accept thy challenge? Then onward..taketh! Enough with the pseudo-ye-olde-English. I'm really bored and curious about correlation between personality types and other factors. So yes....
Stealing this from another forum.  Say something reeeeaaally un-ENTP. I figured out I was an ENTP recently and want to see how far the results go and how much we're alike. Let's start off simple....
The creator of this meme read my mind.
Baby: I cried and shat myself like any other baby. Toddler: I had a nasty biting problem and an impressive vocabulary. Talked like Stewie. Little kid {preschool}: Got along well with boys but not...
I'm an ENTP and I have yellowy green snake eyes.
Oh, the future hands down. Pardon my French, but the past can smd. You've got textbooks to learn about the past. Stepping on a bug on the past could result in Hitler having three nipples and the...
Your type: ENTP Mom's type: ISFJ Dad's type: Never knew him. Siblings' type(s): I'm an only child. Best friends' type(s): To put it simply, all of my bonds are shallow and volatile, but I do have..."


1179: 'I see XSFJ but I'd wait for a more experienced typer to respond.
Welcome fellow newbie.
Interesting. I actually filled out the Enneagram Questions on this forum if anyone is curious.
Thank you yay! Great breakdown.
I guess you could call my living situation a grey foggy cloud. It's a real downer some days. I appreciate how you've broken down parts of my post into categories of the functions. Given the other...
Interesting. You're the first to say extrovert. What makes you think ENTP? The Socionics test or something in the questionnaire?  EDIT: In response to the first sentence, I suppose going from High...
:crying: Bump
I posted this questionnaire on another forum but I figured I'd post this here to see if anyone had any other comments.   Last time I was looking for my type was in High School. What an idiot I was...
Bump....That's sad.
I don't make it a point to post on this forum. As a matter of fact, I'm not sure I care about a four-letter code as much as I care about venting my personality on a page. I'm not sure my heart will...
Interesting. The members here seem to agree with ISTP. The members of another type forum seem to lean ESTP.
Look at all the responses. :laughing:
Most people said INTJ. I stayed with that for a while. I agreed with many aspects of that profile. There was one user that later insisted on E/INFJ.
I joined this forum almost two years ago and at the start of it all, I was very interested in the MBTI. I jumped around every type and never could decide on one. I still haven't been able to decide...
18740   Let's see here...Yes. :laughing:
On a scale of 1-10. (Low is 1 to High 10)   Meeting new people. With people you know but not well.  With your group of close friends. With you closest friend.
Greetings fellow Cafe Members. I would  like to ask general questions to see how ISTJs on this forum respond.  This isn't trying to prove anything. I just want to see how much you  relate to each...
Greetings fellow Cafe Members. I would like to ask general questions to see how ESTPs on this forum respond. This isn't trying to prove anything. I just want to see how much you relate to each other....
This link was originally posted at Typology Central. Fyodor Dostoevsky was a Russian writer and essayist, known for his novels Crime and Punishment and The Brothers Karamazov. He has been considered...
What type is this half of the magical duo?     Believing there is no God gives me more  room for belief in family, people, love, truth, beauty, sex, Jell-O and  all the other things I can prove...
Greetings fellow Cafe Members and ISFPs. I would like to ask general questions to see how ISFPs on this forum respond. This isn't trying to prove anything. I just want to see how much we relate to...
Welcome to the Forum!       :laughing: < Have a laugh!
No takers? :sad:
You know you're an ENTP if, after reading this thread, you do everything listed on this thread in excess just so everyone can know how ENTP you are.
Welcome to the forum!      :laughing: < Have a laugh!
Welcome to the Forum.  :D
There are several of us that feel out of place. There are many reasons for this and we all deal with it in our own way.   1) Too cold 2) Too emotional 3) Too enthusiastic 4) Too serious 5) Not...
Welcome to the forum. : )    Please join the dark side. We have cookies. :laughing:
Welcome to the forum. :laughing:
Welcome to the forum!     :laughing:
These tests do not work for me. I can manipulate the results. I can change my behavior too well. I will be taking a far more official MBTI test. I will return and tell you the results.   Delete...
It was a fluke! I had to look some terms up after I took this the first time. The scores changed. I was biased in answering on Ni and Ti by these new results. It was also at 2 Am in the morning.  ...
Oh Yes! It did have those at the top.   I think it was a fluke.
If there was, I wasn't paying attention.    Why would it matter?
No one told me there were two function tests!   This changes everything!   My function order is:  Ti Se  Ni  Ne
One quick change...Si is the average one. Se was limited in my functions. I mixed them up.   ^ Those have not changed.   I took a more honest approach to the test and my results are listed...
Sorry, I had an outburst there for a moment.   If I am an NT I have a stereotypical reason for being seen as unfriendly. (That's what I can tell people) Even though it may not be true. My family...
I could ask you the same question in any given situation. I have always behaved in this manner. I have a need to know everything. I feel empty without knowledge. It builds my insight and worldview....
In the internal world of ideas, I have a need to be perfect. I need to master understanding of everything that interests me. I need to know I can prove myself. This is why I depend on the real world....
It is normally far more abstract. This was just an example.   How I apply it to the world? I rarely do. When I do things in the world, it involves theories I talk about or work I do.
Would it be easier if I described my thought process?   Out in the external world, I notice and connect things that I have previously understood or gained knowledge on. I notice things with my...
My Argument: Fe is outward values. Not outwardly being nice. Fe types don't have to accept societies rules.   I go with my group and my values, above the group and their values.     I still...
I feel like I am trying to use it. To support an ideal that I need be gentle. So my views do not make myself a hypocrite.  I prefer using Te than using Fe. I will try though. I guess the feeling...
What am I supposed to feel? I used Fe recently to the best of my ability. (Family Christmas) It is unfamiliar and pointless. I can't conform to norms. I don't like them. Nobody looks down on me when...
Brilliant. I will gladly try.    I haven't changed much from this...http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/4499-i-am-clueless-new.html :( If you read that it will prove that I need...
Welcome to PC!   A few tips!   1. Find the right planetary hotel. (Shh...It is a conspiracy)  2. Find an avatar that matches your flavor.   3. Pick something creative and or informing; post...
Are there any references that could help me blossom my Fe? Do you have any advice? I still test fairly weak from not using it as much as I should.
Are Intuitive Feelers more likely to have internal emotional debates? Are we prone to depression more so than other temperaments? Or is this a common N/IN curse?         Thanks, iLove
Thank you again.       Take care,  iLove
I consider myself more introverted.'"


1183: 'My handwriting is terrible!  190610190610
155930
Me too.. But sometimes it sucks but sometimes it is better than going out ^^ It aaaall depends on the people
I think clubs could be a blast! But being in the library could also be tons of fun! Just because I have an more intellectual mindset dosen't mean I can't enjoy those clubnights out when you are so...
Hr kan vi alla vara deppade ensamma NT-nordmn/kvinnor T_T
Ja precis! Likadana reaktioner fr jag av mina vnner.. Men men! Jag r 20! Sj?
Tror inte mbti r s himla vida knt, dessutom r det ju pseudovetenskap s d r folk skeptiska och d r det nog inte s mnga entusiaster och nnu mindre svenska entusiaster :(
You lost me halfways :sad:
I don't have anything to say actually, just wanted to say that I will be lurking in the dark because this thread is really interesting!  However I do want to say this whole Fe vs Fi really gets me...
This thread is full of bright happy people!
Indeed, maybe Sasuke found a way to jump between different dimensions
Haha in what language? :laughing:
That is exactly what I'm saying
I believe Uchiha Sasuke looks exactly like Keanu Reeves ...!
130689                  with my awesome post :crazy:
Haha oh myGod yes I love you !! The video rocks!!
123418  123426
Maybe, depends on the cause and my opinons etc   However I do perfer to just stay out of all it and just observe.
Hmm very interesting! I got two big sisters however my eldest is only half sibling but we all are very keen on keeping up the sisterhood. Though I'm very close to my sisters but haha they are not...
I was discussing with my older sister about responsibilties as siblings and protection etc..  We noticed that my older sister's friends that had a kid brother were very very protective of them....
122362
122178  Fuc**** hate unicorns...
Hmm actually there are alot of threads about synaesthesia.    I don't see the colors but I associate letters/numbers with colors, also they have traits, like little personalities if you would...
Can't we all agree on a certain date and a certain time?!? I'm always too late T_T
Supernatural Animated GIF
121002  I am so confused by this thread, I just don't understand it...
but it is nice to see people who take the stuff on the internet serious and wants everyone else to be serious :proud:  I don't really care for what people think of me here on PerC as it won't...
Haha I'm having a great time atm!!   You know ,you should try not to take everything so serious .. I'm not being destroyed by anyone and especially not by you, something like this can't destroy me...
See there is my point :laughing:
Hihi this is a cute thread..  It is like watching my isfj friend getting her scary angry outbursts. :crazy:
I loved France's song and I was rooting for it..  I didn't like the winner, sure it is nice to give the finger to Putin and this was one stepstone for LGBTQ but the song sucked..   Yeah I agree...
Late yet again..
My god! Sarcasm! Have you heard of it?!
.....Calm your tits woah.....   I didn't say that I believe that there are masucline and feminime but sadly we are living on a planet with many people who actually believe that women and men should...
120394
120362 120370   120378                            I just love this picture :blushed:
No, I just live in a male dominated world :proud:  Hmm I don't know about the date thing actually but they are precieved as very feminime and how the ideal woman should be. Like it or not, the ideals...
I would say ISFJ and INFP.. All introverted feelers in general.   Society likes them quiet softspoken ladies, death to them cold rational talkative ladies! :angry:
120330  Is this thread for real?
117762 <---- Isn't he just just ridiculously handsome?!  Hmm nothing more to say so I will just keep on lurking around
Dat moment when you were too late
Nah, we have known each other for quite some time now, kind of just given up besides he is out of my league so I will just keep on lurking in the friendzone ~~
This friday, this friday!!!
No I'm in the friendzone with the guys that I'm interested in but with their friends I'm not in the friendzone, basically I'm in the wrong guys friendzones and those who I wouldn't mind be in the...
Isn't ESTJ the most hated ones?
It is an evil circle, your guyfriends that you are interested in has friendzoned you and those you have friendzoned are the ones that hasen't friendzoned one..yet.. If that makes sense?!
Oh you can be.. Sadly.. The worst thing ever
Geez move on.. Aren't you an NT? I think I read somewhere that NTs are good at moving on.. Seriously it is an lost cause, realise that and then just move on, don't go and let your negative emotions...
112210
Because I'm happy, happily drunk! Think I got out of the friendzone which is nice!! This thread has no point what so ever I'm just happily drunk!  111882'"


1201: 'http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20160728/30ed85d964aca35b1f57476e6634f76e.jpg   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Are you for fucking real?   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
If the standards at private schools are reduced the people who use them will go private tutor.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Still impossible unless you lower the bar for private schools.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Because the only way to have a public school meet private standards is to lower private school standards.  Its like what the USMC is doing to let women into combat. Lowering the male standard while...
No child left behind worked like that problem is not all children are created equal. The kids who could not keep up were regulated to handicapped classes despite not being handicapped. Mandating a...
What i never understood is why people who have never had their kids in public school have to pay taxes on something they don't use.  More often than not they have to pay even when they pay for...
You mean shittily? Why would you want a private school to be a hellhole?  I am sure if we mandated private school teachers to smoke meth and have sex with minors then private schools would reach...
That is the only consistent factor that holds true through all incomes and ethnicities.  They aren't leaving to dodge taxes they are leaving, because social justice types raise the taxes in richer...
A rather misleading statement. The reason it appears that more money is spent on rich kids comes down the demographics of urban economies. People who are rich do not balk at paying higher taxes for...
Public schools cannot even keep up with other public schools, as no child left behind proved, how the hell are they supposed to keep up with private schools???   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Oh so if a doctor says he needs to perform a Craniotomy for tumor induced Trigeminal Neuralgia you would not use him, because is trying to appear smart and intimidate you  Yet you would prefer a...
Formal indicates a serious nature, rather than a casual friday before i go out and get hammered nature   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Is this a rhetorical question?   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
That would be impossible..   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Sounds like prison...   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Hahahahahahahahahahaha!!! Hate? Are you mad? Its a blast!   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Sure Entps court but most people don't call being blunt as a nuke strike, flirting.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Go with the grand theft auto life! Been doing it for 20 years and the only thing i regret is waiting so long to start!   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
The youtube video at the end was a nice touch!   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Well i know that won't happen because when i wake the devil says, shit he's up!   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Yep unless you are saying you don't want equality and are demanding special snowflake status.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
When a person protests to get laid rather than for belief its easy for that to happen.   Black people in general tend to leave me alone. Its only the posers that try to stir shit up.   Sent from...
Narconomics   by Tim Wainwright.  Its about the globalization and economic modernization of the south/central american drug trade.  Pretty accurate to, most books don't do it justice.   Sent...
I'm thinking of standing in a town, dressed in desert dpm, the stores around me are burning. The sunlight is masked and brownish as it appears through the swirling smoke. I am hot and tired, i just...
Sounds like some magic mushrooms got harvested in the last batch of shitakes!   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Was walking home from class texting when a black lives matter douche tried to confront me with his arms out with the bring it on gesture.   He was doing it in front of four black chicks obviously...
Better than your blanket statements which were easily disproven.    First people DO WAKE UP, second Ketamine is used and not just for emergencies!   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
So i am correct    Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
There always has to be a naysayer who doesn't know shit from shinola!!!  Lets see what the REAL FUCKING DOCTORS say!  First, Nitrous with Ketamine is called:  Office Based Intravenous...
Well duh the universities are incentivized i.e. Bribed to take on girls over guys. Its just a form of affirmative action. My university increased student levels by 2500 last year comprising of not...
Much worse if the teeth are impacted. About the same as regular pulls otherwise.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Only if they are impacting the other molars i.e. Growing toward the front of the face. They use nitrous oxide and ketamine mostly. Be aware the ketamine and nitrous can wear off in mid surgery like...
Violating social standards can be meaningful provided a person has upheld said standards.  Judges for instance who sent paedophiles to prison yet are themselves paedophiles but keep it a secret...
Well the us is finding that unworkable as of late   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Did i say otherwise?   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Well elimination of corporations certainly isn't fascist. Seeing that fascism works by making the wealthy afraid of the lower class and communism works by making the lower class afraid of the...
Seems to me DC proves that people commonly revel in their actions.  I see bikers, gang members, even cops doing the same.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Think you meant communism.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
That only works if there are no people who take credit for the awful deeds they do like badges of honour.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
If i choose too.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Except not being a hypocrite probably the rarest of human actions.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Actually i am completely fine with it because its their choice and they are not ashamed...you can see those people a mile away and avoid them if you wish.  The worst kind of person is the ones...
Considering that lack of hypocrisy is rarer than a socialist that does not steal other people's money, then yes.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Go for it just always remember to be straight with them and no problems should arise. Just like any business.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
1. INTP smartest person i know a very brilliant lady. 2. ENTJ roma lady.  I don't have any more. Associated with thousands of people yet only those two stand out. The rest are mostly with the...
The capitalist drinks at home because the bar markups are outrageous!   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
Don't be stupid. That alone could do it for most.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
What many people forget is that corporations nearly completely rely on HR operating around set criteria to hire people.  The reliance on the judgement calls of HR personnel tends to give company...
Sounds to me like if a person isn't smart enough to manipulate the outcome of the test they don't deserve the job.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk'"


1206: 'Tzara Oh. Ha. I should have scanned the page before posting.
Are you suggesting that personality types have a particular way of speaking/singing? Because that sounds ludicrous...
Do any other ENTPs have an inexplicable attraction to INFxs? My biggest crushes have all been INFxs and I think it is because of their whimsical nature that I lack and their shell that has to be...
I am a Christian. I hold some non-mainstream views, as well. It's a result of questioning the system. I was bred with Christianity in mind, but ultimately the choice was mine whether I became one or...
I talk about problems to either a) find a solution or b) be told I'm right. For the most part, at least. I'll often talk about them just to get them out there, because I dwell on them too much if I...
I'd say I'm more on the introverted side of the ENTP spectrum. I don't really like small talk or big group conversations or even being the center of attention in a big group of people. I socialize,...
I realized today that I'm plagued by sentiment. And it doesn't make sense to me that I am so damn sentimental. :rolleyes: It mainly happens with, of all things, clothes. I think it has to do with the...
Your replies make me feel so... Normal. :'D
It depends on if you define religious as something more close to dogmatic or just as someone who holds strict moral standards because of a belief in a god. I think T's would have a problem with...
I'm going through it right now, which is why I asked. Glad to see my reactions aren't abnormal. I luckily am able to recognize that I'm about to say something stupid out of anger. I fall for girls...
How do you ENTP's handle heartbreak? Do you get over it fairly fast? If so, do you get over it mentally first, or emotionally?
I'm not religious, but I do believe in Jesus the Christ as my Savior. I've grown bitter toward the idea that certain practices and actions will get you in God's good graces. I think that, as an...
Bleed the Freak live by Alice in Chains.
You can generally find me in a t-shirt and some stretchy jeans. Comfort, baby. I also usually wear a hoodie or a cardigan and one of those newboys hats. I try to be comfortable, but fashionable....
1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type? I relate much better to ENTP's and am quite consistently objective in judgments, but I'm also considerate of others and their...
Just curious as to what you guys think an ENTP who didn't assert him/herself would look like/act like/speak like. It's weird to ask, but I just thought it would be fun to see what you guys have to...
When you could be one of the best students out there, but don't do your best because you're much more fascinated by the people around you than the school work.  When you peruse debate forums that...
When people think you're high because you're deeply contemplating the possibility and physics of the sky falling.  When you overthink the MBTI questions because half of them are not dichotomies....
My N and P were both complete or Very Clear.
I took the Myers-Briggs today. I got ENTP. With only a slight preference to both E and T. T was literally the slightest preference available. Haha.
I am having the same difficulty in typing. Like, identical. Upon taking the cognitive functions test, I'm an ENFP. But, on the Kiersey and other online tests, I get ENTP, with the occasional ENFP. I...
I more so meant the outcome part of it.  Honestly, I'm content being either. I more just want to figure out what I am because it would help me find myself more to have a good idea of my personality...
Well, I'm taking the actual MBTI soon, so I'll be sure to tell you guys the results. :)
Can you elaborate on this?
Ok, this is helping me greatly. I'm starting to think that I am an ENTP with a highly developed Fe. Because I make decisions based on logic, but I am also considerate of people's feelings when giving...
I wonder if the development of your cognitive processes can be affected by how you were raised and what kind of environment you grew up in...
Ok, so, the F and T have to do with what you prefer to use while making choices? Or with what you naturally use to make choices?
Yeah, that makes sense.
What is the main difference between an F type and a T type? (I've pretty much eliminated the idea of being an introvert.)
I'm 18. :P
Ha. I often tend to phrase things awkwardly. Sorry!
Upon briefly reading up on the cognitive functions, I'm leaning towards ENTP with a highly developed Fe. I will have to continue more research on these functions at a time when I'm not as tired. And...
I can understand that. I'm new to this personality theory stuff, and still studying it and grasping some of the concepts.
I'm taking the Myers-Briggs in my personality psychology class this next week, so I'm excited to see the results.
Well, I was reading up on the xNxP Child articles on this very forum, and while I shared almost all of the characteristics of the ENTP, I fit the ENFP precisely. And I figured that, since I fit the...
I wasn't typed as an ENFP, but my childhood personality fits one to a T. I'm now 18, almost 19.  I have been under a lot of stress lately. Mainly of the self-imposed nature because I think about...
How many of you guys are genuinely caring for other people? I mean, you really want to do good things for people and help them out. Is it illogical to care in your opinion? I'm not casting...
Like, I'm having a total identity crisis. I'm thinking about everything a lot, almost obsessing over it. I know I'm an xNxP type, I just don't know the other two letters. Presently, xNTP seems to fit...
I've also found myself becoming increasingly bad and awkward at small talk, much preferring to debate/discuss huge topics. Do you do that, too?
Is this a common occurance? That is, changing types? I've always been pretty in-tune to people's emotions, at least enough to sympathize and empathize, and I used to make all of my decisions based on...
I think a lot of the motive for an NT type to be a people pleaser is the possibility that you'll benefit from the relationship. I think in terms of be good to others and good will come back to you,...
When the idea of people is more interesting than the people themselves.  When you can't enjoy the movie Looper because you're thinking too much about the logical fallacies of time travel.  When...
If you know what he means. ;)
That we can't be sympathetic. I was raised as an ENFP, but grew into ENTPness, so I'm very in-tune with people and offer them a helpful ear when they need it, even hugging them. It just makes sense...
When you start a debate whose main stance is your opinion is wrong.  When the only reason you're not a douchebag is because you think you'll benefit from the relationship. (Or because the other...
Ok, that was a joke, I'm not looking for my life partner. I am new here, though. As I said, I'm an INTP, but I'm pretty outgoing and can sympathize well. From my studies of personality theory, I'd...
When you think too much about whether you're an F or T, eventually drawing the conclusion that your thoughts control your emotions, and that, when posed the question Which controls you more: head or...'"


1211: 'Yes, I agree these are complex circuits. And yes, I have witnessed more than once the effects of dementia. Still, this woman is working - an not as a waitress at McDonald's, but in a public setting...
I don't think having your private life invaded is part of the job. Artists don't need to play their famous persona 24/7. For example, I think Emma Watson refuses to get selfies with her fans. She...
But is it understaing and compassionate to let the girl get away with it? She clearly understands that she shouldn't be stealking, but she did it anyway. So she'll probably steal again when she gets...
I just finished American Gods. It blew my mind.
Hi! I'm Italian too :) I know I great Italian source on MBTI if you're interested! :)
Warning: likes to press the red button.
What's the reasoning behind this?
*pouring random attention all over GiantDad*  Next time, try mentioning kittens. That should attract enough weirdos to your thread.
I don't think this will be helpful for her in the long run. But at least you've got lockers :D
Geonerd really? I love to write down lists. To-do lists, grocery shopping lists, daily schedule, projects lists, random lists... I love saturday because I get to do my weekly grocery shopping, and I...
Thanks everyone! :)
We can also see ENTP have on average a lower educational level and are less likely married, compared to other types. So, if we assume these stats are correct, that could be an explanation of the...
I was wondering... what are the biggest challenges you face in a relationship?
And after five months people are still leaving their lunch around? O.o  I think the social worker and her dad definitely need to get involved. What kind of life will she have if she steals again...
Oh. Then I agree with reporting her - she knew she was doing something wrong. Do you plan to let her colleagues (those she stole from) know? Could it compromise the reputation of the other disabled...
Agree. But it's really hard not to over-shelter someone you see like a child... I think it's normal to shield them a bit more. We need to treat weaker people differently in order to give the equal...
Do her caregivers know about it? You could discuss this with them to being with. There must be some consequences, but her colleagues could make her life really hard if they found out she was stealing...
You must be horribly nice :D
May we read the grudging thank you? This is getting addictive :D
But then you're taking away all the fun! :bored:  Joking aside, you had a wonderful idea and those messages are really sweet!
Well, I'd say he's no ISFJ :D
It's really cute. But I'm afraid someone could come up with something like I like how horrible your face is. It makes me feel beautiful.  :D
I thought ISFJs would be a bit dull. Then I found out a girl I admire for her bubbling never-ending enthusiasm in 100% ISFJ. Go on and wreck those stereotypes, people! <3
An artist with an interest in science. So cool 8)
Welcome on PerC, procrastinator!
It was really interesting BranchMonkey. I find it really hard to focus on my breathing, it's like my mind can't stay silent for too long. I count with each breath in/out until I get to 10, and then...
This. <3
This was so cute.
Pizza. Best dream ever.
It's just so easy to attack someone on their body/ethnicity/age/anything absolutely unrelated to the topic, rather then construct a logical argument. Especially when you've got no argument.
ENTP here. I love bards. <3
In no particular order: INTP - wonderful interactions INTJ - I've been terribly fascinated by some and got along really well INFJ - Even more fascinating than INTJ  I find INFP and ENFP really...
Get them drunk.
I can't stop thinking. Ever. When I try meditating, I'll stop thinking for a couple of minutes, then the incessant flow of thoughts resumes and I realize it only when my timer rings. Argh.
I've been called arrogant more than once. Or know-it-all. I'm basically very confident of what I'm saying when I have (scientific) evidence to back me up. I'll get into arguments where I show...
I can read it, but how do we know it's accurate? What are the sources of the article? Is it based on research? What factual evidence does the author provide? It's the problem with tests too. I...
1) If it's just a couple of strangers, I can manage it. If I'm with a group of strangers (like four people or more) then yes, I'd rather leave. If I can't leave I'll probably just ignore them and...
I took the test you linked me. Results were 55% E, 45% I. Everything else was consistent with the 16personalities test. The ENTP or INTP test result was 82% ENTP. It looked more like a cognitive...
I first met with MBTI a few years ago, so in this time I took various tests and thought a lot about myself. Every cognitive functions test I took resulted in Ne>Ti, but I don't think I have a higher...
Thanks, I'll read that. But it's a bit long so let me have my morning coffee first :D Mmmh. Could I have a dominant extroverted function and still have many introverted features (speaking about...
The point is my Ne is stronger than my Ti, and I also know my Ti developed later in life. I like outdoors - alone. I need a lot of me-time. Parties bore me and I feel out of place among lots of...
Anecdotally, this happens to me. MBTI test will type me as an I based on questions about my *social behaviour*, not my psychology. But my primary function is almost certainly Ne - I'm just not that...
I love your bright, optimistic view of weddings :D
Sorry for the double post.  olonny I found the threads I once read here on the forum, when I was trying to differentiate Ne-Ti vs Ti-Ne:...
Yep, I can definitely see that problem ._. you could solve it by choosing fair criteria, like I'm inviting close family up to aunts, uncles and cousins. This way you can avoid inviting unknown...
Quoting:  And I really wouldn't say not wanting to party that night gives you an INTP look. Or starting a conversation with strangers, be more comfortable than an INTP in a room full of strangers,...
Well, you can get ideas from books. Movies. The internet. Observation. Or discussing ideas with friends - which does not mean you like to spend time partying or start conversations with a bunch of...
I definitely prefer algebra.
That's a broad generalization that, I think, stems from some tests focused on letters (E vs I, J vs P etc). Why would a Ne dom feel energized by people? Ne is about ideas, not people. If you look at...
I don't hate weddings, but I prefer private ones. Close family and friends. Not 100 people for God's sake! Unless you have a really large family, that's more than the face-name associations I can...'"


1216: 'The worst friend a boy can have in church is the minister.
I once saw what I believe was a real ad, which stated: For peanut sorting, we require an employee with no sense of humor.
Beware of the munchies season
As they get older they get WAY WORSE.   (I guess that was sarcasm too)
In a Russian research facility, deep within the Stanovoy mountains. (Look it up)
To always look on the broad side of the knife ;)
Chemical Teddy, what you describe seems like a mild depression. Being a Q4w3 yet an ENTP, I can relate to that. I am intrigued: how does this depression manifest in you? You describe yourself as...
It's simple, if you get this metaphor: Ne Lays the tarmac. Ti is the steamroller that evens-out the surface.
Character B needs nothing more than his geek-chic and know-it-all laid-back attitude to get what he wants in life, or so it seems he will be sitting on the sofa and flirting with the babes at the...
I Chose B for my first answer. The overall sleaziness of a stooped-shouldered overweight characters with long undone hair paints a pretty definitive picture to me. The smartass appearance of a...
Give her a choice of dressing for when you decide to cook and eat her (literally?)
ESTPs have charisma. So do ENFJs and ENTJs. It's the 'Se' extroverts that display the alpha male/female qualities often known as charisma, a word derived from Moorish Arabic and is related to...
ENTPs like to act and debate from a relatively safe distance. Many are glutinous with loads of 'joie de vivre' in their stock, and a big-bellied (or, rather, tall and slender?) middle-aged fellow is...
Character 4 stands with his back to the audience, looking over his shoulder. He is signifying disinterest and a screw all dat and let's juz go! attitude, seen in many immature XSFPs. His whole body...
I Choose character 1 as the most suitable to depict an ENTP: The Raised eyebrow- implying a witty, naughty Ne/Ti combinationx85 the controlled posture, suggesting a lack of Se. The finger in the air,...
Being an ENTP 4 seems like the complete opposite of the more widespread ENTP 7. Since I'm a 4 with a 3 wing, there's always the urge to shine and achieve. I'm serious and have a no-bullshit approach...
Pick yourself a freshly-cut ISTP, and go home happy.
655466
What brings to mind the old Hindu tale of the blind men and the elephant; each of the theory's testers is revoked the ability to grasp the big picture, and while presented with different angles on...
I guess, ENTP stands for Efficiency Not Top Priority...
Look for the one who is observant, oftentimes aloof, but who will commit gladly once the topic sparks their curiosity or hits the right nerve.  Or, soft.cynosure, for the one who sees things...
I received this one :laughing: Does that mean I have an ENTP/J Schism?  Dictator  Have you no soul? It's clear you have no heart and that your blood runs cold, but really, do you have even one...
We know this is an ENTP breeding ground, but this guy is on to something... perhaps the first ENTP dating site??? He can run as admin :kitteh:
Perhaps, He's an ENTP from Q3 or Q8? Think of it- that could make him assertive and very goal-oriented, but still warm enough inside to be open to your shenanigans (Ne-Ti-Fe-wise).
It's true that being a 4 sounds counter-logical to being a thinker, let alone ENTP, who are correlated strongly with happy-go-lucky-lets-all-stop-and-smell-the-flowers 7. 4s tend to envy and brood,...
Mine is Ti > Ne > Ni = Te > Si > Fi = Fe > Se. It makes sense you would develop certain functions before you develop your basic ENTP functions (Ne>Ti>Fe>Si) based on your surroundings and personal...
644057
Interesting. What I find fascinating about some extroverts is their level of extroversion in affiliation to their enneagram type; It's common sense that withdrawn extroverts of Q4,5,9 are more likely...
There is no reason on planet earth for ENTPs as a whole to look down on anyone, really. All people are case-specific, and nobody is better than anyone else based on temperament alone.  But... If...
As disgusting as the topic may seem, fecal matter tends to release gasses into the air. Get creative with your neighbors' compost bin/septic tank, and watch the wonder as you poke a hole and stick a...
I believe some of the confusion stems from ENTP-ISFJ and ESTP-INFJ shadows, or what I like to call Functional opposites. An ENTP buckling under stress may become a neurotic hypochondriac, reminding...
Yup. That's what I had in mind the moment I wrote it. Don't care for it either :proud:
How are the XSXP and the ISFJ in the second video related to the topic?
Sounds like me and STJ shop-keeps & other service providers you need something done, have a question for them, and notice how the ISTJ gets angry and impatient and the ESTJ gets cocky and belittles...
My sentiments exactly. The common reason for the overall introversion of ENXPs is usually explained by being 'extraverts who are motivated by ideas' as opposed to Se/Te dominants who are motivated by...
I guess I'm the epitome of Expect the unexpected then...
I remember being 18 and a shy ENTP, who's more like an introvert than anything else being a Q4 helped, I guess. What you need is an older woman who can help 'pop your cherry' so to speak. Any Fe...
I'm the Eldest, serious as *uck, 4w3. There is a common notion for the first-born to be stern,  but so are my twin siblings of a 7 year gap:  ISTJ 1 & ESFP 2  My parents are  ENTP 7w6 ISTP 5w6
Both of them could ruin your day, your week, your month or even your year.  Any Thoughts? :dry:
I forgot my penis pump
That's how we roll, my feathered friend :proud:
That's exactly my qualm. Most of the replies I saw here relate to what common knowledge is derived from unhealthy ENTP behavior, and since most ENTPs are 7s and 8s, not much can be learned and...
An unhealthy ENTP looks as though Shiva the Destroyer decapitated Bill Clinton :wink:
The problem lies with the definition. What do you define as healthy? Is it a top-of-the-shelf product like those personalities you find in movies and TV shows? I think we must remember that MBTI...
I think ENTPs and ISTPs are a perfect match. My girlfriend is an ISTP, and my parents are ENTP(mom) and ISTP(dad). Since ISTPs are one of the most mellow, easygoing, intelligent and tolerant...
I'm curious to know what do you mean by that, since a lot of what we ENXP types come up with is basically not embedded in a stern backbone of solid evidence since we make 'leaps' of thought between...
Hmm... I wonder what the RED pill will do to my Neos.  Such a fellow should be located at a low building floor, with set windows that can't open, to deter jumpers.
Is it a month without assholes or without masturbation? Because the latter sounds rather stressful and frustrating...
Sexual 




 50% Social 






 70% Self Preservation 






 70%  Never hassle the lord in his castle :kitteh:
There is a common notion that we ENTPs are often playing Devil's advocate, merely for the pleasure of contemplating a dilemma from several aspects or to push people's buttons. I wonder: how does...'"


1217: 'From theory and interactions with people of both types I would say there are some pretty big diffrences. INFPs tend to be more set in their ways and rigid than ENFPs due to a higher Si influence...
Sp/So
Enfj
Sp/So or So/Sp (Very Sx last)
ESTJ   TMLT to alternative between being a wallflower and a party animal?
ESTP  TMLT to be the person trying to hug the wall puncher above to calm them down.
Ennegram= 369  MBTI= xxFJ  TMLT to whine all day and not listen to solutions.
MBTI= IxxJ  Enneagram= 6w5  TMLT to refuse to celebrate Chrismas (Not for religious or moral reasons but out of grumpiness).
9w1 7w6 4w5
Sx/So
Unhealthy INTJ  Type most likely to be very pleasant and nice 99% of he time but when someone angers them they are like volcano then they go back to being super nice like nothing happened.
7w6 9w1 4w3 So/Sp
Sp/Sx
INxJ
Nah hes ENTP :) he he eh . As for Ferrel hmm id say ExTP  Type most likey to dance all day
ISxJ (Tolkens writing style and design of story world is very Si)  TMLT to be a Willy Wonka?
Istp
IxFJ  TMLT to spend one week alone then spend the next non-stop socializiing and rinse and repeat.
ExTP  TMLT to enjoy mosh pits?
Socially maladjusted= IxTx  Behaviourally maladjusted= ESTP  TMLT to consider pop music high class
xxFP   TMLT to want to dissect insects.
ISxJ (Infeiror Ne)  TMLT to have a amped up tert function
1. I can be really outgoing and energetic with friends, but quite shy with new people in new places.   2. I tend to come up with the most rediculous ideas, and stupid things to do.   3. I will be...
1. Not type related but maybe pointing to a 4 influence with Si in your stacking with the focus on how senations affect your body.  2. Precise steps seems STish but mostly T in general. The rest...
ExTP  TMLT to go to martial arts classes to beat people up to release stress from life.
Interesting and thanks a lot for commenting. BTW I identify strongly with 7w6 core and 2w3 and 1w9 are both possible fixes for me. Out of curoisty what made me seem 1w9 and 2w3?.
INFP  TMLT to get 100% marks despite being semi-comatose in class
Hmmm for your collage overall Id say maybe hmmmm looking at it I see a 7 and 4 combo of sorts with the zany and unquie combo. I think 7 leads here as I dont see as much image focus as I see a sense...
Hmmm I can say yes and no for this question. It is true us ENTPs tend to not brood over emotions the way xxFP types tend too so we are less likely to have that persistent level of awareness of...
ISTJ  TMLT to play WOW all day.  TMLT to design sonic levels for fun  TMLT to sleep only 5 hours a day on average
This is typism in its worse and most pure forum!. ENTPs are not criminal scum. Well no more than those ESTPs who do stunts or those ESFJs who manipulate people.
ESTP   TMLT to read only famous authors.
1. I am a lover of ideas and bizarre debates such as What would a whale space ship look like and What if our oceans were made of methane not water as they get me going.  2. I love helping and...
1. I am a lover of ideas and bizarre debates such as What would a whale space ship look like and What if our oceans were made of methene not water as they get me going.  2. I love helping and...
ISFJ  TMLT be conflict phobic.
Frodo - INFP 6w5 9w1 2w1 Sp/So  Sam - ISFJ 2w1 6w7 9w1 Sp/So Pippin - ESFP 7w6 2w1 9w8 So/Sp Merry - ESTP 7w8 3w2 9w8 Sp/So Gandalf - INFJ 1w2 5w6 3w4 So/Sp Aragorn - ISTP 5w6 1w9 3w4 Sp/Sx...
INxP (Tert Si is very clingy to routine).  TMLT to love video games
1. Judger type. 2. That shows a strong Ji function. 3. Hmmm Si is below tert if you struggle with recall. 4. No type related 5. Not type related.  Overall IxxP leaning towards ISxP due to...
For makeitrain xSTx  TMLT to be triple reactive tri (846)  TMLT to be triple pragamtic (135)  TMLT to be triple postive (297)
5. Extrovert with withdrawn triad ennegram.  2. That shows a good Pe function, Depends on the focus of the brainstroming, If more real world then Se and if more abstract ideas then Ne.  3. Shows...
IXTJ 1w9 lol :)  TMLT to not do any work in college and only go there to have a good time.
INTJ  TMLT hate math.
Krayfish  I see a heavy 7w6 element first of all with the fun and exploration of more abstract landscapes as opposed to the more real nature of a 7w8. Next down I see a 9w1 as there is a feeling of...
I wouldn't use my post as a know all guide personally since im no expert but hmm another factor I would take into account is tritype as this can also affect the way the types present, ya could say in...
The biggest difference is their usage of Si and Ne. INFPs Si is far more rigid and childish than an ISFJs Si as its not as complex and mature as a dom Si is. Dom Si is not narrow minded or...
Jesus lol :). Hmm maybe a very immature ExxP  TMLT to enjoy simple foods all the time
Ill try to tritype a few based on memory and guessing.   Mickey mouse 2w3 7w6 9w1 So/SX (Triple postive as hell).  Donald Duck- 6w7 8w9 3w4 Sp/Sx  Goofy- 9w1 2w1 6w7 Sp/So  Alice in...
Been playing a few sonic games and I can type a few characters based on my best guess.  Sonic- ESTP 7w8 3w2 7w8 Sx/So  Tails- INTP 5w6 9w1 2w1 Sp/So  Knuckles- ISTJ 1w9 6w5 2w1 Sp/Sx  Dr...
Pitching in as a ESFJ since I know a few. INTPs are very cool folks who typically are pleasant company to be around with and they can be loud once you get them going lol. However I find the Ti/Si...
xSTP  TMLT to alternate between extreme extroversion and extreme introversion.'"


1219: 'Reddit, Airsoft, and Writing.......... for now
Rhode Island
current status: I'm freezing my ass off  but its in the high 60's. I freeze like a chihuahua for some reason tho
You just gotta go out and make yourself available to the world. Dont worry about anything, someone will pick up on you. Until then though, just bang everybody to work up some EXP hahah God speed
nope. just did so many dishes its not even funny
I'm pretty much having the time of my life with this girl if you want an update. The whole meshing together thing can be creepy because we think so much alike but I'm fine with that. It's still to be...
It means it gets messy as shit sometimes haha
We all kind of have similar physical features. Maybe that is a common trait. The forehead and brow ridge, the height, the skinniness. Height: 6'2 Weight:170 lbs ...
What is this....cry you speak of? Anyway, really random stuff. For instance, one morning I got a lump in my throat when I saw a Hi-Definition photograph of the space shuttle taking off. Why? I dont...
I have an INTP moving in soon. We always have the best conversations  Now my house will include two ENTP's, an ENFP, and an INTP. We have a great time
That's why I wrote in that paragraph, I'm not really panicking because of what I read. Obviously people are still individuals first most
I used my roomates Skype account to chat to one of his good friends from home but didnt use the video chat part, just the text and pretend i was him. I slowly worked my way into saying, Well, I've...
Starcraft II has all the complicated competition to keep you biting your nails the whole time. It's the most anxiety inducing experience ever (except for hostage situations, hold ups, threat of...
Yeah, let's do that tomorrow!
Funny you should say that, cuz OH MY DOG shes good hahah I didnt know that was part of being an enfp
I have a good friend who is an ESTP and we've had sex a few times but I wouldn't wanna date her (not my type) and I guess she's alright with that. It's weird that we can be regular friends, goof off,...
Never enough
About ESTP girls? enjoy the sex. Emotionally and intellectually though idk what you're gonna find
My grandfather said this once, I'm a jack of all trades and a master of none, a lover of women and drinker of rum  I think that suits me just fine haha I never perfect anything. I've played a...
She's great but from what I've been reading about this pairing it doesnt seem to turn out well. I'm not really panicking because of what I read. I can almost feel it too. Like, we're really similar...
dont tell her your feelings. intrigue her somehow and make her come after you. To us ENTP's its all a game and we don't like it when its too easy to win (sometimes). but, im sure you dont wanna be...
was it on comedy central and did dane cook come on after?!
i <3 sexing  I think people in every type have a high sex drive cuz thats more or less our purpose. to replicate and propegate. same as every other cell, monkey, squirrel out there
for the past 3 days ive had a song stuck in my head that i am absolutely annoyed with. its the sound of a raucous bar back in the 30's playing aggressive ragtime music with a piano and trumpets and a...
sometimes I feel like i care too much about the people around me enough to take responsibility and go into super dad mode (im only 19 though but you know what i mean) what shit goes down. of course...
maybe Louis C.K.? He always has really unique ways of putting things
You know youre an ENTP when you just cant find it within yourself to give any of your pets a normal name.  My cat's name is 'Master Seargant Cat Patrick Stevens'. Every year he moves up a rank hahah
did it happen. i forgot to check this thing for.. idk, a month haha
1. I prefer the getting-thrown-directly-in-the-fire approach to most things but a little info beforehand never hurts.  2. Pretty impulsive (WANT! :D)  3. Often. Sometimes ill think of something...
how would we know that we wouldnt get sick of eachother? hahaha
Droid! I choose you!
I did a few more posts just so i could post pictures on this thread. you need 15 haha
My ideal girl is an 8-10 out of 10 physically. smart, witty, sensual, and can keep up with me. I think im probably really picky but when I meet someone who fits these parameters I get that omg omg...
I completely agree. My ideal group for me being extroverted would probably be 3 people (including myself). Im not really sure why
conformity! booo! hissss!  I always just do my own thing
I lost mine when i was 15. I was one of the first kids in my grade. my best friend lost his about a month earlier so i busted my ass to keep up haha i man whored it up in high school til i got a long...
http://a8.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc4/67571_10150274823980048_694980047_15007145_8301167_n.jpg ...
When you have sexual tension with your attractive female teachers/professors and once and a while they try to pull a good will hunting on you with your potential and such, its not my fault! Its not...
Me: I couldnt tell you what I've been rambling about for the past 10 minutes. I lost my train of thought  Friend: Well, you were telling us about how you're the antichrist cuz you were born on...
Friend: How was Battle LA?  Me: There was no character development at all, and there was a lot of unnecisary stuff in it like having the 2 little kids and the guy from east bound and down. ...
I do my best work under EXTREME pressure. And that can be dealing with anything as long as its drastic, last second, and life alteringly necessary. I basically turn on when I'm under that kind of...
I fall asleep in math classes. In high school I had to go to summer school twice for math. However I was in all of the AP classes for subjects like history and psychology. Math was never my thing
definately Emma Stone. no need to explain who she is cuz i know that all of you already have a wikipedia/google tab at the ready at all times
I feel insecure when I feel lonely. If ive been isolated for too long then I start to go a little crazy and will literally run out the door and find something good to do. I call this my escape...
I have a good ESTP friend and he loves me alot haha He said I'm the funniest person he's ever met and I havent noticed anything animosity about that
My mom and dad are both ISFP's. I tricked them into taking the test so i could really disect what makes them tick and if they have anything to do with you I am (I uh... just asked them to take it and...
I think the character should be a male ENTP but in order to do it right they shouldnt be neither good nor evil. We're kind of gray area people. I'd love to explain that more if you want
Rhode Island seems like a great middle ground. Mostly because I live there...
Adding things as I do them myself haha so I got another one. Knowing completely how to spell a word but then writing it your own way because you think that its more right than the official way and...
Dammit! Im a failure!'"


1222: 'Just do it. If you look at me, I'm gonna speak to you.  Just do it. I don't debate with people for shits and giggles, I probe/push buttons to see what you respond to. I'm not toying with you, I'm...
I wish this statement rang true for the experiences I've had in my life. It's disgusting to see so many vocal christians so anal-retentive and accusing of people, and disrespect the shit out of...
In all honesty, it's quite depressing to have somebody discount you because you're not a godly person. And the people that mainly surround you, are very admirable, respectable, loving people. Now...
I don't think his comments were meant to be taken in such a literal fashion, but very keen observation.  *Bows Head* Respect! :laughing:
Well if you agree that faith is a personal journey what's wrong with just sharing your belief? Instead of attempting to convince someone because you irrationally fear for them as well as yourself? As...
I feel as if I'm at #5, but I see where you're coming from. But where does the appreciation of difference actually exist, if those #1's assume I am a #3? Are you saying the disrespect is mutual? Or...
R.E. Amemiya is not attacking you. He's mentioning something I believe is very valid, and the Christian philosophy births the statement of Do as I say, not as I do - at the end of the day there are...
I wouldn't call it bitterness, I feel rather confused that in a Christian's eyes - everyone else is wrong if they don't believe as the Christian believes. Nobody is allowed to make their own...
Back with another trend discovery. Anyone notice that very religious people tend to be mightily coercive or control freaks?  EDIT: I believe it's incredibly ironic that they want to celebrate...
Leave that up to those who know how to use their Te. Don't feel bad, I'm in the same boat as the rest of you. :laughing:
I slept better before I met you, Because a night alone seems like forever without you
lunaticrabbits  You dear, are insightful.
Yes. However, the end goal should never be to categorize people. That alienates people and disconnects you from them if everything doesn't match up (to your liking). It's like when somebody you've...
A person relatively honestly with themselves can be typed. It doesn't matter that much because you're more likely to meet people suppressing their life experiences anyway. It takes a person genuinely...
Glad I could contribute bro.
And this is where I say get over yourself. The outside world probably could give less of a shit about who you are even doped up on exlax and milk of magnesia. You might just be more happy with your...
I do what the fuck I want and I love that shit, but an NT who can empathize is the scariest thing a docile human will ever encounter.
GeniusOverlord  I don't like classifying myself to specific things, I just live my life the way I want to. Sure I probably resemble some categories that might spark further investigation, but the...
Hell's Angels   wildebeast  EDIT: http://personalitycafe.com/entp-forum-visionaries/429834-entps-joke-mbti.html
The same way you deal with everybody else. You let people be who they are. Hard-headed people don't need convincing, they need experience; a good dose of what life is supposed to give them anyway. I...
They tell a joke to you with a stone face, and then laugh hysterically when they're finished.  Gawd, it's funny.
This video may be better suited for INTP's, who probably care more about thinking and discussing trivialities.  Not one of my values anymore.
This thread is to get a picture of the different types of ENTP's that exist in this thread, hell if you're not an ENTP feel free to respond as well!          [Rules]   List 3 of your favorite...
IENTP  The more assessments you take to quantify yourself, the further you become from understanding yourself.  Information is only as good as what you can manage of it. You'll find that the more...
The thing about odds is that the value of the experience rests purely in a heuristic sense.  If a person only has one opportunity to experience something and is forced to make a segmented choice of...
Cagnazzo  For the Titties :ninja: *salutes*
Can't tell if word play...? Or just play on words...
Style: Constantly Moving/Changing (Physically & Mentally) Execution: Specific w/ Deadlines What: Anything ^ with the above criteria  Me: Aiming for Project Management -> Good Money + Evolving...
Geonerd  As an ENTP, everything and everyone is in my way when I have to get something done. I don't look at packing as a puzzle, but I strive for efficiency in the smallest albeit reasonable...
I feel like it's good and it's natural, I perceive it to be an instinctual protective mechanism. We lie more often than not to protect ourselves, not necessarily those around us.  I take pride in...
Somebody who feels my pain. Gah-lee. :frustrating:
Can't be an assumption if I've confessed feelings of any sort to you explicitly, unless you just weren't listening to begin with. People tend to need NT's to verbalize their emotions and when it...
I thought I finally got rid of the investigators in my life, but nope! There's still you... :laughing:  Ex.) Liking someone who is well aware that you like them, but that person enjoys their own...
:laughing: I love this!
What's emboldened is the only part I really understand from your inquisition, without prying for more details. Personally, I have been guilty of wanting emotional intimacy from others without...
Veggie  For us, it's almost absurd to why we have commitment issues or fears of emotional intimacy, when its practically ingrained in an ENTP's personality to have a near-obsession with personal...
Unconventional, witty, rambunctious, and rationally impulsive
Well since you're the brutally honest type, I'll first say that you're not one of my favorite people on here. You're second sentence makes you come across as somebody who needs everyone else to...
ENTJ. But don't look too much into it. Enjoy the ride yo.
Hahahahaha! Yeah man, I love it. We're the contradiction that almost didn't make sense. :exterminate:
Awakening ENTP. A child who feels isolated from their parents is more likely to isolate themselves from people naturally. And I believe that is the foundation of introversion. That behavior deprives...
drmiller100  Oh man, where was this story 2 years ago! Took the words right out of my mouth man. INFP's have a very judgmental, defensively aggressive value system; and basically if you're not on...
This reply was fucking gold! Amen! :laughing:
Geonerd -- Yes, don't disrespect my unadulterated Green Tea.  Being Logical: A Guide to Good Thinking by D. Q. McInery  A Mind for Numbers by Barbara Oakley  Fear of Knowledge by Paul...
I literally laughed out loud and said, You're fucking crazy!  ...But then, I kept reading... :th_woot:
Dad - ESFJ / Mom - ISTP   Manipulative Dad / Conflict Avoidant Mom = Lame but totally fucking Cool, Combative Mediating Sci-Fi Nerd (Me) :laughing:
I feel a little beside myself when my Fe isn't appreciated, it's not often I show emotional regard I have for people in general.  -For others, Fe is all inclusive: compliments, concern for how...
I just want to make love to his voice. Young lady in a Philosophy Club meeting last year.
I really don't like analyzing people around me anymore in terms of MBTI, but I still am a bit fascinated by the functions and the variable explanations that can be derived from them.  Being around...
The Joker, Heath Ledger Edition'"


1236: 'You're fucking mental.
Night Owl. I've adopted a normal sleeping pattern as of late, though.   Also, I'm virgin.
My grandmother is an ISFJ. She's great, but she also can get on my last nerves with nagging and her conservative(not political) thinking. I don't know how I'll be able to handle that with a...
Well, I should probably change my type thingamajig because I'm certain that I'm an xNTP(leaning ENTP).
I had an ESFJ girlfriend at one point and she hated everything that you love about Ti. Every. Thing. Maybe if she was ENFJ she would have enjoyed me more.   Shut down function is fucking annoying...
How have I not seen Real Genius? An 80s sci-fi comedy and I haven't seen it?! I'm a disgrace.   I do debate for debate sake, but it starts out as me attempting to get a point across to some peon....
I'm perfectly fine with being in a meaningless relationship. Not interested. I want to have fun, that's about it.
Cool profile picture. I'm fond of Blondie.
One glaring NTP trait I possess is my willingness to debate. Incessantly debate. I can somewhat relate to the Ne brainstorming thing. And the two times I've taken the test I was either barely sensing...
This would be so easier if there was like an island filled with IxTP girls. Too bad Themyscira isn't real. Wonder Woman reference.
I have plenty of bars. What would you do for a klondike?   I'd say I'm open-minded towards hauntings being legitimate. I spent a year alternating between researching supernatural phenomena, UFO...
I have an inquire regarding your soundcloud.   You got bars?!
Know anyone interested in following up on UFO sightings and exploring haunted areas?
That's what I was thinking to myself. I need an ISTP girlfriend probably lol  I think I'm looking at it from the perspective of I will be with that girl because I'm bored, but if it did evolve into...
I couldn't find semen bucket on urban dictionary.
Semen bucket is funny. Distasteful, but hilarious.   And I don't know if it runs that deep. It might, but I doubt it. I don't think I've entered a state of numbness. I'm just fucking bored and want...
Maybe I'm using the wrong words.   I'm not into long, introspective analysis about what I want. It's dreary, perhaps even boring to do that. All I need for right now is some girl that I can have...
I'm bored with being alone and not being able to do shit with anyone.   I just want to share my hobbies with someone else. Maybe get into a little bit of trouble.
I'll admit that it's partially about sex.   The rest is about companionship if I'm being serious for a moment. I have three friends. One lives in another state, one lives in another country and the...
lol victim  I'd want to be with someone as detached as I am that way this explaining stuff doesn't have to happen. I tried this with an INTJ girl before, but she still ended up being too much of a...
Meh. It might be selfish, but I don't really care. I would hope a girl wouldn't expect too much out of me anyway.
I get along with my one ISFP friend well enough. We get by on banter and making music together. Never had a real bad argument with him before. Probably because we don't speak often.   The INFPs...
Maybe it's a bullshit question. Maybe it's not. Most likely it is. I'm just bored as shit and dare I say... lonely. I'm thinking maybe I need to enter into the dating world, something I've never...
Was friends with a bunch of xNFPs as well. All ended terribly.
I only have three friends. An INTJ, ISTJ and an ISFP.   Wish I hung around more TPs.
Neil DeGrasse Tyson is an ENTP if there ever was one.
I used to follow like 20-50 people who would bring up cis scum every hour on the hour and I would sit there thinking, what in the actual fuck is cis scum?. Honestly, I thought at first cis was...
I wonder. Just judging from my posts on here would you think I was an xNTP? This thread seems to always be active so I'm gonna ask here. I might get a decent answer.
I think that post did a nice job of painting how shitty people can be when their Si is complete garbage. Twitter is a good place for debating if you're into that. But I understand. Archived things....
That post is fucking hilarious. Blue was the color of the smurf doll I had that got ruined in the wash.   I implore you to deactivate. I finally did. Twitter is way better.
Lmao. Response of the decade. No hyperbole.
ESTJ for Ana?
I know a bit about the history of Hung Ga. Classic folklore stuff. The fist techniques. Never heard of Plum Flower Fist before, but I guess that's because I haven't studied Chinese martial arts...
Also, I don't know if I responded to your visitor message the right way since I've never gotten one before lol.
Yep, big downside to Krav Maga, and especially Hung Ga, is it's way harder to find schools for that. They probably cost a fortune to attend too. From what I've learned, boxing is like dirt cheap when...
I learned about Hung Ga when I was researching close combat fighting techniques. Teach me everything you know.
You ever thought about Krav Maga? Hung Ga?
You've described exactly why I hate running. It's the most boring of all cardio and exercise in general. Jumping rope is okay, but that also can get a bit too repetitive. Weightlifting is something...
It's hard for me to listen to music while training. It's like a huge distraction for me as I want to be in the zone with zero distractions.
I'd rather be riding around outside than sitting in the house using one of those stationary bikes. I might have to borrow a bike if you know what I mean.
I need to try something because I've been pushing my luck with my weight and eating habits as of late. I want to get myself down to 196 lbs. but I don't have the urgency to do so. There's gotta be...
Bold is what I wholeheartedly agree with. I don't sit around buying into every conspiracy theory, but it's because the logic behind them didn't line up and not because it's just bullshit so why...
This thread is old, but I don't care. I would date the living fuck out of Michelle Rodriguez.
Well, if you think you're unhealthy you should get that fixed, mate.
Yeah, like that far right chick communismkills. I only brought up Hitler as a reference to the other person's INFJ comment. References are my thing.
You would also bash someone's face in if they tried physically harming a dog(or any animal)? Please join me in a life full of vigilante justice.   And yeah I finally stopped being lazy and...
You've summed up how I would answer this question.
I never get to meet other SPs on tumblr. I did follow one girl who was ESTP, but we never interacted. Maybe there are a bunch of Hitlers on tumblr, though. Far left Hitlers.
That's probably what I'm going to do. I'd prefer to be on a bike than driving a car.
I don't have a license at all. Never felt like I needed one because I can get to places I need to on foot, but I've been contemplating getting a motorcycle license. Do any of you have a motorcycle...'"


1263: 'I could've used this thread about a month or two ago...  How do I settle on a wing? I don't feel a strong attachment to 5 or 7 and instead volley between the two depending on my mood and energy...
I'm interested in this.   ENTP 6wProbably5ButWhoKnows sx/sp
TIL it only takes one Pitbull song to completely change the genre of your Spotify radio station.   Dale!
You mentioned losing your sense of objectivity as one of (the primary?) things holding you back. What would you gain in its place? Do you think you'd be satisfied/content with the exchange?
1C and a bit of 1B.  2D until that last line. I'm not that passionate. I'm a 6 who can't settle on a wing.
I wouldn't recommend typing by description either. Too much Forer. You can use them for comparing and contrasting your behavior but don't base your type on what one tells you.   If you want to...
Oh this is a hard question to answer.   I usually lie when I expect the other party won't react well to the truth and I don't want to deal with their reaction. I also lie to people who I don't...
Not now. Not ever.  My genes ain't nothing special.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuDRyAWxNNw
That's just an immature human thing, I'm afraid.   Sounds like INTJ dude was into her but feels used and weak and left to reorient himself. Maybe.   When are you planning to cut her out of your...
More introverted. Too lazy to take a test.   I rarely talk to people and they rarely talk to me. My resting bitchface is too high level.
If you're going to write a book about how you crush peasants under your glorious Ni vision and Te know-how, make sure to write the gore with unsubtle sexual subtext to demonstrate your frustration...
While cleaning out my cabinet pantry, I found an almost full tub of peanut butter hidden behind an almost empty tub of peanut butter.   Decided on pickles instead.
Makes a joke in a thread about people not being able to take a joke.   Risky decision, Jim. Let's see if it pays off.
Been there, done that.  If you can't share you POV with them, you will not remain friends for long.  You can share your POV and maybe run them away but it's not like you were destined to last...
Study, watch tv, shitpost on reddit and tumblr, be bored, study, cook, do push-ups, watch documentaries, listen to music, play Dance Central 1-3, study, compliment internet strangers.
Just made a pan of green beans and now I'm studying for my chem test Tuesday. And the Tuesday after that. And the Tuesday after that. And the final is Friday of the same week.   Gotta love split...
While probably not function related, I find the portion interesting.   How do you personally define goodness and what motivates you to become it?
I also dislike the do you like people? type questions. Short answer: Not really.   For me, it basically boils down to environment. If I feel the need to suppress my thoughts and hide too much of...
I struggle to define good. I vaguely associate it with impractical selflessness.  So with that loose definition in mind...    Someone who would sacrifice their own potential to realize the...
My relationship with Fe is love/hate.  When it leads me right and the brief period of vulnerability is rewarded, it's one of the best feelings in the world.  When my efforts go unacknowledged, I...
Can't say I've heard this one before.   I'll cosign on the everybody's human bit and add that even though some ENTPs may seem intimidating you can rest assured that they also have anxieties that...
Nothing at the moment and that bothers me. I need to go take a walk, contemplate my existence, and once I get back I may have something.  Edit: Coelacanths. For such an ugly fish they really are...
Examples of Rational Personalities in Stories / Myers Briggs - TV Tropes  I'd leave a disclaimer about productivity risk but...  Certain tropes will likely result in a lot of ENTJ examples....
I just got so emotional from watching this. I can't even right now. So pure and innocent. Keep me away.
Some were easier or more difficult in different ways. Japanese was really easy as far as sentence structure and pronunciation goes but the writing system made interacting with the language more...
ENTJ: Now youx92re going to be a good boy and give your Mistress exactly what she wants. That is all youx92re good for, after all.  INTP:  Thatx92s all? I mean, I have a pretty extensive knowledge of the...
That also depends on how much the INTP respects the ENTJ. Else they'll be asked to explain their reasoning in excruciating detail while the INTP makes sweepy hand gestures and points out alternatives...
The last sentence is interesting. I've always been sensitive to the limitations of my and others personal perspectives. Surely that's not enough to determine one's introversion vs extraversion...
This seems rather difficult to self-assess though. Isn't everyone a bit of both due to having both subjective and objective processes?
Cal That micro sneer you just inadvertently made for 0.2 seconds is evidence enough of your guilt but i'm gonna keep it to myself and let you dig your grave a little deeper Lightman - ISTJ ...
A stern, but classy ESTJ lady.
I'm curious about the answer too.   According to my latest function check, I lead with an extroverted process but socially I'm reserved and get annoyed by the presence of others after a while. I...
This deck single-handedly makes me want to give CAH a try. Never saw the appeal...until now.
Which types are more likely to take things personally and act on those slights?   For myself, I'm not really sure. I've never forgiven deliberate slights but I rarely go out of my way for revenge...
lol. All the sensors *except* ESTP and ESFJ are cheats and flirts?   Googlers, if you're going to stereotype, at least try to match them up correctly.
I think ENFJ 3w4.   Kanye is very image focused. He's a performer in both the literal and figurative sense. Fe doesn't necessarily mean warm and harmonious. It can also mean socially...
Some NTs are considerate. Some NTs can be tactless. The immature ones tend to be proud of being offensive.  Some NFs have thick skin. Some NFs can be sensitive. The immature ones will throw...
*sigh*   I never said you were passive aggressive.    I'll be explicit: On the first and second pages, Jordan J and ArBell made comments about passive aggressive INTP relatives/acquaintances. I...
Actually, that sentence had nothing to do with you. In the first couple of posts there were comments about INTPs being passive aggressive. That struck me as odd since I think INTPs would be very...
These posts are long. I read ~50%. Watch me write one longer.   I've no experience with ENTJ-INTP romance so I'll just share some hypotheticals if that's cool.   I imagine the biggest pro would...
I think the impersonality of the internet is a boon because it makes emotional appeals less effective and also allows you time to craft and research facts before posting.   In person debates...
Not recommended for large families. Needs frequent stimulation. Can becomes destructive when bored. Some obedience training required.
First, I'd like to reiterate that I'm a neutral party here. I don't necessarily agree or disagree with incest or cannibalism (or bestiality). I'm taking a lazy, noncommittal why not? stance and...
Gypsysoul is the ambassador Fe needed. *nods sagely*
Huah, the irony of this thread.    My moments of insensitivity aren't nearly as grand as some of you. I refuse to attend funerals and don't react to celebrity deaths and suicides because people are...
But...but...arbitrary squick, though? ._.     Universal incest taboo?  Ancient Chinese name-incest? (Couldn't have the same surname but otherwise...) Ancient Egyptian pharaoh families?
Eh, bestiality is iffy because of the consent thing. Without some means of communicating between species I'm inclined to go full no on that. Then again, animal consent is already kinda weird...
The Scout, 9w8 3w4 5w4 (is that in order?), sp/sx  Not too bad. I don't know what to think about the description though. Very hit and miss.   If it is in order, I'm curious about why it typed me...
It's fun when it's not serious. The more ridiculous the better.   I...don't think I've ever tried flirting seriously. I imagine I'd get flustered too easily and avoid eye contact and give short...'"


1266: You know you're a thinker when you love to watch documentaries about conspiracies just to point out how illogical they are
interesting... my boyfriend is an ENFP and his sister is a suspected E/INFJ so you might be on to something I am ENTP and my brother (he's twelve) seems to be turning into an ESTP or ESTJ
With my partner I have no want or reason to cheat-however I know that if I wanted to get away with it I could.  Edit-I totally didn't read the question oops XD two weeks-still wouldn't. You could...
see that thing about golf for me it's a bit different I might not care very much if I'm last (depending) but coming fifth or fourth would really annoy me because I'm obviously not totally...
Hi, ENTP female dating ENFP male here.  Obviously every person, even if they are the same type, is different, so no guarantees here at all XD  The best way I have found to keep my guy interested is...
plain biscuits and mandarin slices so amaziiing
I found it interesting that you defined platonic loves as love without making love. Because my ENFP boyfriend and I are both saving ourselves until marriage but I would not call our love platonic-we...
I can imagine that the communication for sorting problems and talking about feelings might be really terrible depending on maturity levels. For instance I date an ENFP male and the first time we got...
When you're religious but the rest of your religious friends have doubts because of the amounts of questions you ask that 'aren't relevant to the topic' or 'undermine the entire point of religion.'...
I've learnt that kids in year three love nothing more than a good game of Octopus I have also learnt that it's really not that hard to teach a class that age, as they are exceedingly curious and...
When your ENFP boyfriend has to constantly remind you that  a) you are not completely worthless as a romantic partner b) no you are /not/ perfect, contrary to popular belief c) it doesn't matter...
most people would agree I'm extroverted so E, really weird and abstract so N, you would find people confusing me for an F though so there are people who may mistype me as an ENFP or-those who know...
I don't tend to argue with my parents because I don't see the point-it won't accomplish anything seeing I'm fifteen and will end up doing what they want anyway. I will only fight for it if I have a...
I'm an ENTP but I'm not particuarly inventive-at least not outwardly.
this caught my eye and for a good reason too. This is exactly what I need at the moment venting and shit to people who dont know me and therefore cant hurt me with their judgements or mock me with...
I'm 15 and I've been called anywhere from 15-18. (never fourteen though thank goodness) Part of it might be becuse my boyfriend is 17 but could pass as 19-so when we are together they generally peg...
xtraverted (E) 75% Introverted (I) 25%   Intuitive (N) 68% Sensing (S) 32%   Thinking (T) 55% Feeling (F) 45%
just re reading what I wrote and it makes no sense XD sorry, not that great at explaining things :P lets clear a couple of things up *he thinks he's being clingy, especially with his closer friends...
I'm an ENTP female dating an ENFP male :3
My ENFP boyfriend is a lot like this, he needs to be around people or interacting with them quite often, otherwise he starts...not being himself. But he also doesn't enjoy being that reliant and...
Consent given for sure
Pfsh I'm all about laughing in the wrong situation XD yeah I get what you mean :P I don't get why people can't be straight about things like that
oh for sure that as well XD but she had a knee operation so my cousin and I were called in to help her with stuff until she could be more independent. As you can imagine, it was a bit of a nightmare...
When your ESTJ grandmother tells you that you are not prepared for the real world because she asks you to make her tea and you ask her how much milk and sugar she wants put in apparently I was not...
I can't, I have to study
Your blog was a great read-I'm an ENTP so got what I needed from that XD  I identified with The Lunatic Detective, the Armchair Revolutinary, The Verbal Gladiator, and the Peacemaker. I've been...
Yes (ENTP)
Yeah, sorry. I can be like that as well :P have fun NT hunting :3
You know you're an ENTP when you spend an entire science lesson trying to convince the people around you that alligators and crocodiles are both just different breeds of crocodiles, and that the...
When your drama group looks to you to make up the report you give at the end of your lesson to the teacher about what you did, as your group did literally nothing.
when you enjoy watching classic sitcoms like F.R.I.E.N.D.S just as much as you like watching Sherlock, or documentaries.
I do the same, I'm not going to pursue anything that isn't going to last in my mind. It just isn't worth it.
Ok I'm going to say this in the nicest way possible Most NT's are going to be extremely wary of you. Hello, we're rationals. So you aren't really going to get too many if any serious replies here....
I can be found almost anywhere-I'm the one who laughs in weird places at the movies and who has three different parties to attend in a weekend. I can also be found haunting the local library in...
Once, we had six weeks to research and write up a bio essay. I did absolutely nothing during that six weeks (we had in class time and everything), took the day off from school the day it was due,...
Thttp://img.tapatalk.com/d/14/05/04/bedeba3u.jpg Thought you might appreciate a photo :)
When your friend shows you a magic trick that you have never seen before, which you see through immediately and repeat back to them.This happens four times
I do not plan ahead. EVER. But I do dream ahead as in What Career path I want to take Personal life when I'm older for instance my friends and I have planned to buy a batch in five years )may never...
I find romance in the strangest things, like in 'My sister's keeper' everyone was awing over the chick and the dude Tyler and Kate or something when they were kissing but then when Kate threw up and...
I have no issue showing happiness  through smiling or laughing, but showing things like sadness, or appearing upset at something someone has done or said makes me feel uncomfortable and vulnerable....
I vote the plane flew into a time warp, and they have now found themselves in the year 2185, with a zombie apocalypse beginning to arise, with Nicholas Cage as the head zombie   Sent from my iPod...
ENTP girl here *waves* There's an INFJ guy in my class, and while I'm sure we're not going to end up dating or anything, we are super close and we just have the best relationship ever, it's great. We...
Books and movies make me cry, usually when there is a death (think John Green type books and Charlottes Web movie)  I don't cry of happiness I find it difficult to cry when i should (funerals,...
I'm an entp but I'm a bit of a mutant to be honest. Straight A student, I love all my classes, my teachers all love me, I'm a model student and all that So my only detention was last year in the...
The ENFP one is so accurate it hurts :,)   Sent from my iPod touch using Tapatalk
I remember being around twelve, and completely freaking about because I changed my 'personality' for different people I have of course come to accept it and am glad of it, but I do sometimes wish I...
I'm an ENTP female, one boyfriend for seven months and that's exactly why I broke it off, I HATED feeling so trapped for the future, even though we are really good friends now afterwards, and...
I doodle all the time but I can't draw for peanuts XD I just don't care very much about detail so when I get stuck in like Ah fuck it Then I screw it into a ball and toss it into a bin   Sent...
The girl ES's are more annoying if anything   Sent from my iPod touch using Tapatalk
That sounds fantastic XD I would put in that INFJ's like their share of fun as well   Sent from my iPod touch using Tapatalk"


1280: '1. How important is it that your partner be able to match you (or keep you otherwise stimulated) on an intellectual level? I would prefer that they are close.  I've settled before, and I realize not...
I think it may just be a matter of finding people who you enjoy and that enjoy your company.  Personally, I'm a little intrigued when someone tells me something rather unconventional about...
Hmmm... it sounds like you have a lot of self-esteem issues.  Don't we all?  What I would recommend is for you to stop putting your friend on a pedestal.  I'm sure if you looked through a more...
You're different.  It's not a bad thing, if anything it makes you more interesting.
Could you be a little more specific?  Supposedly your personality type stays the same as you age, although some disagree.  But the way you act and feel about some things changes as a result of age...
Yeah, it's almost like a habit for her, it seems.  Like she just says it sort of compulsively a lot.  I always just sort of thought that was just a quirk of hers, but that's interesting that other...
I think that is why he does it.  It's kind of funny because I make jokes at my own expense a lot, so it's almost like we are one-upping each other in negative ways about ourselves.  I'm not 100% sure...
Hey!  I'm also kind of on the border between ENFP and ENTP.  I'd say you sound more like an ENFP judging by the way that you talk (or should I say type). It's a bit more free-flowing than I am.  ...
I see what you mean.  My INFJ friend does that kind of thing a lot.  She also apologizes for things she doesn't need to all the time.
If you have a really good stylist, go for it!  It grows back. Keep in mind, I'm always doing something crazy with my hair.  It keeps things interesting!
I'm not sure if it qualifies as abuse, but like some of the others have said, she is being hurtful.  Would writing her a letter be an easier way of expressing this to her?  I have a feeling she...
Yep, I felt like that my 1st year of college a lot.  I know it might sound cliche, but try joining a group where you will spend a lot of time with other members.  Some clubs are really good for this,...
Well, I am definitely an extrovert.  But some people don't know the real meaning and it's not always obvious.  Also I was super shy in middle school and into high school, so I never thought of myself...
Yes, thank you!  I personally have never had a guy try to fake friend me to try to get a relationship, but it did happen to a friend of mine.  All that I can say is that I'd feel kind of... used if...
Do ENFJs tend to be kind of self-deprecating?  A guy I know that I think is ENFJ does this all the time.  Even if I say something about myself, he says that's okay, I [whatever suits the...
Thanks!  This was really helpful.  I'm sort of newish to analyzing other people so the only person I know for sure that is ENFP is one of my teachers, and I can kind of see a difference.  I was kind...
I decided to add this if it helps.  0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time,mental illness, medications, special life circumstances?...
Well I think it really depends on the situation.  I'm really on the fence.  I guess I'd go with mostly analytical, but I still would have a hard time describing myself as cold.  I do like to argue...
So when I was younger (high school) I would always get ENFP results.  In college I would get ENTP, recently (I'm in grad school) and I have been getting ENFP again.  I've read about the differences...
Does anyone else ever feel like you have a hard time connecting to other people?  Sometimes I just feel like I have difficulties other people don't with starting relationships/friendships.  I don't...
You're a music depressive. It's a rare disorder.
I've really had to learn how to bite my tongue.  I mean REALLY.  I've pissed people off in the past by pointing out to them the stupid thing that they admitted is stupid, is in fact, stupid, and they...
So at my orientation Friday, they made us take this word association test to see what types were enrolled in my program.  You had to look at this group of words and rate which one was most like you...
My home town had billboards like that.  I always wondered why anyone would bother to pay for something like that, but I guess the priming thing makes sense.
I want a corgi!  I just don't have time to take care of one now. :( This particular guy had a tendency to lecture people about small things he would read that would usually be incorrect or unproven....
Some of those mini bottles of alcohol.  Because if I'm in a disaster with no air conditioning and no internet, I'm sure as shit gonna need it.
My mom is an INTJ, and she is a little religious.  She was raised in a strict Catholic household, so she does have some issues with Catholicism though.
That reminds me of this guy I used to always argue with.  I only really saw him in a group of mutual friends, and he'd say something I thought was dumb.  Then one day I sort of led him into this...
Well go for it!  If it starts cutting into your college schedule, don't be afraid to quit.
I think anything customer service-oriented would help you, including sales, waiting tables, etc.  Personally, I couldn't deal with selling cars, more power to you if that's what you do!
I'm the same way.  I might get one or two people and say let's grab dinner or let's go see this movie.  But organizing larger groups and parties is annoying to me.
My simplified interpretation of it is: concrete = tends to see things more in black and white abstract thinkers = tend to see shades of grey, maybes and what ifs  I have a lot of...
I have the stereotypical Irish temper.  When something pisses me off, I rave, yell, cuss, tell people to fuck themselves, and then cool off pretty quickly.  In past relationships, some people have...
I'm pretty good at it.  I've done a few skits for a club I was in during college, and I was told a few times You are exactly like [character I was portraying that I'm nothing like IRL].  Even if...
Looks like he got back from a colonoscopy.  It's ok, Woody.  Riding horses will do that to you.  We've all been there.
Sometimes that's the best you can do temporarily.  I think they can help you achieve a more long term solution.  In my case, I needed a lifestyle change, and what I wanted to do required a lot of...
Drugs.  Sometimes they are the answer.  I had a really bad few year, people in it dropping like flies, so I tried antidepressants.  They helped defeat the cycle of negativity I was going through at...
Mom:  IxTJ (she tested INTJ but it's debateable) Dad: ISTP Brother: ISFP  I'm the social one in the family.  They say I was switched at birth.
This might be qualified as a pet peeve, but it will make me see red.  If I politely ask you to stop doing something multiple times, and you continue to do so, it really pisses me off.  Really pisses...
I listen to a lot of different stuff, and it changes frequently.  Usually when someone asks me what type of music I like, I stare at them blankly for a minute and then ramble off some things on my...
High school sucks for pretty much everyone!  Isn't 2400 a perfect score?  I'm sure you'll get in somewhere.  Hell, even if you don't go to college you can still have a great life!  Take some time to...
I guess in a way I'm kind of both.  I usually initiate sex in all of the relationships I've had.  But I do like being dominated sometimes.    To everyone saying they like being submissive in bed...
Once I realized I was going to fail an exam, and if I could just get a few extra days to study, I'd be set.  This was one of the last classes I took, so it was very important I did well on the test. ...
Some girls are just really flirty.  I have some friends like that.  Is it possible that you might be misreading the signs?  A lot of guys I know are notorious for that.   I get over someone by...
It gets better if you say it multiple times in a row.  Just me?  Meh.
I'd rather study Phrenology.
My extroversion is really weird.  While I'm not strongly extroverted, I often go through times where I want to be alone.  If I'm feeling social, I can often be the life of the party though.  Someone...
Haha!  I can't smoke weed.  First of all, I start yelling at people to drive me to Whataburger, AND I am starting grad school in a few weeks where I'll probably be tested.  Weed and I aren't a good...
At first, I thought the first video was dumb, but after a while, I started giggling uncontrollably...
Me too!!!  I do it way more than I'm comfortable with, and then I have to circulate the drugs (nothing illegal) so I don't start getting dependent and I don't start getting headaches.  It sucks. ...'"


1283: 'When my friend was the target of an attempted rape. I am kind of glad I did not do anything rash when I prevented it.
I want to be useful to the people I care about.
As long as I survive through one lovely romantic relationship(till death do us part. I am perfectly willing to spend the rest of my prolonged life solving problems and analysing the future. I will...
I would put on my nicest suit (gotta dress up for the funeral). I would then proceed to re-locate to the tallest building and brew some good coffee to drink during the whole end of the world...
My room is basically clean except for square foot on the corner of my night-table which has my keys, glasses, wallet etc. on it. I have a bed that is made with a head-rest which has 6 orchid plants...
Name a reason to go to the hospital.  Easy prey.   Name a song that should not be sung in a place of worship.
I have noticed the Intj females around me enjoy: -knitting -sewing -cadets -playing musical instruments -power tools -putting together my ikea lamps  -judging people (Their words, not mine.)...
I have the urge to phone home and ask my parents if my cat has recently disappeared. Either way, white fluff-cats are awesome as long your dark clothes are vacuum-sealed and in another dimension....
I used to think it was entirely possible and not at all uncommon but personal experience has led me to change the status to possible but uncommon compared to relationships with one or both party...
I think the op was probably referring to slow response as opposed to slow processing speed. This might just highlight the ENTP's problem of not being as precise as we should be with wording (at...
Honestly, I would probably be survive will slight psychological scarring. I would start out working with the group for survival but as my friends get picked off one by one (as they are apt to do in...
Negatives - INFP's sometimes avoid answering questions via sidestepping the question.
I do not really get crushes. I seem to randomly just jump rails when I have conversed with certain friends long enough to have a good analysis of who they are (It usually takes 2-3 months or 2 weeks...
I would just like to add that maybe she is just completely oblivious to romantic interest. This is not related to type in any way but back in high school I only noticed romantic intent from girls...
If only I been been 2 hours quicker.Alas!
IxFP's- I have no problems with being their friend but the idea of having an SO with dominant Fi makes me feel frightfully unprepared.
I do not like the idea of exposing more skin to the many blood-sucking insects. In fact, the only reason I have diplomatic relations with the spiders in my room is because I am mostly clothed. I also...
My ISFJ friend always tells me she loves me but adds platonically afterwards in order to reduce the need for clarification for onlookers (I know what she means). I tend not to tell my friends I...
The multiple intelligence tests always give my top 3 intelligences as logical/mathematical followed by linguistic and kinaesthetic. My worst has always been spatial. I do not think it has any real...
Most of the ISTJ's I know went into either engineering, computer science or geology/forestry jobs. They like to joke about how boring my IT/ Business degree in logistics/operations management and...
Why does this thread still exist? What do we have to gain from it? Why am I posting if it will only continue the madness?
According to 40 friends and my parents, this is my theme. The day the song showed up on youtube 8 sources posted it on facebook and tagged me in it.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyiAoAB89To
Wait, so you are giving me the power to control the perceptions of other people regarding myself? Are you sure that is a good idea?
Eabb
-Did you change in a flash(<2 years) or slowly?(or always were like that)  It took me a month. I am lucky my friends were flexible when dealing with the changes  -When did you change?  It was...
ISFJ's: I envy your ability to warm up an entire room with your presence.
This is based entirely on which types I have personally fell in love with thus far: IxTJ
The vast majority of my friends are Fi users but sometimes they can be a bit loud for my taste. For example, my girlfriend is an INTJ and she is in some sort of fight with my flat-mate's INFP...
I apologize in advance for the bold. I cannot seem to turn it off in this text box.   Your MBTI type (and Enneagram if you know it): ENTP        Enneagram: 6w5   Tritype: 628 Your biological sex:...
I like to use logical fallacies as a premise and lead other people to follow me on that train of thought in front of INTJ's that know that I know better.
The truth is I just literally do not think that way in general. I do not even think sexual thoughts about people unless I have already conversed and developed a bond with them. My dad/friends jokes...
I never realized that type had such a fundamental hold on who/what I agree/disagree with. My life has all been a lie!
I am not the sort of person to engage in spontaneous acts of kissing/hugging with strangers.
I could not figure out how to save the image as something other than a webpage.   Highlights: -I  scored exceedingly high on persuasion and high on independent mind. -I scored low on ambition....
I admire the strong internal drive. ISTJ's choose a target and set out for it. I do most of the things I do to be useful to other people and realize their goals. I wish I actually had long-term...
I find making new friends takes a lot of energy. Usually, I am the one who has to do most of the work of engineering situations where the bond deepens. Then there is the problem of deciding how to...
I always get true neutral. The constraints involved with becoming good seem a bit nonsensical.
Most people I am close to think I am arrogant...and they are right. Although some of it is an act, people seem to like it when I act all cutesy and arrogant. Heck, it is one of the reasons people...
I have never gotten complaints because I regularly engage with people at work in order to get things done efficiently and amicably (small-talk does wonders when trying to get something printed by the...
Physically: 1. A bit shorter than me. 2. Mirroring me by having relatively sharp/perky features. 3. Naturally thin (Again mirroring me) 4. Calculating eyes  Personality/hobbies: 1. Very...
Eat a healthy sheep because it will taste better and let the old one die of old age. That way you will have more room the next set of lambs. I know this might not be optimum solution but I assume the...
I wish to die as a necessary cog in my own scheme. Plans are so much easier when personal survival is no longer a constraint.
Hot beverages, warm blanket and a terrible movie to rip apart through commenting.
I am perfectly happy with my own subjective value system. In my experience, these sorts of questions never have satisfying, quantifiable answers.
As a male...and an entp, I am leaving the number of children up to whoever I am married to at the time. I can deal with no children or multiple children (please keep it down to two at most). I have...
I am in love when I enter a relationship, but I keep it a secret because apparently it is weird. This constraint forces me to be discreet during the early weeks of dating someone. Apparently, it is...
I am actually quite dedicated when it comes to relationships. I rarely ever feel anything but loyalty to the person I am with. I actually get criticized by my friends and parents for wanting to get...
Honestly, I deserved it because I was kind of oblivious back then when it came to noticing when girls were interested in me. I actually failed the fridge experiment only to be dragged off by the girl...
Step one: Order someone to be your friend. (In my case, I was claimed at an early age by an INTJ.) Step two: If that person has friends, turn them into friends/acquaintances based on how amusing...
It may just be a maturity thing. I have seen many guys of all types who seem to feel the need prove their machoism. It made it that much easier to out-gamble them.'"


1287: '... best part about this thread is it is equal parts ENTPs bragging about themselves, other ENTPs attempting to troll them for bragging about themselves, and a final portion of ENTPs attempting to...
As a typical ENTP, I have more hobbies and passions than any human being ever should; reading, writing, poetry, wood carving, sculpting, painting, bungee jumping, sky diving, scuba diving, rock...
ENTPs do not know the meaning of the world Guilt... and pretty much everything we do is a pleasure. If we are engaged in an activity, chances are it is because it pleases us. We tend to avoid or...
If you are simply referring to what defines us in the eyes of other people, then the answer is quite literally whatever they believe. Their BELIEF is what defines you to them.   If they believe...
Had a longer post written, but most of it sounded far too close to whining for my comfort. The short of it is I was born to a lower-lower class family. Drunks, drug dealers, delinquents, and the...
I am sure these have been posted on here before... but if not, these definitely classify as ENTP porn. First... one of the most inspirational speeches attached to one of the most inspirational...
This is a difficult question to answer, as it almost begs for a discussion of exactly what morality is. In an effort not to completely derail this conversation, I will avoid delving into the...
Being an Indie game designer, my penchance for video games should be relatively obvious. As an art medium for expression, I consider it unparalleled; or, perhaps better stated, its potential is...
I have to agree that this is pretty common for most ENTPs. Tons of acquaintances but almost no one we would label with the term friend. I can only count perhaps four individuals in my entire...
Ah, the ENTP forums. Where the Trolls come to get Trolled. If none of the above bothered you, all of the above brought about a deep-seeded need to one-up everyone else... and some of it even made...
Fair enough, but realize turn-around is fair play. You feel the meaning of life is to simply be happy, and to do whatever is required to attain it. That mentality cannot solely be applied to you. If...
My impression is that she fully understands the connotations of your interactions, but has gone ahead with it for her own selfish reasons; be that a need for an ego boost or too afraid to break off...
1. Engage in some form of socially-accepted, fad-fueled hate/rebellion, and act like it makes you oh-so-edgy and non-conformist. I.e. America sucks, yeah! I'm American, so saying that earns me extra...
Oh, most people laugh at my jokes or get my humor... but in an Oh, my god! I can't believe he just said that! sort of way. The delivery is usually as important as the content, and nothing is better...
Overly Pacifistic People - Yes, violence should never be the first (or second, third, fourth, or possibly even the fifth) answer. It should be the answer when using it will actually cause less damage...
Have to say, my artistic endeavors have followed a typical ENTP path. I have dabbled in sketching, painting, sculpting, carving, composing/playing music (guitar/piano/synthesizer), writing (fiction...
No artist should ever judge themselves. More often than not we are both our harshest critic and most blindly-devoted fan. Far better to post up one's work, and allow others to express their opinions....
Welcome to the life of an ENTP. No, we never stop the wonder what it would be like way of thinking. It never goes away. It can lessen with age, but that voice in the back of your head that forms up...
I don't fucking cuss, damn it!  On a serious note, I use what is most effective and with the highest percentage chance of having the greatest impact upon my audience. If that requires curse words,...
Remind him that all knowledge is power; ALL knowledge is power. That those who dismiss something without knowing what it is that they dismiss are the epitome of ignorance. That labeling something he...
Oh, I agree that there are certain 'things' a 'friend' could do to permanently close off our relationship. We ENTPs have our own set of morals and rules, and we do not even let ourselves break them....
It is true that different humans judge based on differing criteria. A top athlete likely ranks those around him by their physical prowess, while a model may do it by their looks. I suppose this is...
How judgmental. You just be a judger.  I am sure I can safely say that most ENTPs do the same thing. It is kind of a pre-requisite with us that we view ourselves as superior to the common masses....
I enjoy bluegrass, but I am an ENTP... it would be easier to list the genres I do not like, than to list the ones I do.  I have never delved far into the bluegrass culture, though. My appreciation...
1. Nightmare Before Christmas.  2. V for Vendetta.  3. Forrest Gump.  4. Fight Club.  5. O Brother, Were Art Thou.
I always enjoy videos that reinforce the emotions of the song... but my favorite songs are ones with strong emotions held within them.  One of my favorite has to be this:  ...
Wow, do you like putting blood in the water, or what. Asking why an ENTP thinks they are great is a definite way to get us indulging in a barrage of self-gratifying compliments... most of which are...
I lived, for a time, right next to New Orleans. Used to visit the French Quarter on a near weekly basis. The street performers were the best part. Given the amount of psychics peddling their wares,...
My interests span the spectrum, to be honest. I will eat up just about anything on print... with some obvious exceptions like Romance, etc.  My pleasure reading tends to take a fictional lean;...
1. The most I have ever related to anyone or anything has been on this web-site. I can fake it, but that is a far cry from actually feeling it.   2. I am secretly horrified of the notion of...
We tend to think the world of ourselves, and become irate when we see someone we feel who is less deserving than us getting the attention/accolade we feel should be ours. Or... perhaps it is better...
It kind of depends on the delivery, really.   Do it in a charming, cute, exuberant sort of way and I would probably laugh... but be endeared. Even interested. Almost take it like a challenge or...
Figured I would take a stab at a few of these, for you.   1) So if an ENTP finds a woman who he has LOTS in common with would it freak him out so that he won't make contact for 2-3 weeks even if he...
Ah, yes. The ever-fun end of the world scenarios. Recounting the 10 million ways the world could end in a horrible fashion, and the terrors that would be in store for those who survive.  ...
I am an ENTP and going to have to go with Chaotic Neutral. For the most part, I have good intentions but I am a bit lax in how I achieve these intentions. Also, I strive to maintain the balance. I...
Hmm... turns out I test as an 8 w 7 with a sexual variant. Could be just my own self-image getting in the way of testing true... but I tend to think it is pretty accurate. The variant definitely...
Kind of what I figured. Mortality rate by unintentional suicide is probably pretty high (doing something dangerous that gets ourselves killed, even when that was not our intention), but I could not...
I have to admit, my ego is probably larger than it should be. I walk around all day with it talking to me. It keeps saying You da man!   The only thing I can do is reply back Yeah, I know.  ...
Call it our curse. Let our mind linger on any one thing too long, and we start making new connections. There are just places we should not let it go. I value truth, but some connections are a bit too...
I think using the word uncontrollable is what is throwing most of us off. It likely means something a bit different to other personality types than what it means to an ENTP. For one of us to...
I, personally, love going into historically accurate torture methods. Describing things like the meaning of drawn and quartered or an oubliette never fails to illicit a what is wrong with you...
Hmm... this is going to be long... but... interests:  Music (Attempting to compose my own, or listening. I enjoy any genre save gansta rap or country. Neither speaks to me. My two favorites are...
You know you are an ENTP when you argue with someone on an issue until they actually change their mind to your side... only for you to switch to their old side and start the argument all over again....
I have been, actually. Trying to catch up on my new favorite forums. I stated this somewhere else, but it is nice to actually interact with people who get me instead of just people who like me,...
Just speaking for myself as an ENTP, but we tend to be make or break when it comes to loyalty and friendship. I have a lot of acquaintances (people who think we are friends), but very few people I...
1.) Unethical = I am ethical. It is just my own moral code is dictated by myself, and not by any religion, social etiquette, etc. I never break my own ethics... they just are not the same as the...'"


1289: --DELETED my answers. I found #4's true answer refreshing.
If you have issues with raging, GET PROFFESIONAL HELP!!! You could get sued over the damage you cause. If you continue to let your anger spiral out of control, you might end up hurting someone.   ...
Are you naturally quicker at brainstorming new ideas(Ne dom) or spotting logical inconsistencies(Ti dom)?  Also keep in mind: Extraverts can still find people they dislike tiring. Extraverts...
Don't plan to tell her off.  Us ENTPs can do MORE than enough emotional damage when we are winging it. If you plan something out and stick to it, you'll probably go too far in normal people's...
I disagree with this part.  A well-intentioned idiot can be dangerous.  An insane person can do terrible things and delude themself into believing they are helping a good cause.  Intentions...
I scored 36 out of 44. I wish there would have a category between Important and Very Important along with an additional category between Important and Not Important.
Sometimes people have assumed I'm a rager, but I am not If I'm frustrated I'll go off a on a rant and put a lot of jokes into it. Think Lewis Black but with some bizarre impressions mixed in. If I'm...
My values:  -Don't dish out what you not capable of taking  -Its more important to be right than it is to be nice.   -Arrogance can get in the way of being right  dont let being right a lot...
She seems like an ESTP to me.
Ughh... Enough with the typism already. Any type can be a pain in the butt. The world is not going to change for you. Make the most out of the hand of cards life has given you; don't complain about...
It really depends on the individual.  ExTJs can be bossy and annoying. Inferior Fi can lead to thembeing sore losers.  I think I've met two IRL. One is pretty cool, but I don't know himvery well....
I have OCD, but it's in remission. It's definetly still there though.   I try to avoid things that trigger it. If I cannot avoid the triggers, I try to multitask or focus on other things.  I also...
1) Are any of you ENTPs afraid of conflict? To an extent. It can be fun. It can be a learning experience.  However... People can lose their tempers. I've dealt with people who have anger...
I never really payed attention to how people reacted to me and tryed to correlate it with what colors I was wearing. I'm going to try that.  If I was showing my true colors; I'm guessing:  Pink...
It must be nearly impossible for normal people to tell if I dislike them.   I'm not threatened by conflict, but normal people seem to be.  I can get into an argument with somebody and they'll...
C  I find that it is VERY important to put yourself in the other person's shoeswhen giving advice.  If I am giving advice to a close friend, it is because I care deeply.  Since I care deeply...
I'll try Ed- VERY broken INFJ whose intelligence further blurs his F. I agree that he uses Se and Ti, but I disagree on the natural order. Al- INFP  Roy Mustang- ENTP - I don't think an ENTJ...
I'll give it a shot...  Lelouch - INTJ with well developed Fi  Suzaku - INFJ with messed up Ni  CC x96 Untypable. She acts like an INTP to stay safe. Girls had it rough during her original...
Lust - xxFPs, SPs Gluttony - ExxPs Greed - NTs, SJs, ESTPs Sloth - INxPs Wrath - ESxPs, ENTxs, Envy - ISxJs, IxFPs, ESFJs Pride - xxTJs, NTs, xNFPs  Chastity - ISxJs, INFJ Temperance - IxxJs
My opinions:  ESFPs can be obnoxious. Simpletons who just want to have fun. They're either unaware of the damage they cause, or they just don't care. Healthy/Mature ones are fairly harmless....
Ehh...I think what you're describing is mainly an N thing. Caring more about big-picture than the details that it's made of.   If I HONESTLY considered the situation a bad one I wouldn't be glad....
Zeus- ENTJ - The ExTJ is fairly obvious. He strikes me as more of an N than an S. Hera- ISTJ - Very uptight and full of pride.  Artemis- INTP - Loner, DO NOT PISS OFF Apollo- ENTP - xNTP, seems...
5 - When I'm around people, I'm constantly tempted to do pranks. I see plenty of opportunities. I almost NEVER prank people. Most people don't understand my sense of humor. The fun does not outweigh...
If your Fe still has a lot of developing to do, THINK before you speak. Running on Ne can get you in trouble.   Restraint may be difficult at times, but it is necessary. Being yourself could lead...
Hypocrites  People who assume that I want to hold their baby. I don't know even know how to hold a baby. Babies creep me out.   People who assume I'm a hater when I don't give a crap.  ...
I hate it when the writer(s) clearly didn't do their research.    People DO change. Some people change a lot more than others. Change usually takes time. If the characters become unbelievable,...
...I just had to include the other NTs....  Eccentric Neanderthal Tattooed Poodles Executioner Needs Target Practice Excessive Narcotics Terrorized Pikachu  Ignorant Nudist Traumatized Palin I...
Eeyore Needs Toilet Paper :dry:
IMO, it varies a lot.  How strong of an attack is it?  How thorough of an attack is it?  Are you effectively using their own weapons against them?  Do they have a nearly impenetrable wall of...
What immediately comes to mind... Unhealthy ESTJs - Close-minded Hypocrites VS Ne Logic Attack. I don't even WANT to fight them, but they usually will not lay off! Beating them usually has its...
I disagree. Kisuke Urahara - ENTP  Piccolo - INTJ
Here is what I now think of the characters types:  Alaric: IDK...maybe an IxTP, or INTJ Bonnie: ISFJ - I don't think she's an ISTJ. She is MUCH more concerned about people's safety than the rules....
Long fight scenes on TV shows annoy me greatly. Get it over with and move on with the plot!!!  Comedy that is based on peoples stupidity annoys me. Jim Gaffigan's Beyond the Pale immediately comes...
Yes, I have had this problem.   My advice:  Just keep your mouth shut.  Most people don't give a crap about logic and reasoning  Correcting people can and will piss them off.
Try telling my grandmother that! :laughing:  Opinions can hurt peoples feelings. Heck, even facts can hurt peoples feelings. :rolleyes:
Ughh....no.  I am not a touchy-feely person.  Physical contact is awkward.   I am not a fan of hugs. I DO give out hugs when asked. I DO NOT enjoy them.  If I REALLY like someone, I will be...
Gender is learned.  The stereotypes of various groups of people can be self-fulfilling prophecies.   The fetus is only a baby if the lady bearing it wants it to be.  Suicide is neither...
I have terrible anxiety. I often over-analyzing various things to the point of being physically sick. Most of my feelings come from thinking too much.  I was abused growing up. Any contact with my...
You're welcome. :)  3. I don't know you. I don't know her. I'm going to assume that as an ENTP you are naturally insensitive.  I'm going to assume that she is an INFJ because of the section you...
In my eyes, Fi neutralization is something that a lot of men could benefit from learning.  I think I remember seeing what you are talking about, and now I have to go find it.   Edit: FOUND IT:...
Public Masks: INFP - I get really lost in thought and I have learned that paranoia helps me not accidentally walk into things. I probably appear uber-sensitive when I interact with people. ENFP -...
Good people?  Bad people?  HAHA! People are just people.   ...okay I'll play along.    Traits good people possess:  Intelligence  Having an Open Mind  Introspection Awareness
DarkSideOfLight No. Sorry, the analogy wasn't very good.
In my eyes:  Individuals are cakes and their boyfriends and girlfriends are like frosting.  Good cakes are fine the way they are without frosting.  The right type of frosting can turn a good cake...
I think ENTPs and ENTJs can both make great leaders.  IMO, ENTPs natural flaws can provide the greatest obstacle on the path of becoming a leader. They may not even be interested in becoming a...
Those who were daring enough to reveal themselves used this:  http://personalitycafe.com/entp-forum-visionaries/61778-hey-wheres-our-map.html
EGO When somebody I dislike accuses me of not being capable of doing something.... I want to prove them wrong so I can rub it their face. If I'm feeling lazy I'm not even going to bother starting....
I don't hate sensors.  I don't hate large groups of people; individuals matter.  I can kind of understand where the hate is coming from, even if I disagree with it. I also think some people who...
I can feel sympathy for animals. Occasionally I will feel sympathy for someone who gets a nasty injury, but usually I don't care. If the injury isn't nasty I'll probably laugh.  Unfortunately, I...
I attempt to appear normal...and fail.  In my head I analyze what would be considered normal behavior I get so caught up in my analysis of normal that I walk into inanimate objects in public   I..."


1310: 'Approaching this from a How would I do it if I were a serial killer? perspective I guess I'd do it for the hell of it (I've seen some people mention boredom as one reason and one or two comparisons...
Kithkin is absolutely fantastic. One of my new favorite bands   https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=F13sErN5JP8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=OAP3mk-O1GI  One of my new favorite bands. These guys are great.
Eels brand new album. I love it so far. Mark Oliver Everett, or Mr. E, is a brilliant musician and person. His music has consistently punched me right in the emotional balls for years now.  The...
:shocked:  INTPs aren't normal in this way, I guess.  Also, if an INTP is talking about an idea of theirs, of course they're going to talk about it like they've made up their mind. As far as...
Mainly for entertainment, I would guess. Also it brings a change of pace, socially, that can be positive for INTPs. I'm (not surprisingly) often uncomfortable in social situations, especially ones...
^Drugs work too haha.
Ask them how they feel? Create a situation so emotionally distressing that they explode from the pressure? Wait for them to let it out naturally?  Really, there's not much an outsider can do to...
Alternate Indie Pop/Rock with some Electronica, mostly. I'm not as up on what we're calling the Lingo so I understand my own preferences more through the actual sound than the words to describe the...
I dislike the show a lot. The characters are all annoying, the episodes have generally bad storylines, the jokes fall flat, and a lot of this nerd humor is just making a reference to some staple of...
A little late answering this but oh well.  If I'm barely tolerating someone's presence I devote a lot of my energy to not telling them to fuck off. My jaw usually clenches and I won't move so much...
Heyoooooo  Also welcome, I hope you have a pleasant stay.
As an INTP male that hasn't had the most fruitful experiences in the dating world, I'm inclined to say that the men have it harder, but that'd be presumptuous and close-minded of me.  As a male,...
Been listening to Eels a lot lately. These are a couple of my favorites. Things The Grandchildren Should Know is something that I think a lot of other INTPs might be able to connect to.  ...
What is this other way in which you consume marijuana?  Also, not to derail the thread, but which drugs in particular would you classify as hardcore? Is that like heroin and meth and the stuff...
The actual smoking itself is not good for you. The act of smoking implies combustion which creates carbon monoxide. Carbon monoxide is not good for you. Granted, when compared to smoking tobacco,...
I'm an angsty teenager blah blah blah no one understands me etc.  I'm beginning to realize just how full of shit the adults I've been taught to trust and believe in really are. They're just as...
A fellow INTP coined the term Hurm but I've since repurposed it to suit my own needs. I use it as essentially a nonsense phrase that I say any time I don't have anything to say but think that the...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIN_cpdLyw4&amp;feature=relmfu
1: What's your MBTI Type? INTP 2: What's your Gender? Male 3: Are you the eldest child, middle child, or youngest child? Younger of two 4: How do you learn: Hands-on, seeing, or auditory? Visual,...
I don't know any ESTPs but I'm sure I could get along with them and I haven't met an ISTP or ENTP that I didn't get along with.  I approve of the formation of a TP Alliance.
I had a lot to say, I swear.  I had a whole rant and everything floating around in my head.  I lost it, though.  Everything's just so empty.  Hurm.
1. No, I am not especially religious at all. If I were to be lumped in with a specific group I'd probably be atheist/agnostic/deist. I definitely do not believe in the traditional god of...
Wall-E The Naked Sun by Isaac Asimov (most of his stuff, even) Stuff like this.  If we reached a point where no work was necessary, we'd stagnate. We have nothing to do, robots would be capable...
I get that a lot, too. I get more uncomfortable, though, trying to figure out how to react than anything else. Not to sound egotistical but I really do feel that I'm more intelligent than the...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofOrjpjfD4c&amp;feature=channel&amp;list=UL  Love these guys. I actually get to see them tomorrow night. They'll have that awesome LED wall with them then, so I'm pretty...
My grades are on the mediocre side of good. I manage to keep mostly As and Bs although I put in practically no effort whatsoever. I'm generally pretty good on quizzes and tests which compensates for...
My ENFP friend once told a relative stranger that the way to win my heart was to flip me off and say Fuck you. The person did that to which I responded Only if you ask politely and it was all...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoqZOR9DTi4
When trying to say I'm not much of a people person, you've accidentally just said I'm not a person and then didn't correct yourself when you realized the mistake.
Which youtubers besides iJustine have been getting into it?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoS0P3aHGtA
My closest group of friends are all different flavors of NPs.  Of the four of us, I'm an INTP, there's an ENTP, an INFP, and an ENFP.  I really like hanging out when it's just the four of us....
How odd.
Did you ever end up going there or seeing her again?  That seems like it would have been interesting.  I probably would have gone even if it has the potential to make me uncomfortable as hell.
Minnows. I always won that because the shark never caught me.  Star Wars or Star Trek?
Is anyone else incredibly annoyed by the name of that band, fun.? No capitalization and that fucking period at the end. If you're making a name for your band, I don't think it's wise to make a name...
I'm not sure if there are drugs/alcohol involved here or if you're being quite literal with the current thought aspect of the thread. Either way, welcome to the forum (I notice this is your first...
Just wrote this on facebook....  .... I guess I shouldn't be surprised that so many people think I'm a weird person...  So the power goes out: What do you do? You reach for your phone and update...
I spent almost an entire afternoon watching as many of her videos as I could find.  Definitely an INTP or at least appeals to an INTP audience.
Ahaha. I find a strange bit of humor in the fact that you asked not to be called a robot and were immediately confronted with the PerC robot. Maybe you two can become friends? :tongue:  Anyway,...
I'm in the same boat as Boowells. Not quite old enough to vote but as soon as I turn 18 I will be fully exercising my right to not vote at all. Boowells actually said exactly what I think about the...
How cool would it be if, overnight, all the guns of the world suddenly turned into SuperSoakers?  War would actually be pretty cool.  The only drawback I can see from this is the loss of...
I put my dad down as ESFJ and INFJ for my mom but I may be completely wrong. I generally avoid spending time with them which makes it harder to type them.  Needless to say I don't get along well...
So yeah, I haven't really decided if I want to add anything else. I'd like to but all of my ideas for added features seem too out of place or beyond my skill level. 46809  Thoughts? Similar...
I'm not sure I fully understand what the object is...  Am I looking for a picture that presents two polar opposites with each one representing one type or the other, or am I looking for a picture...
So I guess to some extent this should probably be in the What Enneagram Type am I? subforum but I guess I'll just throw it here.  My main question is in regards to the variants of each type (SP,...
Of course. We could do this Ocean's Eleven style. Or, if that's too heroic in that weird way where a movie can release your inner criminal and make you root for the group of masterminds that go...
I doubt it.
Well that's that, I guess.  At least the doubt and false hope is out of the way.  :unsure:'"


1311: 'Oh come on #IDontThinkSo.. our cute little mouse is making an effort to come to us.. don't scare him away immediately, let's play a little more first. Or are you bored already?
Is the bored cat that's giving a mouse that keeps walking by under his nose a whack making an effort?  Hmm, actually never thought of it that way. Meh, still don't. Arrogant mice are fun.
Me? Effort? Did you see effort somewhere? And feel? Uh: no-thing
No thanks. One word summary: nothing. Or maybe: death. Maybe.
Oh dear... we actually have an INTJ trying to out-troll an ENTP. With Googled memes.  Don't you have some lonely science project to tend to today?
Nah. Now that I know I'm talking to a frog I'm no longer interested.
Well all of us, every single day of every single year for every single 11 year old we run into. What is Hogwarts btw?
That's true, we tend to read into people on a rational - and with Fe developped also their emotional - level. It makes us capable of seeing things from their perspective, and even debating them from...
Am driving the best of both those worlds: a sports convertable.  Decided to skip motorcycles 'till now: I'd kill myself laughing and then regret that later on.
I'm not fully sure about the ENTP female <> INFJ male dynamics, as I'm an ENTP male.  Emotinally immature ENTP's will have problems in relations with INFJ's, especially if those are young and...
You mean me? Well I just love me.. obviously.  As long as I'm around it can't. And when I'm no longer around I can't.
1. I can be friends with any type, as long as they respect my strong individuality, and don't regularly plague me with irrational nonsense. For serious romantic relationships I've specifically...
mninp: you're making this thing sound like work... :dry::dry:
Was just explaining how it looks to other people ;)  Simple: kill your pillow, go to bed. Sleeping is so much better on those when they're not moving.
If I actually had forumposts auto-read to me the computer-voice would probably sound like that yes.  We love both war and people crying. We = pure = evil, don't even try imagining how much :)
Was begging for a sarcastic answer -> Got prayers answered immediately.  Much obliged ;)
An ENTP feeling responsible for everyone?? Uh, nope. We ENTP's do our utmost about feeling responsible for as little as possible, unless we actually care or absolutely have to :D  Generally if we...
Have a different experience in that regard. My mom is ENFJ and when I bring in my (young) female INFJ friends they pretty much fall in love with eachother every single time... tried it with 3 INFJ...
Nope... I am. And she's a dragon during ;)
Because when we then thank you it makes it extra special. We like extra special ;)
I've shown you that plenty but you either reject it or just don't see it. I suspect a combination of both. I should have expected that, and actually I did very early on in our conversation if you...
Enjoy your continual looking for those incredibly rare fairy-like air-floating intuitives spouting mystcal poetry and looking for ancient objects to idealize @angelcat. This is actually getting...
@Oswin: nope not going there.   In summary I've rejected both the rigid description/understandings and dogmatic application of the e/i functions-theory. The rest, including reasons why and examples...
You're talking to a real life intuitive but just flat out refuse to learn anything from it. Well then: stay with your cherished but rigid beliefs and understandings about them. That I can see the...
Hahaha, it wasn't a LITTLE disagreement.. more like a meltdown.. we were far too deaply involved with one another and emotions got way out of hand :D I wasn't leaving this discussing over you being...
I've read it. Congratulations, you've aparantly found yourself a real life caricature of an ENFP, that has absolutely not developed and even rejects her Te in every way. She indeed sounds out of this...
@Aeidrung: I've gotten into quite an emotional fling with an INTJ once and it didn't end well for either of us due to rash decisions taken by us both. It happens, if you push my core enough... I've...
@angelcat: Oh dear, is that really all you've gotten from all those things I wrote down?  Plus you've actually missed those things I (and even you yourself!) pointed out where her N shows through?...
Haha, I actualy expected that one, you don't disappoint. Aparantly you've been missing that I've considered and debated the alternatives proposed, then rejected them one by one, and have used several...
That might be your perception of Ne. Your perception and the one described there by arkigo's is only the extreme and rigid caricature of Ne as described by the funtions theory.  To give you someting...
That consitent individualistic temperament can't be attributed to Fi, as from my list only the INFP is an Fi dominant. The INTJ is an Fi tertiary. All the others (INFJ,ENTP,INTP) are Fe...
@Oswin: affirmative, what the Joker does is exactly how ENTP's process information and act on it... and 'coincidentally' I fully understand his rationale, temperament and way of thinking too... so...
@Oswin & @angelcat: from these clips (can't open the warehouse 13 one) I can't judge their characters, but I'm not seeing classic ENTP as you apparantly do, and from what I've seen I don't really...
As stated before: those function descriptions of Ni<>Ne and Si<>Se are far too rigid.  I flip-flop Ni/Ne at will and use both functions. Same for Ti/Te. I see the same thing with Fi/Fe users, e.g....
Then we are going to disagree :)  You are attributing Merida's actions to irrational emotions and internal moral ethics. I am not, as I'm attributing them to tought out and well considered...
Yet I see people fit their formula's quite snug. As said: the people I've typed (quite a few) and asked to do a test (or two) have up until now never returned with different letters then the ones I...
Looking at the the description you give of your sister I truly wonder if she's really an ESFP. This is generally how I know ESFP's to be: looking to interact with/in groups and good with those groups...
I know many SP's (they make up quite a large piece of society) and wholeheartedly disagree. Both SJ's and SP's are often found in for example the army and the police as careerboys there. SP's often...
@alittlebear:  Haha, no that's not it at all.. I'm certainly not going to be hurt or offended over a discussion on a message board, and believe you are fully entitled to your opinion. It's just that...
There's a bunch of things wrong with both that theory (and/or dogmatisms) around the functions (in this example: Ne/Se), then with the way it is applied and then with the way you guys are 'reading'...
I understand the functions dear, I also understand how they work together.. as I understand them they fit in with MBTI quite perfectly. If applied correctly there is no seperation between the two,...
As stated: I'm far more interested in practical application of MBTI, and it absolutely works in the real world. People, especially iNtuitives, generally immediately recognize themselves in it after...
Anyone can do quick wit? Are you kidding me? Let me rephrase: almost no-one can do quick wit when compared to an ENTP.. they only believe so up until the point they try to actually compete. ENTP's...
I have found those character descriptions to be largely accurate IRL.  I added this later-on, but you missed it in your quote.  Talking functions, she uses: Ne / Ti -> for quick wit, future...
I'm wasn't talking about relating to her.. I'm talking about her functions being the very same as mine ;)   About the ExxP we fully agree. It's possible the things I've posted don't matter to you,...
Let me put it like this: her way of perceiving the world, response to traditions and responsibilities & opinions of others, her verbal responses, lack of respect for authority, and her way of...
Merida is clearly an iNtuitive: completely spontaneous, free spirited, against tradition and rules, self-seperated from the heard/hoard.  I think her either ENFP or even more likely: ENTP with...
This sequence of posts makes me actually *think* you're an INFJ... I have several INFJ friends and both the subject and the way of approaching it sounds exactly like stuff they'd contemplate ;) ...
Why are we even having a debate on functions?  The above scentence is pretty much the core definition of a J, and pretty extreme at that.  The whole fact that you - as a T - are still so bothered...
Exes generally refrain from stalking me, so that helps... Seems you've run into a seriously messed up F: he feels bad, so he's going to make you feel bad. Doesn't sound like you're having the usual...'"


1324: Haven't had time to think.
Oh, christ. Now I want one. Just...
We'd take over the world.
I'm very open, friendly, smiling and usually chat up to anyone I feel like to and try to make friends or just say a joke so they open up a bit. I guess I kind of try to make them feel welcomed,...
astronaut, scientist, actor, lawyer, designer, tv show host, entrepreneur, singer, politician, pilot, archeologist, an agent or a spy, yeah, all that sort of things. basically, to entertain or for it...
I hope not. Wars are going on all the time, but we have the power to stop them. It's past the time people toyed with other's lives and it's time we grow up and realize that it won't help the...
ohhhh, this one and variations.
*sigh* yes, because... I can't be who I want to be, because I don't have the money to afford it.   And it tears me apart that i can't. And now i'm just... going to study law, maybe entrepreneurship...
Oi, I don't think your judgment is right at all. Why don't you spend your time wisely. (:
oh, god, sounds a lot like my mother.  she seems to be an esfj pretty much, but who knows, she might be entj instead, i'm trying to understand.  i hate her. if she is hurting me and i disagree or...
Doctor. Ahah.  Thought he might've been...
Blackberry is really cool, but i prefer iPhone, so i can fiddle with the touchscreen. :)
omg, i solved it, this was so fun! <3  crossing out, yeah. at first i didn't see it, but once i switched around to my other variant i realized the answer. wicked. <3  have any more of theses?
it sounds repulsive if i have to constantly cuddle and sooth them. if one 'hey, it'll be alright' won't do, it turns me off.  like... i can't pity people either, i can tell it once, but if then they...
Yes. Definitely.  Like sometimes i'd get this impulse that i really wanna a thing for no apparent reason, and when normally i'd think about it, it's like something says: don't think, just do it, and...
Monkey. <3  I thought my element was metal, but apparently Imma water monkey.  Not hard to relate though, especially cause I've always been fascinated with water bodies, they make me calm. And...
I really like/want to look at people. I don't know why, but I do. Maybe it's appreciating beauty.  If I could, I'd just spend 5 minutes straight studying someones face, but most people would become...
flying + super-springy jump!:laughing: cause I've had these in dreams and that was incredible.
Referring to someone who's right there in 3rd person is weird? Since when? O.o
Wtf, you need to stand up for yourself. That's how I see it. You already don't have  much to your life to enjoy this way, what have you got to lose if you choose to stand up for yourself and say...
Money = possibilities. I want to be able to do everything I want to, especially produce all  my ideas, so I want to make lots of money.
I hate jeans but go for both comfy AND fashionable.   My clothes have to be pretty, sassy jet comfortable and warm if it isn't summer. ;D  Edit: Oh, and yes - feminine.
Wow, I don't know. All of my passions sort of came to me. I stumbled upon them, tried that again, and grew to really liking those things.     As for college, it always sort of was there, in my...
Drums/Bass/Electric guitar for ENTP, definitely :wink:  Personally, drums and vocals for me. But I've also always wanted try bass guitar, so I'd like to learn a song or two on it in future. ;D ...
Ohh, goshies. xD  I don't know how ENTP-ish the things I did were, but I was such a hyperactive kid.   I'd have to say I was really persistent about what I wanted and was determined to get that...
Oh, yess, definitely. Very. It must make people feel confused at times. Since I'm dominantly sweet,  I sometimes go for the cocky, arrogant, ignorant, etc., but only because I love the change and the...
Oh, you enjoy philosophy? I've got a different view on all that, but I accept that you have some unique values and a different opinion.  You must be really into your stuff.:happy: What are/were you...
I think it is a religion. Must a religion necessarily have a god to be called that? Nature can be a god too. Other religions have various gods at once. I think religion is a strong belief, that...
Well, that's hard to say...  Personally, I don't believe in the Christian religion, but some forms of, say, Buddhism, sound nice, if that's what someone would like. But yeah, I'm not religious, I...
Both, but right slightly, slightly dominant apparently. Hm. ;D
Hey, I'm just curious, what exactly makes for 'poor knowledge'(to you)? That someone would realize that they're quality, but be afraid to go for someone else who's quality? That's what comes to my...
Hey guys, where's the sexy mood? :laughing: There should be a 'Sexy' mood, if any of you can make one.:happy:  And how about a kiss smiley?   Have a nice day otherwise. :proud:
Thanks for the warm welcome, Lion! :)  Lol, no thanks, Max. I'm just gonna go get it myself.
Yeah.  Although let's correct one bit - he shouldn't be awfully rich, cause I   want to be the one that brings a lot of money in.  Haha, you see, a lot of people would be afraid to go after what...
Aw. :happy:  -looks into your eyes with that dazzling, warm smile and puts her delicate hand over yours- You do want to give it to me though, do you, Max? :happy:
Omg. It just seems to me that you don't really want to get over him and move on. Commit to stopping liking him, thinking about him. That's overcome-able if you really want to. Done that myself a lot...
Hmm. Grab your chair a little tighter. This is what I like.  Characteristics:  Funny & charismatic Independent Resourceful Respectful Honest  Physical Features:
Definitely. Maybe it's an actress' talent. But I'd just say I somehow distinctively know how to appear as being truthful. ;D
Thanks, Teig & En! ;D
Aaah, lol. Chocolate candy. :tongue:
5'5 and perfect height.  Absolutely love it. :happy:
Bullseye, baby.  For some reason I sometimes come off as flirty even if I'm not flirting at the moment. When I do though, I usually flirt pretty strongly, or sometimes, just let my mischievous...
Let's see this one, then...  Unethical - Umm.. No.  Joker - All the time. No feelings - Yes. Well, I do have feelings and generally wish others to feel good, and I wouldn't deliberately hurt...
Hello, everyone! :happy: I'm Cher, 18, dying to meet you. Haha, ok, really, I've just got a very excited/exciting personality.  I'm actually looking really hopeful at this forum. SOUNDS FUN...."


1328: 'how?
Gotta keep it real sometimes IDontThinkSo
I don't know how else to explain the situation so I'm just going to speak in the third person. Hope it makes sense!  You live your life constantly seeking improvement so that you can become that...
Those people who are too serious about life with their serious facial expressions making it seem like the world owes them something. Can't take serious people seriously, harhar.
Haha, and warriors are strong and they don't give up.   A friend of mine once said, People are always going to be around. but the problem is that, are they the people I want to connect with? I am...
It may be developmental and circumstantial from my perspective, but I am afraid of being lonely. Reflecting on the past, I feel like I have unable to keep any of the relationships I started and...
It's so god damn difficult to stay focus when the people around you are having fun, going to events, and exposing themselves more than half naked. Like shit, I want to be naked too.
Remember how hard it was to push through that mile? Regardless of how hard, you pushed through. Remember what you told yourself that you would do? Regardless of how hard, how tired, how fatigued, how...
In other words, you found the dragon now try to figure out how to not be a burnt piece of meat. Thanks (:
Yes! On the first point -- being someone with an inflated sense of confidence on the exterior who prides herself on her ability to be funny, it is disappointing and discouraging when her company does...
I hate to admit to this, that I constantly seek for others' approval. I've read somewhere that this is an unhealthy ENTP trait. This occurred a lot more before than now, however, reflecting on my...
To add on to this, I want to point out that there are different forms of meditation. The type of meditation you're talking about here is mindfullness. While this works for the majority of people...
Yes yes yes yes to music, usually chill electronic such as trance as mentioned above or classical -- there has been times where I get super excited about an album but that album happened to have...
Scotch is for old souls. Broke college students can only offer whiskey of the Irish variety.  **Edit  Holy crap. Thanks for mentioning a type of liquor because it totally got me thinking about...
piggybacking on what MCK had said --   Possibly try to note the emotions that you're feeling while you're in the dumps and figure out what is causing those emotions that make you stress. Stress is...
Yes, I agree that I may be suppressing some things in my subconscious - that, you're right on point. I can probably discern a few reasons of why such suppression exists. I have also found, however,...
why don't you try to meet as many people as you can and be friends with as many as you can rather than focusing on getting a date? But what do I know? I'm also as single as single can get.   ...
You're not lonely and you're totally a okay with being alone. In fact, you thrive being alone...However, you wonder sometimes, like wouldn't it be nice to have someone to share all of the wonderful...
How is life absurd? What made you come to this conclusion? Was any witchcraft involved?
RantnRave You briefly talked about automaticity and I find this interesting and would appreciate it if you can elaborate on this a little more. Would you say that x93flowx94 is the same as x93auto modex94. I...
Generally I have relatively good control over my emotions. For the majority of instances, I have already thought ahead of what my next actions would be in the present moment and thinking forward...
I wish the same can be said about cheesecake.
Hey, I am so sorry to hear that you're currently stressed out. Regardless of what those issues are, I find that I am not myself when I am under stressed or at least I am not the self that I want to...
Girl, you lumping bad news in one single category -- There is a spectrum of what events constitute bad news and how one responds depends on the situation. Using your examples above, I would respond -...
I almost rolled on the floor with uncontrolled laughter as I was reading this piece of advice. Bravo to you, haha. Still can't stop laughing.   I can't imagine when you have children especially if...
ain't nobody got time [to write]. haha.
hola chicas and chicos!  I happen to have an almost free Friday night and I am sitting here pondering this question. Please help. I have the intense urge to create some graphs and charts!  The...
I haven't seen the movie but have been dying to see it. Reading your post gave me the urge to take the quiz online and surprisingly enough, the result I received was Joy.   From reading your...
I can see where an ENTP personality can excel in sales and I have actually thought about doing it myself. Just out of curiosity, what sort of products? Additionally, funny thing that you mentioned...
From a less technical standpoint, I think that knowing my personality type as defined by MBTI had helped me grown as a person. Before discovering that I was ENTP, I was a lost child. (To be brutally...
Teacher, teacher! I, the student, have returned. Thank you so very much for your instructions above. I have taken into account every single word (literally and not figuratively) that you have stated...
They are also kings and queens of electronic music.
wink wink. one of my many super human powers. I kid I kid.
No. Liars are not welcomed. =X I'm making your life miserable. sorry (but not sorry)
No. Absolutely not. There won't be any conversations. I would personally plot and have an accomplice murder this future bf that you speak of if the word sweaty is even muttered out of the luscious...
I am disgusted at the smell of my own sweatiness, saltiness, and stinkiness. I wonder what thoughts are running through other's consciousness when they see or smell me. One of the criteria that I...
You spoke about the first encounter where you find this man's passion interesting- Possibly not so much the idea of antiquity, but the way in which he explains his passion is intriguing but can you...
If it's the first few times that I've met someone or am newly acquainted with a group of people, I would try to follow up with questions. I make the extra effort because it's a new place or new...
Are you on the verge of wanting to murder a human being yet? By a human being, what I really mean is yourself.     I want to touch on the topic of processing information as depicted through...
I was a hostess for a bit.   A guy walks in and goes straight to the bar. The bar happens to be behind the podium. This kid makes direct and intense eye contact with me every time I look his way....
Haha, being injured and deep reflecting have no association whatsoever. It's funny how we are always unconsciously trying to connect the dots...   Lots had happened in the past where you can say...
Good? Haha, relative.   I had to read your response a few times over a span of time so I could soak everything in.   In retrospect, I honestly don't think I was ENTP growing up. Even if I had to...
You have only one hair scrunchy. And you try to go out for a run but can't find that single hair scrunchy. You can't even find a rubberband to tie your hair. You make simple things way more...
What you're suggesting here is that hiring managers base their decision on irrational conclusions. Sure, your competence and value may be greater than the pool of applicants during the interviewing...
Thank you for your response and acknowledgement of the importance of mentors. I wholeheartedly agree. I find it difficult to have any focus without any conception of what is realistic and it would...
Hey. I may be ranting here but I promise to get to the point...eventually. Given that we are around the same age, I feel like I am able to relate to your situation to some extent. You spoke about...
I have a million thoughts running through my consciousness and maybe even my subconscious as well. I am confused. I am scared. I am troubled. I understand the importance of working hard and I do make...
Same! I would demand people to laugh at my jokes. I usually say something along the lines of Can I ask you a question? Can you please acknowledge my jokes because I think they're so funny, just for...
holy shiitttt!!   Been obsessed with this band obsessed with this song.     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tr-2Ke4EIPY
Can you teach me how to pose like that? No sarcasm intended.'"


1369: 'wait. You're InTheRockies? So, that's your nick? That a good nick? Everyone cool about it? Allright, want some tea? What then? K, so you're like an invading troll? Found your way here under the...
Noone is invading our forum because it is situated under a large bridge and trolls live here that will eat your children.
up to 30 euros for 1500 characters (a standard page)  for a webpage around that plus change for a extra bits like navigation, keywords, alt desc. and so on.
cant, it's all porn. even this one.
However this could lead to a debate about debates. I think the safest way would be: You win.  This does two things. First it ends the debate. And seconds it does so in a very unsatisfying manner...
again: knowledge != intelligence
Isn't that Obv?   (yea... i just had to)    Edit: this is a typical case of a premature post syndrom. Happens to ENTP alot, so I've been told. I did see a doctor about that and I am taking...
Oh man, you're lucky! I'm german and for the life of me I can't learn another language. I wish I knew at least some english but I don't. I just hit random keys and hope for the best.  I can't read...
But why is the rum gone?!
I dream other people's dreams. That's fun, I recommend it.
I would build a machine to mind control any human at any time and as many at the same time as I want. Infact I already built that machine and am using it for some time now, so I do rule the world....
I was 13 in 1987.  Smartphones. The Internet. Tablets. E-Paper. 3D Printing. You're gonna love it!  also striclty 5 useful words:  Invest in Google. Buy Bitcoins.
This threat is all over the place, and I really want to clear something up:    Yes they are.    Yes it does.
There are different techniques for different outcomes. Depends on what you want to get better at.  I like IQ as a scale and that helps us understand quite alot about logical thinking and computing...
Smart, as in high IQ, doesn't make people uncomfortable. If people are pretentious, condescending or patronizing, then sure others get uncomfortable very fast (which isn't surprising). I find myself...
Oh I'm sorry, this is not debate. Debate is two doors down. This is contradiction and trolling.
I dont think those tests work well with ENTPs. I mean when do you get a chance to smear a marshmallow all over the walls and furniture and then get another as a reward for not eating the first one......
This, is the most joyous scene, ever seen in the history of MBTI fighting, this is an incredible scene, the place is going wild, ENTP has won, ENTP has won, by a knockdown! By a knockdown! The thing...
I think I'm doing that wrong...
I don't really want to get sucked in here, but I quickly want to point out two things:  1) IQ is a very specific way to measure intelligence and while you can go on about other types of...
None of your Ideas work without you. Simple as that. If someone else is good realising your Idea then it is because they made it their own. If you want to realise your Idea then assemble a team and...
Depends on what vampire lore you're getting. You might turn out all sparkly and have to talk with everybody about your feelings...
Trolls
Just say that whole thing. Actually, I might steal that for the next party and end my sentences with Sent from my iPod touch using Tapatalk heh I can hardly wait...  uhm... nothing to read here,...
I'm used to alot of things and the most mad I get now is about mistakes I make when I could or should do better. I think that's when getting mad can actually change things. With others I'd rather get...
just be amazing
Not sounding to trolling but I don't think ENTPs generally care too much about what goes on in other people's brains. Most of the time I don't care enough to even want to know what other people...
Quite interesting conversation in here. I would have just said If you have to ask prolly not and be done with it. Good thing not everyone is as lazy :)
We're the kings of big gestures  probably the masters of everyday ignorance too... In our heads we're the doctor, our minds skip the boring days, so sorry we didn't pay attention to you but look my...
In a busy place just shout: 1 buck for the next person who does something stupid.  (I made 6 bucks yesterday)
I never thought about it but now I think Adams put alot of himself into Zaphod... thats a fun thought :)
whenever someone asks me that question I always want to answer honestly? you do. But I don't... more than half of the time. :)
With time you realise that rules are just a challenge. The more strict the rules the more fun it is to think of ways to be outrageous within those rules.  Reminds me of Adam Hills years ago, in a...
Just Be Yourself  see OP, just needed 3 words :P
Any party with an ENTP attending will become an ENTP party...
I turned on the lights. Best I could do...
I have seen people really suffer under peer pressure and I honestly do not get it, you know, the mechanics of it. I have never been in a situation that I didn't decide to stay in. If I'm not feeling...
You're using benedict cumberbatch as your profile picture. Also you don't troll.
We had something like this here before. Hufflepuff is by far the best choice for ENTP. Least strict and lets you do your own thing much more than the other houses. Not really the most impressive in...
Truth, good. Honesty, good. Being sincere, godd. Don't be a dick. Just don't. Doesn't mean you have to sugarcoat everything. Brutal honesty is needed at times. A good verbal bashing too. Not...
I come here often but I only ever read my own posts because thats the only stuff worth reading on here
That your pick-up line?
There are computer games that are clearly art. So already we can see that immaterial or virtual objects can be art. What you lose is the one original copy, but to me thats no bother. For art...
There is only two pesonality types anyway. ENTP and other. And really who wants to be other :)
Uhm... or blind. Just sayin'
Let's put it this way: No matter if an entp likes hardware or software better. Whatever we do, the engineers will get angry. No matter if I rig hardware or software, I won't follow procedure, I wont...
not finishing sentences is
You clearly haven't seen much source code. There are programming languages like perl that are clearly designed to rig stuff up. I think that it's that property that excites me about programming....
huh? wha?! look a butterfly...
how am I doing? Let me tell you winning the lotto jackpot is really a lot of work. All those forms and stuff. And taxes and... Did I win? Nooo. I am not at liberty to say. I mean: no. Uhm. Can we...'"


1390: 'I think we can be decent at chess, but not excellent. There is a point where the kind of intelligence needed is not ours. Like the guys who plays eyes closed or ten games  at the same time.... No...
Haha now you get it
Yep but Jesus can.
Jesus could drive with eyes closed, and no hands. I will not let anybody say otherwise.
Not sure what YOU are talking about. There is no zen state of mind. Zen is a (quite pure) form of Buddhism, very focused on practice. There are many states of mind listed. If you're actually...
I practiced for a bit, did a retreat in a temple, yet find myself incapable of answering your question. I've been sitting here ten minutes trying to think about it. Intuition should help the...
Yeah well. I guess the existential meaning is clear (thanks to downsowf), and it was what OP was talking about.  As for what I see in it, and why I was talking about zen riddles, I might be too...
You're missing it dude.  It's kind of a zen riddle.  A simple example (which is somehow betraying the idea) : Every thing is as importantas every thing else, that is of the utmost importance...
Nietzsche puts the idea up there, as it is the less meh of all ideas. It's the overcoming of relativity, destiny and randomness. The eternal return gives every life, every instant, the weight of...
True dat
I don't drink that much anymore, but always have high tolerance. In fact I don't appear, or feel, that much different when drunk. Just more E.
U mad bro?
That's a lot of rules while claiming chaos dude. Do this do that. No no no.
Yes, definitely, but mostly on random (to others) things. All my SJ family members consider me as lacking any sort of will.
Glad I don't have ozzy osbourne in  my head. Or a trolled infj with aphorisms. Or  http://img.tapatalk.com/d/14/03/06/sy5uvysu.jpg
God is skub.  Skub is God.  Skub is skub.
I think about Cicero's death in the show Rome. The assassin comes, he's a nice guy, it's spring and the peaches are good, Cicero gets a minute to look a the sky, see a bird, and there goes the blade...
Sorry but LOL
Of course you need a licence (here anyway... Unless it's historical, travels in parts in closed cases, etc). With the sports license, you can transport it in a bag, with a knot (keeping you from...
Entertaining site! I learned I was actually a PNTE! Now that's something new.  http://oddlydevelopedtypes.com/content/cognitive-functions-and-type-dynamics-failed-theory
This is where sloth from another thread comes into play.
Blades rust.  You have to clean it every time, oil it, etc.  (I practiced iaido and cut through stuff with katanas... Dangerous stuff for the fingers. I got out with all my limbs, and now I have...
I love books. I could brag about how many I have read. But one is not supposed to say the truth even if it's pertinent as long as someone else would consider it bragging (I never got this tbh). ...
(Thread derailing haha): Thanks, but I meant countries (or subdivisions of countries in the case of Italy, Germany, etc.) having different mbti repartitions than other countries. What type is this...
^^ ok. Maybe I'm not clear about what buzzword means. I was under the impression that it did not absolutely disqualifies the idea, but simply points that its formulation was made to appear...
It is a buzzword. So what?  Between money as the middle man and money as debt, there is some room.   I liked the Venus project some time ago, except the 70's architecture, and the faith in...
What? I never thought of countries having different mbti repartition. That is very interesting.  Somebody has moar on this? A thread?
I'd be all for statism - if it were ruled by people like me (haha).  What I see now... leaves me closer to some anarchism (not the capitalist kind).   Anyway, +1 to Star Trek TNG (NOT DS9 with...
Pets are just too much work.  I like dogs, but someone else's is fine. If I had the package (house wife kids job etc) I might consider it.
Shit I'm not.  Gotta work on it.
I dont think i know any infj girl. Damn. Booty or not.  Is there a where can I find a infj girl thread?  Didn't end so well with my intj wife. And all I see is intj girls everywhere. Wtf.
Well done vids.  Nice editing.  I say watch'em.  Even if I'm quite concerned about interpretation by insecure dudes of the punishing bad behavior theme in relation with hits in the face images.
Solid quotes.  Cioran, and in French? Dude! You awesome.
Wouldn't a jester be eaten quickly, or at least left to die in a pit?  I mean what purpose does a jester serve prior to bored kings?
Omg you guys are masters of trolling.  I don't troll that much (anymore), mostly irl, and with people I know can take it (too much Fe?).  This is actually the only thing that might make me doubt my...
That makes sense, thanks. I'm in fact more into the infrastructure side.  The Te I see in all the jobs descriptions must be to keep the feelers on track, and in reaction to the romantic era.  ...
I feel you. LSD should be no more than twice a year or so. And preferably older.  As for my teens, same as you guys.
Interesting. My actual worry would me more about Te demands in today NGOs (lots of procedures and reporting and spreadsheets).  But I must admit I don't really understand Fi that much - relating...
Seriously? You think those general characteristics fit everybody?  I just put the rest for the lulz about the long nose.
Getting things done concretely for a change, lol.
Lol @ Vedic horoscopes.  I just found mine in my India souvenirs. The guy must have typed me as ENTP (with a long nose) http://img.tapatalk.com/d/14/02/26/2a6u2yve.jpg...
Pride.  My father would say sloth.
I have more regret than remorse. So many things I could have done instead of dreaming them. But eh, it's all dreaming anyway. Doesn't affect me really.
Symmetry is wired in our brains as = good (beauty, health...)
Cancer does suck. Every illness really. Even a cold.  Pisses me off.  All your post : +1
wtf did I just read? OP?
No no. No useless here.  Never have been.   Talking about women right? Cause I can be useless in many other areas.
Ok I'm at the crossroads in my life. Mid-thirties, going through a divorce, no job (and no intention of going back to previous experiences : stupid teaching, evil advertising, unsuccessful...
Same same But I currently have no job so...
Holy shit.  I've got to find myself a shrink I feel somehow attracted to the red haired harpy.'"


1399: 'Used to really like (and still do though not as much) rhythmic indie rock like The Strokes, Editors, Franz Ferdinand etc. Now I'm really into my epic and emotional music like film soundtracks and...
I'm no alpha. I don't even fit on the whole alpha beta scale. I'm not on it. That being said extreme alphas do annoy the hell out of me!
I use facebook a lot. It's an easy way to keep in touch with people and also at times damn hilarious. I also find it's an easy way to socialize as someone who struggles with people a bit talking on...
Well thankfully they don't diagnose ADD as much in the UK or I'd probably have been put on Ritalin by now too. I need caffeine a lot of the time to be productive for long stretches of time but if...
So I'll start.  I experience my E as an extreme curiosity. I really want to play with everything, the same way a baby does. I also really like to try new experiences, they might be scary as hell...
So as anyone regular here knows every couple of weeks we get someone asking whether they are really INTPs because they get socially anxious or have bad people skills. So I thought having a thread...
But in Europe public health care is the main customer and the government only has a certain amount of money so if something is ridiculously expensive the public health services just don't buy it,...
And if everyone else bothered to actually do research and have common sense that may be possible however in the wise words of Winston Churchill: A 5 minute conversation with the average voter is...
One thing I've learnt from MBTI is that being E doesn't meaning being good with people. I'm getting better and some older ENTPs are very good with people but I'm E and at the moment I'm still shit...
Well it introduces you to forums like this one which are amazing for procrastination!  Also knowledge of your own weaknesses helps you avoid them and/or work on them which is very useful. Also if...
I get bored a fair amount. But I buy toys to keep me entertained!
Well I'm not American but a scan of his wiki page indicates he's like to make the US a far more insular country withdrawing from the UN and NATO. NATO I can understand but not the UN. His ideas on...
Well my advice is to go you a Uni that lets you do 2/3 subjects in first and second year before settling yourself on a major. That's what I did studied Maths (my original Major) with Computer science...
The memories I have are very vivid but while I have a reasonable amount I don't have that many childhood memories. I also find that my vivid memories memories are of places more than people. So I can...
Well I've never debated but one thing I have noticed since going to a very middle/upper class uni is that people judge you hugely on your speech, so slow it down and make sure you vocalize your...
That's a Celtic game so as a Glaswegian I can tell you that he is 100% definitely drunk!
I own 6!!! XD
I talk really loudly. But I'm from Glasgow and that's apparently a Glaswegian thing!
Yeah I get cute a fair amount too. It does get you friend zoned but some girls especially the IF types like it!
BETRAYED! Oh my god I'm so betrayed! Like Hansel and Delilah your love began to fade I crying in the hoosegow your in Rio getting laid Betrayed! Did I mention I'm betrayed?!
Well I do a lot of musicals so I have loads of gay friends. I don't really get it when they talk about guys though. I don't understand homophobia at all!
Well I just got elected to be the Props and Set Officer of my Unis Performing Arts Society so I'm going to be building loads of crazy sets soon!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkV_9ppygfk
Sugar and every week or two alcohol. I don't mind a bit of caffeine here and there too.
Actually the deist theist difference is rather major in regards to society.
Hahaha Brilliant question! Stupid is one of these things that you know when you see it. As a rule though anyone unable to understand any abstract concepts and isn't really a self helper ie doesn't...
To be honest getting drunk only twice a month and doing stupid things in Scotland would be considered reasonable behavior.
I'm quite bad for my food additions. I'm a self confessed sugar addict and very bad for eating lots of fatty foods. Thankfully my metabolism so high and I'm always so hyper that I only have a very...
I always sit center back. I like to see everyone else in the class it's interesting. I'm also terrible for staying awake in lectures I just can do them unless there very engaging so I feel it's kind...
Technically I'm atheistic agnostic but Atheist.
Hmm the term libertarian has quite different meaning in the UK and the US I've been told so I'll avoid that term.  I am quite liberal and quite capitalist. I think personally it's every ones...
Cheers! I agree. Restrictions are always difficult for me too though I also find a lack of guidance annoying at times - for example I was recently given a programming project where I didn't know what...
hmm I'll tell you later
For me it's aggressive, no bullshit , nit pickers. Don't get me wrong I can be aggressive and I will challenge bullshit if it needs challenged but people who take it too far and just nitpick at every...
So would that kind of make ENTPs insecure about their insecurities?
I used to go to speech therapy as a child and due to my accents - Glaswegian with a Dundonian streak - I speak fast and mumble a lot something I've recently been trying to work on improving recently....
So everyone has them. I'm curious as to what insecurities ENTPs have. What are yours?
Well I'm not sure I count as an older ENTP at the tender age of 19 but  Richard Branson's (an awesome ENFP I think) motto Screw It Lets Do It!! is sound advice.
Personally I really want to work in IT. The NT environment suits me. Sure I want to get out and meet non-NTs but If I'm going to have to work I want it to be in an environment I understand....
Us ENTPs are famed procrastinators so I want to here from the more mature ENTPs about how us youngsters can work on developing a work ethic. So can any older - or young - ENTPs share any advice on...
Hmm Interesting. Personally I wouldn't have said I had this type of memory but when I think about it I can remember exact images of where everyone was sitting at my last lecture and where people have...
I only drink about Once a week which is not very often for a Glaswegian Student. I like being drunk but physically can't make myself do it too often.
I'm actually not bad for a Glaswegian. But a few of the Americans here in St Andrews do struggle a bit at times.     Your underestimate the full extent of the Glaswegians creative use of...
I swear all the time. Probably at least once every 3 sentences. I honestly have no idea why people find swearing offensive.  However I am Scottish. And I am from Glasgow. Swearing is just part of...
Don't really relate to that at all.  I have dozens of Ideas for where I want my life to go and multiple ideas on how to get there for each. On the other hand when I decide briefly a path is for me...
This strangely happens to me all the time. Its very very odd. Especially when the other person also recognizes me too!
Well I'm a Maths and Computer Science undergraduate! So can't say I am.
I love self-deprivation. Its a brilliant tool.
I like money and unlike most other ENTPs it seems I'm very good at saving it up. However not having money isn't the end of the world. I'm a huge night of good nights in and house parties rather than...
Having worked in Naval Construction management I know your pain far too well. I don't know how you should do it but get out and as far away as possible from the industry while you still have a...'"


1410: 'I've been away for a couple of months and my avatar is missing? Then I see in the message threads, so many other members have lost their avatars also.  I thought I had a backup copy of my avatar -...
So Me !!!
Yes that happens so often. With the younger women it is all about being trendy or super stylish. With the career focussed women, it tends to be competitive based on an image or a power thing. ...
Yes unfortunately. To the point they were violent ... I have avoided that person ever since (two years +)
Currently my hair is just past the top of my shoulders and that's because I recently had 3cm's cut off! Normally I prefer to keep the length at about the shoulder-blade region as it is most...
Oh yes, when i'm down in the dumps, this is sooo me!
MBTI is far more appealing to me.  Enneagram gives me a specific description, but that's all I want to know.  Socionics is intriguing, but I haven't really had the motivation to learm more about...
Mum was ESFJ. Dad was ISFJ.  So two very similar types. They were good providers and supportive parents. I had a better relationship with my father than my mother.
Sexiest type huh? Well, it's a combination of attributes for me.  Foremost, they have to be intellectually interesting - that really gets my immediate attention. In fact, with the right mental...
That's what I love about ENFP's!
In my career, I have worked in business' where there was no specific uniform to the opposite where a uniform was mandatory. When I was younger, I was rebellious and didn't like uniforms as I felt...
I have a very large room with a WIR and ensuite. My bedroom also has the dual role of being my study.  When preparing to go to bed, I don't really have a set routine, although you could say most...
This is my take on Deadpool's type in another thread ...  http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/145577-deadpool-estp-entp-3.html#post36257338
Although I voted him as ENTP, I actually think he is an ENFP. The Ne & Fi expressions gone wild ... I can imagine an ENFP to be cold-hearted and seek revenge! (Admittedly it takes a lot to push an...
I'm an ENTP and very much into a fashionable appearance. By that I mean, all the usual girly girl stuff - makeup, hair and clothing. I guess I have a strong sense of pride in my appearance and it...
Just throwing the thought out there.  As an ENTP, I have often been told that I look far younger than my actual age. And not just recently, but ever since my early 20's. The only other ENTP I...
I'm fortunate to have an athletic body. But that doesn't necessarially indicate fitness levels!  For most of my life, I have had to exercise on a regular basis to maintain any decent level of...
All of the above! More often than not I just can't turn off the brain - it drives me crazy sometimes! I can be awake for hours after going to bed (and usually that is quite late itself!). ...
Me: Freedom Creativity Intimacy/Friendship  I value freedom immensly, whether itellectually or in the physical sense. Creativity in terms of emotional bonding. Re-igniting the 'spark' to keep...
Yeah, me too. Pretty much the reason why I made the OP.
Bitchy? No.  Every other negative adjective? Most probably !!!
I'm comfortable in either scenario in terms of what you describe.  In regard to the large expo situation, I would be more involved with another person in terms of sharing the experience itself....
The finance industry. I survived 15 years ...
Not INFJ (soz).  Malificent is my current avatar. If you know her story, you know what i'm like when it comes to love ...
Me too! I particularly get enjoyment from the speaker's inflection of phrases that convey a sense of 'experience', like you're 'there' or you can relate to a real life event - 'deja vu' almost! ...
As a young'ish person I valued the concept of 'Family' and considered them essential in my life at that time. However as I became more independant and assertive (your typical ENTP), I failed to...
This is sooo me now! I have recently been isolated by extended Family and a social group that was very important to me in the past two years.  I'm in my mid-fifties and you'd think my Fe would be...
Not so far ... And unlikely in the future if it happens again.  When i'm done, i'm done.
The Fifth Element.
The four types with Fx Dom all have Ti or Te as their inferior function.    You can't have both Fi and Ti in the function stack. You have one or the other.   I doubt you are an Fi dom based...
Grudges? No. That's too similar to 'hate' in many ways and I don't do that.  Resentment? Yes. It's normally for an extended period and subtle, but it does fade away.  If I am pushed to the edge...
We are born, we're given a name. Do you like yours? Would you change it?  Would you choose a new name based on cultural or religious reasons? Or something that is currently trendy or unusual?...
You will not believe this ... ... but I was already playing this song at exactly the moment I read your post! What an amazing co-incidence!  (I went to my first AC/DC concert in 1978 !!!)
Thinking about myself, I have essentially been single for most of my life. Just one long-term relationship (9yrs) and a few that lasted less than a year.  The thought occurred to me that NT's in...
There are just too many 'life influencers' to assume that any given MBTI type will or won't be religious. If anything, I would expect the traditionalists (SJ's) or the values oriented (NF's) types...
This is exactly me! Although deep in my Soul I am emotionally affected - I just can't get it out, particularly if the other person wants to 'talk'.
A great personality! Anyone who is confident and content in their life.
I live in the temperate zone of Southern hemisphere. The four seasons do not have extreme variances, although the Summers can be very hot. Australia is large enough that it covers a latitudinal...
I completely lose my appetite. At my worst point, I can remember not eating for two-three days and just drinking coffee consistantly.  More commonly, my go to is - - - Chocolate !!!
Yes!  I'm not so sure androdgenous is the correct term though. The NF's I know are very in touch with their physical appearance matching their gender expression.  I have seen NF's who are...
Yes they do!  You need to consider that not all men are insecure about their intellect and may actually consider it an attraction in a female. Intelligent woman can bring an entirely new...
Most Introverted 'Extravert'. I'm going for the ENxP's.  Most likely is the ENTP as they have Ti (introspection) as their Aux function. They would retreat into their 'own world' when necessary...
The results seemed to be representative of me in a broad sense. It could be more refined in specifics, but overall I think this assessment tool is reasonably accurate.  I won't list all the...
My life was, is, will be.
Bad memory? I remember everything - unfortunately ...
This is so true, but it seems nobody ever recognises it in me? It can be frustrating, but then again i'm not great at emotional expression at the best of times! (Hey, I am an ENTP you know!)
... with a female INFP. * Emotionally manipulative * Self-centred. * Not realistic or practical.  The reasons could go on ad-finitim, but it would depress me. Just say I couldn't handle the...
Coconut Cream.
Reduced Kidney function due to prolonged dehydration in the Summer of 2016.
I have most definately had this intense connection with random people. It is something you can't really define, but you know it is tangible. It drives me crazy when it happens and for some reason...'"


1420: 'lol for some reason I think you would have gotten more sympathetic counseling over at the NF forum.
I have an ENFJ friend. We get along because we have some similar quirks. That's all friendship is, right? Finding someone who shares your same weirdnesses?
hmmm, maybe.  I'm obviously biased, but I like to think of myself as ENTP in the style of Jon Stewart. That is to say, someone who is argumentative and interested in intellectual debate but at the...
Macbeth: To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow, Creeps in this petty pace from day to day, To the last syllable of recorded time; And all our yesterdays have lighted fools The way to dusty...
Hey,  so, i've been thinking about this for awhile now. When I first took the mbti test when I was 13, I got ENFP. And when I was that age, I was really feely. I was religious and the whole...
You are so sweet, I'm worried you're too sweet and this guy is taking advantage of your kindness.   I know what jerks ENTPs can be. I'm not even kidding. Some of us are complete assholes. The thing...
Update: I asked him. He said yes as long as we could go somewhere where it wasn't busy. He hates crowds. I'm like wherever you want. So he names off a bunch of places he doesn't want to go, and...
I like the ISTJs, but have a hard time with the ISFJs or the ESFJs
He lent people money? ;)
My favorite is the rat.
Any other NTs not really have any hobbies? I'm pretty boring. If I had a hobby, it would be arguing with people or watching Star Trek.
My advice: go to community college. It's cheap and you can take classes in different fields to make sure what you want to do before you spend a boatload of money and time.
Indiagrace  lmao, I had not seen that video. Wow, Charlie Sheen is completely insane. I had some idea, but I hadn't realized the exact extent. I don't know what his personality type is, but...
I don't think so. He strikes me as ESxP. He seems to me to be more interested in having fun than in intellectual thoughts.
absentminded, I'd like to criticize you for suggesting that you support string theory despite the absence of good evidence.  As a side note, can you tell me if I'm correct in figuring out the...
Wow, I'm surprised you did that too.  Why am I afraid that this person was ENTP :P
I'm not sure what the correct word would be. It was a seminar. So, you know, it was a big circle of people. And the teacher started talking about how truth (including morality) is subjective. I...
You think that's bad? I once got in an argument with an entire classroom of people, including the professor.
I'm in complete agreement. Attempts to stifle new hypotheses are a sin against science.
That's, in part, a valid point. I didn't mean to suggest that scientific data cannot be corrected or advanced. To the contrary, it's encouraged because that's how we get better scientific data. ...
As an ENTP who will argue with anyone about anything, I understand getting frustrated talking to people who are wrong (or who we think are wrong, or whatever.) It has lead me to mostly surround...
Ok, I'll keep that in mind. Thanks for the heads up.
I think what I'm learning here is that it's my role as the extrovert to put myself out there and ask him if I can eat with him, and that I shouldn't pussyfoot around about it, trying to figure out if...
I'm not sure there's much I can do but commiserate. We need some of the ENFP inspirers to step in, hehehe.
ENTP <3 ? (should i try to fish for compliments more subtley? I think I would try, but I'm not very good at subtle.)
Do INTJs here think that Spock is INTJ? I know a lot of people claim he is ISTJ, but I'm not sure I believe it.
hey, don't be discouraged. ISTJs are cool! Us NTs need someone to keep us grounded.  You have a very important role in society, and you're excellent at a lot of important jobs. Thank you guys for...
INTJ (I swear, this is meant in the most positive way): http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_Pk3jJ8hnWXo/S8_8-993UDI/AAAAAAAADM4/OMzy8I8aDP8/s1600/praying_mantis_india.jpg  ENTP:...
Hehe. In my experience, the more I try to hold tight to schedules and plan things, the more the world seems to slip through my fingers. If I just relax, the world comes to me :P
ahahaha. Do you guys really allot specific amounts of time to your eating? Man. How do you guys not go absolutely insane? I guess the world needs ISTJs for things, but I would go absolutely crazy if...
I'm not trying to set-up a date with him. I just like talking to him.
You don't think it's kind of weird to ask someone days in advanced if they want to eat with you? To me, then it becomes like a date.
Ok, next time I'll just come out and ask him. It's tough for me because I worry sometimes that I'm pressuring introverts into hanging out with me when they'd legitimately prefer to be by themselves.
Sorry, let me clarify. I'm being ambiguous which is muffling my story.  I walked with him from class back to the dorm area, and then I said I'm going to go head this way to go eat at this place...
Ok, so I met this ISTJ guy in a class. He's really smart and I like talking to him. I usually walk and talk with him. He always eats by himself in the same place every day. One time I kind of invited...
I am ENTP. I fear becoming incapacitated in public. I fear bees. I fear brain damage.
Forget her. She's not worth your time. Find someone else.
I criticize you for not just using the word pussy.
Errr, well....I mean, I think this is in part true, but perhaps not the whole story.
Math isn't my strong suit. It's too detail-oriented for me.
Er, well, I think it's okay for you to view things however you want as long as you don't contradict the scientific data.
I'm guessing that it's a genetic condition that has little to do with personality type.  However, I had a slight speech impediment when I was a child. I had difficult with s words. I took speech...
I wrote a paper recently on Mulholland Drive, so I agree that there are themes which tie the movie together (I wrote about the relationship the movie has to mythological stories) but the weird,...
I'd like to criticize your attempts at starting controversy. We should be trying to build a community, not start a war.  Also, I'd like to criticize your username because I don't understand what it...
Really? I saw Mulholland Drive and thought it was one of the most illogical movies I've ever seen. Am I wrong?
Relevant: I participated in a sleep deprivation study conducted by the U.S. military. I didn't sleep for 88 hours. AMA! : IAmA
Ok, here's a question for INTJs. What do you believe is the most important trait that a human can have?  A) rationality B) hotness C) empathy/compassion D) humor E) courage F) strength (both...
Well, to be fair, magic exists in his universe :P
I think the reason people associate NTs with supervillains is because everyone associates intelligence with evil-ness. I think it's society's way of keeping down intelligent people. Why? I have no...
It's been awhile since I saw American Beauty, but I remember it being very cynical. I thought Spacey's character was ENTP.  I could be mistaken. Why do you think it's SF?'"


1430: 'Silly othertypes... Everyone knows that all your INFJ are belong to us.
It may be more of a joke, but it certainly had a good time in generating nineteen pages of responses. Yet... it somehow tweaks a nerve.
Valid point, but even those defiant in nature (ENTP) aren't devoid a certain sense of identity.  I'm a man and I make certain that I fulfill my stereotypical role as such.  Why?  Because doing so...
Drunk sex is fun - and I can last longer.
What about:  Making sure she gets hers first (oral). Having an aw shit I came quick moment and proceeding to finish her off by hand to make sure she gets hers.  I'll totally admit - I'm not...
+10 more points.  226842
LOL Maybe the OP and Windows 2000 have something in common.
I thought flirting was the natural order for some of us? And as Bugs said - flirting can definitely be Platonic.
Exactly.  Don't force constraints upon yourself unless you are absolutely certain.
I've sampled my fair share. They all taste the same eventually.  I think I'll stick with the one I have. Going on ten years this year... That's a long-ass time. I'm never hindered by any...
I told you, dammit, It's the big yellow square. It fell onto the floor in a puddle and I don't own a TIG torch to weld aluminum. If I step in that puddle... We'll order pizza. Bacon.
I said it many times before... An INFJ not experiencing full blown hypertension by my experience is feeling a wee bit under the weather.
C'mon now. Nothing would thrill my nihilistic self more than pressing a big red button in a euphoric state for the sheer lulz.    ...for science...
That's because INTJs wear labcoats. Hmm... sounds like a new fashion trend.
*raises hand from somewhere in the back* ...will there be cookies? ...and weed? ...and weed in cookies?  You want tangible and not just conceptual inventions?  My godlike Ne-Ti wants mental...
Dammit... What about the ones infected with H1N1 or the bird flu? West Nile?? Sars??? Those pandemics to end all human life were so 2007-2011.  Nobody gives a shit about those anymore.
Why pyres? You wouldn't want to let all those juicy harvestable organs go to waste, now would you?
A-fucking-men, my good man.
I never look down on people - UNTIL they decide to open their mouths. :rolleyes:
The Byzantines became too stoic, therefore:  ...Take me back to Constantinople...
From what we determined at work, the definitions are the classic definitions of the ideologies in question. i.e. 'Libertine' as in Calvin's name for those who resisted laws based on church doctrine....
You are a: Objectivist Anarchist Total-Isolationist Nationalist Liberal Collectivism score: -100% Authoritarianism score: -100% Internationalism score: -100% Tribalism score: 33% Liberalism...
One of my most-trusted co-workers (and hardcore INTJ) found this today: Have it it, NTs.   5 Dimensional Policial Compass
Ne-dom... hahaha...   I'm always chasing ideas and inventions - some see the light of day, some are nothing more than theoretical and nebulous, and sometimes I'll leave a half-finished project...
223394  Yeah... it's kinda like that.
223370  'nuff said. That's about the dynamic.
Oh, I totally get slammed for things like this ALL the time. Sometimes it's nothing BUT luck...  I'm convinced that it is the same as flirting or knowing how to play the game - a trait that cannot...
It's dangerous to go alone.  Take this.  Luck +10
I'm with you, man. Some people just deserve to die.  ...but Clim - who are you to judge?  I'm not, but I most certainly will.
All your INFJ are belong to us.     That's more individual preference than an INFJ trait. My INFJ is an 8 cylinder truck and American muscle southern girl.
I didn't do it. you can't prove anything. I want my phone call...
I've read before that ENTPs have an uncanny abilities, like walking away unscathed from a proverbial train wreck.  Things that I notice: I haven't had a traffic ticket that stuck or had to be...
Amphetamines - once was enough for me just to claim that I tried it. Coke - Oh, shit.  I can see where people can get addicted.  I haven't done a line in a LONG time.  You would never catch me...
222538  I'll just leave this here.
For a modest life in the USA - HELL NO...  It's EXTREMELY complicated, and by my accounting it had to do with two things: 1) Women's liberation and their entrance into the mainstream workforce...
The Myers & Briggs Foundation - Thinking or Feeling  Posted for the record. I know the difference and understand that T and F do not take on their face-value meanings.  ...but there IS a...
Carlin was a class act. What made him so funny is that he spoke the truths that everybody was thinking but nobody said aloud.
Meh... that's extreme.  You would be utterly retarded if everything on your mind came out of your mouth, like walking up to a one-legged person and calling them 'gimpy'.  To flesh it out a bit, my...
Well, since the other thread I started as an effort to revitalize some good conversation was revealed to have been done before ad nauseum (I figured as much), here's something that struck me...
Well I'm beating a dead horse. I've been browsing a few other subforums where I'm finding that I can ruffle feathers.  Maybe a mod can fry this thread? I don't want to clutter the forum.  I had...
Here's a topic that doesn't suck.  My presumption is that the majority of us are in agreement that the so-called global war on drugs is utter horseshit, and considering how I've lived my late teens...
That's no glory hole
+200 Respect. She totally wins. Tip o' the hat to the OP.  Y'all are more driven than I. I went to college used to seem as if would be cool to say, whilst nowadays it's flavorless. The...
My favorite painter goes by the name Juan Pablo. I found him in the parking lot last Saturday at Home Depot as I was cruising around in my truck shouting trabajo aqui out the window.  The siding...
lol I entertainned him for a few posts, then reading his posts became fingernails on a chalkboard - substitute chalkboard for my eyes with all the heartfelt shit.  I was trying to not be TOO big of...
<--- Started a few lame threads for name recognition only. (and fuck feelings)  I win.
...Imma just grab me some popcorn.  Interesting thread is interesting.
I fucked up. I believe I did mean sympathize.
Eh.. I guess my attempt at humor was lost.  Anyhow, I'm not actually reinforcing any points, and while technically there is no singular master type, certain types will view select types as...
Don't blame me.  I only care about INFJs (since I'm with an INFJ). I've openly stated my extreme distaste for Fi-doms on numerous occasions - about to do so again in a few minutes on a different...'"


1433: 'Ahahah yeah, when im on the phone personal or business. My parents still ask me if everything is okay every time i do pace around do the hand gestures....
My close friends are settling down and getting married ages 21-23. It sucks! lol. Spending so much time together and then people start  Growing up . I respect them for all of that. I just feel more...
I agree with you 100% on that. Blowing women off cuz they arent interesting or they don't give me a spark then its a deal breaker unless..... if she isnt smart ill settle for the looks and if their...
You just accept them for what they are, w.e the amount needed to understand them is a attempt to better you're self down the road. Get a understanding and go on from their.
ooooooooooo....... lol rather not say. If its bad my emotions get the best of me....   Best thing to do, is to for get what ever made you feel that way. Works for me n then i think about it later...
Well dude, its dealima you have to deal with.... sounds like no body accepts you for who you are. if you fit in to that group of kids or ppl nothing good will come out or it might. depends on how you...
I'm not about to read these long as responses....   In a nut shell kid!  It all comes down to confidant's!   The average teenage girl is probably obsessed with justin beiber........ most likely...
Quick with the punchlines , A smart mouth , Intelligent, Smooth talker, Random, Day dreamer, Convincing, Intimidating, Down to earth, Forgiving to some point, Accepting, Determined, Tester, and then...
Lol yeah most my best friends and close friends are getting married and planning on having kids..... N i'm the friend that stays single :P.   Hey at least ur busy and enjoying life!.   Idk i...
lol!!!
:O. a animator huh :P. I got a good idea of manga or anime with a ENTP personality lol. but the art work is where the problem is i think.  ahaha dashing huh, thanks! : P.
enlightening words lol.  Truth be told you are honest when it comes to advise :)
Ahaha thanks.  how do you enjoy my eyebrows?  Never been told that before lol.
LOL!, well then that would make two of us darling :P
special blend.  Its a cheaper light version....   light is smother but special blend is  less smooth .
That was really good. read the comment before i saw the video. that was really good dude!.
77813  Chilling at local coffee shop with some friends
Those are some strong key points to remember!
Well yo9u good sir have given me a lot of to think about, good advice! n thanks for taking the time.
I don't like how people live their lives on fb.... like the stuff people post is like  why would you post this or  I dont need to know this.... like seriously lol. keep something private or to...
Why cucumber?.... doesnt sound like a good mix to me.
LOL! nice!
Well then lol... I drink G&T, havent had Hendricks Gin. ill try it next time im out at a bar or club.
Welcome to the club!
I didn't see anyone post or i missed it lol.  But  If you are a older ENTP 25-60, male or female.  Some advice to broaden the view or be made aware of somethings.  Anything is fine honestly!
Can't tell if i have ADD or that i just share similar characteristics of ADD.  Taking meds for ADD, helping a lot with my over all mood and OCD. My thoughts don't get into a cluster fuck of...
idk if i have meet a INFJ before or had a relationship with one but the description of the relationship sounds really great. Out of all of my relationships, i never felt like i was understood. when i...
I mean idk you're friend but that's a possibility and i see it a lot. I wouldnt take it personal if she did or does. Since she just might feel threatened by you as a women in a none life threatening...
Lol!
Seems like you are kinda stuck with you're past experience's with you're friends or people in general. I was stuck at that point but got over it cuz I grew up and so did the people i was with...
Yeah i can see that happening to me also lol.... but i rather have cooked food rather then prepared food from the stores.   I was raised of home cooking.
I'm 23  Plans lets see....   Find a affordable apartment close to school  Going back to college , wont be that hard, because most likely it will be in the city. but i want to live by my self,...
Sorry didn't know i was making a joke :D....
LOL! or attempt to ahaha.
Thanks guys. for the input lol and story's.   Well i want to live by my self but if i cant really afford it then i was planning on finding a good friend or a friend that is gets me. You know the...
So i have been contemplating about moving out of my parents nest, they are pretty chill about the things i do. I still gotta follow some rules in the house, like can't have random girls over at...
I usually try to start by knowing or getting a better understanding of w.e it may be, when im comfortable enough with what i know.   Then i try to make the connections on where improvement is...
Yeah honestly, if you can listen to what the naysayers and over come the odds then you are golden!!!! even if you fall, dont 4get that you have two feet to get right back up. That kind of quality can...
My dad is a huge entrepreneur, seriously i have started every business with him from scratch. Some money or no money. Just started working and figuring out how to make it better. I have been his...
I don't mind txting,but 80% of the time. i reply just to reply. I read a comment somewhere on this site, it went somewhere like this  ENTP's are like ppl in a mecha, but in their own world. Just...
ahahahah! my last relationship was with a ISTP and man would she try to sell me into her lies. If she was with some other tool that didnt understand, he would have believed them. ALL of them....
lol sounds like he is ether playing with you or he really really likes you a lot but doesnt want to risk getting hurt by some one that actually gives a fuck about him.   From what i read so far, he...
Burning ur X is what im really good to lol, especially when they have the  double standard's dilemma going on for them. or when they try to lie over another lie and ur just bashing on them by...
Yeah..... same here my mind is in a haze in the morning. You could consider me the walking dead in the morning lol.  Had a job another odd job working in a russian wear house, and my boss was...
when you love some one and you can tell you're love for them is fading. that's just something that shows me that its not real. With my last x she would try to lie and make me believe that she is...
In between the fine lines, with her fine lines. tell in her eyes ,blinds over her eyes melts ice with her presence, cuts deep to the tendon't  searching for a bond, that she denies words of...
Lol! the second post was funny.  Now just to see if any female ENTP's agree with that concept.  Lies make me cut tie's
I HATE BULLY'S!!   Their is only so much you can do as a parent, a lot of it ur going to have to let her deal with it. sounds heartless but she has to know for her self where the line is and when...
That's actually how i feel atm with all the people i know and am friends with. Truthfully i have 4 very close friends that have been their for me thick through thin and those friends are all guy...
The female ENTP's sure a lil more harsh then the Guy's lol....   Couldn't tell you their types but its been a wide range of them lol but to this day i haven't had a smart or Intellectual gf.......'"


1434: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1sjlbqgCt9w
Joan of Arc and Antoine de Lasalle were ENFPs.  I suspect Richard Lionheart was one too.  I've mostly studied French history, so I don't know much about non-French historical figures' types. ...
You guys are so cute.
*Looks at nO_d3N1AL.*  INTJ, heh? You ain't getting any hug from me, man.  ...  ...  ...
Arguing against seven persons to defend an idea you don't even approve of.  Singing God Save the Queen in a bar when you're French-Canadian, and somehow making people sing with you.  ...
What's up, Ozzy? If you wanna talk, I'm there. The same rule applies for every single human being on Earth.  There's enough Clopin-esque social attention for everyone!
Movies : Historical dramas.  Music : Metal. Books : Philosophical treatises.  Tv Shows : Fantasy epics.
Thank you for your suggestions and thanks for your reply. I took notes from it and I will reflect upon your arguments and your counter-arguments. I will do my best to, when the circumstances will be...
Before I continue this conversation, I must say that this exchange of ideas is rather interesting, that I like how you think, how you remain respectful and how you're mature enough to accept some...
I like your will to remain stoic and at peace with yourself, however, and respectfully,  I don't believe you wouldn't be at least a bit emotionally moved if someone told you with a veil of certainty,...
I get your point  entirely, however I must add that it's pretty hard to resist the scientific aura of the IQ tests and its implications. You may be a wise man full of self-made confidence, but if a...
If you are deemed as smart, you may not become more intelligent, but you may very well have the self-confidence and the drive to exploit your intelligence in a more efficient fashion. Taking that...
I don't believe IQ tests are valid, for they measure a tiny part of what human intelligence has to offer. Furthermore, not being able to recognize some visual-spatial patterns does not mean you...
Sure. Why not?
I did want to explode after hearing Friday by Rebecca Black.
A Muslim tried to convert me recently. We talked about metaphysics for a while. He gave me his Facebook and I added him. Good times were had.
I don't browse the internet much, but if you need a site that will help you being productive, I strongly suggest you this one : habitrpg.com
Bipolar folks react extremely to an extreme world.   They're perfectly in tune with the society of men and with the passions of the universe.
I recently bought (or legally obtained via Project Gutenberg or Wikisource) ten pieces of reading material.  De Oratore. - Marcus Tullius Cicero. Enjoy Your Symptom! - Slavoj Zizek.  Fifteen...
Iron Maiden and Sabaton have an equal place in my heart.
I find this party's lack of metal... disturbing.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9eWbrc_ynw    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTaD9cd8hvw
Define being superficial.
This thread makes me wonder if I'm the only guy here who has the privilege of being very sexually active.
@ Moss  I get you, but I still think this problem is a non-issue, at least on this forum. Nobody here is going to defend the other side of the debate.
Please give me three examples of people outright saying that we should bully the bullied and let criminals run free.
Am I the only one who believes that this is an absolute non-issue? No, we shouldn't let criminals get away with their crimes and no we shouldn't blame victims for what happened to them. Who in their...
People generally think I'm an asshole (and therefore a villain) , and it might have to do with the fact that I'm a rude, authoritarian, inconsiderate person.   Meh, I guess sometimes we do deserve...
Strategic fantasy books.
149778  sup ! Free Montral-style poutine for everybody!
1) Why not? Even though I'm an introvert, I kinda like breaking my isolation once in a while. 2) Same personality type, same way of dealing with things, therefore lots of topics we'd agree on should...
Stubborn survivor.
I love birds, especially big birds like parrots. One day I'll adopt an ara macao.
That I either watched Disney's Notre-Dame de Paris or read the book by Victor Hugo (I'm guilty of both).
I thought this thread would be interesting, and I was right! You guys are awesome.  Keep the metaphor machine running!
Imagination is the strong point of the INFPs and introversion gives us a lot of think to reflect upon the person that we are. Our ability to create is second to none.  Our rich inventiveness  permits...
As pretentious as it sounds, I wouldn't change anything about myself. I know my flaws and how to control and hide them. Modifying a trait of mine implies that I would be faced with a new set of...
We're 2 kool 4 school.
I can vouch for that.
37% Combativeness, 30% Sneakiness, 82% Intellect, 14% Spirituality  Brilliant! You are a Wizard! Wizards are spells-casters who study powerful arcane magic. While Wizards tend to be pretty...
I'm either determined to the core and extremely productive or completely demoralized and unproductive.  I either excel at something or I utterly suck at it.  I'm either a loner (though most of the...
WW1 was inevitable, though. If not the assassination of Franz Ferdinand, something else would have had  provoked it, perhaps  in even bigger proportions, and it would have been followed by even more...
Youngest of four. All my childhood I've felt like a dwarf in a kingdom of giants.
I'd change the part of history in which I don't hang out with Democritus, Aristotle, Cicero, Augustine, Thomas Aquinas, Descartes, David Hume, Rousseau, Kant, Hegel, Marx, Nietzsche, Sartre and...
I'm pretty curious about what kind of jobs the INFPs of this forum occupy.  I'm also skeptical about their typical occupations. A lot of stereotypes concerning us are floating around, so it becomes...
I like this thread: I find it necessary and useful. It's necessary because it sheds light on our personality type sexual habits, and useful because it permits us to know each others on a intimate...
All my friends are either INTPs or INTJs. I like their abilities to remain calm, analytical and logical in all circumstances. They're nice contrasts to the walking emotional clusterfuck that I am.
I usually dress like a gothic metalhead. I have long, brown hair that I straighten everyday; I wear spike bracelets, pitch black shirts and jeans, combat boots and the likes.
WhateverLolaWants  Well, I did refuse four relationship offers before, one of them being with a singer from an underground, relatively popular band in Montreal. I also refused sex propositions on...
I retreat to my inner world every time I feel tired, in need of inspiration or mentally injured.
WhateverLolaWants  I agree with your last assertion: nice guys are insufferable, weak, back-stabbing idiots.  Make your damn move or shut up, Jesus. She won't consider you any better if you...'"


1456: 'The OP shows a writing example.  According to uclassify.com which has MBTI writing classifiers. The text is INTJ. I write a blog. Most of the posts are INTP. I am assuredly ENTP. I suspect that we...
7w8, 8w7, 3w2
Struggling to do something means there's a problem somewhere. Either its like trying to put a square stick in a round hole, or you don't have skin in the game. Find a round hole.  I decided at 14...
I went to comfortable and quiet places like the music room in the student union, the library, an empty classroom, the 1970s verion of Starbucks.  When I had papers to write, I bought a new pen and...
I learned long ago about many of the symtpoms you identify. I became a troubleshooter. I went to projects and organizations which were in trouble and found and helped them find ways to succeed. They...
Neither Brain Nor Ghost - W Teed Rockwell  Truth and Predication - Donald Davidson  The Dictator's Handbook - Bruce Bueno de Mesquita and Alistair Smith
My writing enjoyment began in a creative writing class in college.  I have also enjoyed technical writing; especially when the writing follows along with the solution to some problem.  In such cases...
Or it may be to display his amazing insights to someone in the group that he was really interested in.
There is the possibility of another perspective here regarding our ENTP growing preference for non-fiction.  Anthropologist James Fernandez wrote a chapter in his book, Persuasions and...
Currently, I have around 80 books on or within 4 feet of my desk.  Two are fiction.  Twenty years ago, it probably would have been a large fiction majority.  Except for engineering, chemistry. math...
I am on the other end of my life.  Looking back, I worked for three employers and myself for the last 16 years.  The thought of settling down as described in the OP still bothers me.  Any particular...
In Finding Flow: The Psychology of Engagement with Everday Life, Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi (apparently pronounced chick-sent-me high) has a chapter on the autotelic (literally self goal) personality. ...
The instant before the first transaction Gray's balance sheet Horse - 60$ and cash of 20$.  Net worth - $80  After the final transaction Gray's balance sheet  Horse - 90$ and cash 0f $0.  Net worth...
Animated Inventor  Confidence 98  (No! Really? My wife thinks my confidence comes across understated) Openness 98  Extroversion 96b (This one ws a surprise.) Empathy 10 Trust in others 98 ...
It sure would be nice if there was a recipe.  I googled the number of journal articles on leadership.  Between 1986 and 1996, there were 17,200!  Does it sound like anybody has a clue about...
I've seen the palpable fear objectivists have of the subjective, or rather the ridicule and belittlement of other objectivists.  I have seen the similar fear in subjectivists of the purely objective....
I think we're stuck in that never ending quandry between objectivism and subjectivism along with the notion that there is no other choice.  There is no other choice - or is there?
ENTP - Paul following Christian (non-denom is its own denom nowdays). Raised agnostically.
In the days before laser pointer, we had the telescoping variety.  People would collapse and expand them nervously while giving the equivalent of a power point presentation.  They would play with one...
I don't accept that INTPs have difficulty gaining tacit knowledge.  I suspect that they/we (I'm borderline - but I am Ne-dom except when I am writing theoretical stuff - strongly INTP) have...
If you think of love as a collaborative work of art where art is merely a possession for display then I can see how you get to illusion.  However, if you and the significant other are the...
hammersklavier and LemursGT,  I am perceiving that INTP is not only what you are but also who you are and want to be.  If so, I'd say the self fulfilling prophecy is working.  I hope that I'm...
LemursGT,  Of course, the analogy falls short.  The bicycle can't refuse to be ridden, and is not self-aware.  That does not mean that you are prevented from deciding that you want to master human...
hammersklavier and LemursGT,  Let me me switch to Ti ;).  Tell me how you know how to ride a bike.  You just know.  Its called tacit knowledge.  Tacit knowledge comprises things you know, but...
You don't begin by writing a thread about it. :laughing:  Just begin.  Learn by doing.
I knew a guy that intended to get a double major in chemical and electrical engineering in two years.  He had junior stnding after one. Then he discovered women.  It took three more years to get a...
Whoa! Surprisingly close fit right on down the line.
I took Keys 2 Cognition - Cognitive Processes
Ne Ti Ni Te Se here.  I am in the throes of writing a book, so at present Ne and Ti are switched.
Lets consider a different metaphor for argument.  Say: argument is a journey.  It works because we say things like: - We have set out to prove... -  When we get to the next point... -  We will...
Stuck there in the Bible in Romans 10:4 is this:  Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to everyone that believeth.  Go a little bit further and you'll find that the law ministers...
We use metonymy when we say and act like debate and argument is war.  With the war metphor, the outcomes are win, lose or draw.  I think what you see above is that many ENTPs get into debate as a...
Trait  Score Percentile
I learned long ago that the most likely debate outcome is putting a person down.  The next most likely  is related to: A man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still.  As a result ,...
006 said:  I just sound bi polar or worse seems like one of those stupid women who are intrigued by ambiguity and unstable relationships. Shoot me now, please.  At your age, the inferior function...
006,  Lawyers are predators.  You identify with predators based upon your avatar.  If that's the way you go, then you represent the legacy of the first predator who asked, Hath God said...?  Your...
I wonder why a bear would want to slow himself down with chainsaw arms?  My guess is the artist has no concept of the utility of of paws and claws.  If the artist is aware of that then chainsws don't...
I traded in high salary for autonomous life.  During my early professional career, I maintained flexibility to do something else.
Sexual 






 62%   Social 




 42%
Coomitment phobe?  - wrong metaphor.  You're in uncharted territory.  Just beyond the horizon in any direction you want to pick you'll find the unknown and the unknown bothers you.  Think of crossing...
I think in terms of a comfort-discomfort scale.
The wind blowing outside my office.
But woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye shut up the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye neither go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in.  - ...
Been there done that, and they can keep the T-shirt.  I came to an understanding after viewing a long period of my life.  WE ENTPs ARE POLYCHRONIC!!!  Go find the definition if you must, but it...
006,  So the initial issue related to a cost/benefit analysis of a relationship has morphed into something quite different.
Accuracy?  Obviously, I never checked out the validity.  When I check personal emails, I get ENTP without fail.  When I check my management consulting work I get INTJ (weak I and J) - the more...
Gut instinct since I can remember.  My first recollection of such a thing was about 10 years old.  I don't believe its a judging thing at all.  It has nothing to do with whether a person is good or...
006,  All that I've seen on this thread sounds like you are an ENTJ wannabe who is an ESFJ.  But don't take my word for it.  Check out this thread...
My ISTJ wife pushes me to make ideas reachable by anybody.  Then she jumps to these infernal conclusions which require clarification.  She's great at it.  She developed the skill while working with a...
Think fractal.  I'm older than all of the posters so far, and I still look at the same horizon as you all.  What's beyond the horizon?  Among other things, more horizon.  What's over the horizon is...'"


1463: I think Grace is the most balanced ESFP I have ever seen. I absolutely adore her! I could see Tyler as ESFJ, but that's just a guess.
No.
I personally wouldn't say I need lots of alone time (well, obviously I do, everyone does), but it's just that a lot of people don't seem to get my ideas and the way I think. My mind is all over the...
Always have and always will :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JQhZSTgonM  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3B77s3x-XoY&amp;list=PL353571ACAD1B22FF&amp;index=5
I'm not Irish, but I live in Ireland, does it count? :kitteh:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xfKU31v3Hc Bastille made a shitty song into an awesome song.
http://24.media.tumblr.com/c60e2a065dc6765b00a8b5defa824052/tumblr_ms8tao2VDX1r11peso1_1280.jpg  Haven't posted for a while, so here's a selfie. Because I'm vain like that. And also I really love...
http://31.media.tumblr.com/626b3daadb6114ec10ace6fcac8a6b45/tumblr_mphaws0hBN1r11peso1_500.png I'm ginger again hell yeaaaah
I'm moving to Ireland??!!!! How did this happen what is my life what is happening right now
No, you're the only one.
I hate how BPD is like a synonym for a lunatic!   But yeah. I'm sorry for you, I guess? Or rather, sorry for the girl. I hope she gets help.
Thank you :kitteh:
http://i49.tinypic.com/166zynk.jpg I have no idea why my hair looks black.
I don't know about their MBTI types, but I'd say that Alice is probably Enneagram type 4.
<3
danisnotonfire has said that he's an extrovert. Why a J? I see him more as a P.  Does Joey has a video about it? I'd like to see it!  I really don't see her as INFJ either... But I mean, she...
DailyGrace (<3) - Probably ESFP JennaMarbles -  ESTP charlieissocoollike - INFP danisnotonfire - Either ENFP or ENTP, but definitely 4w3. Or 4w5 iJustine - ISFP grav3yardgirl - ESFP...
So I absolutely *MUST* be ENFP. Like, totally
I realized about two weeks ago that I'm actually an ENTP, and not an ENFP, so I thought it would be only natural to post my face here.  http://i49.tinypic.com/2sam2hz.png  HELLO!
I'm not bisexual, but... How do people know they're straight either?
Probably more like Ti than Fi. I mean, I usually observe situations before I go into them, and I just have to figure situations out before I can relax.
You could braid my hair! :3 ... is this creepy?
I know, but I'm like 51-60% Thinker or a Feeler, so I think that I need some help with this. It's hard to think my life objectively when I relate both to Ti and Fi.   [/COLOR][/COLOR] Maybe I'll...
Well, do you get your energy from people or from your thoughts? Do you get drained and tired in a social situation? How much do you need alone time?
I CAN'T FOCUS, YOUR SIGNATURE IS HYPNOTIZING ME  But thank you for the video! I'm pretty sure I'm an ENTP now, but I'm still not 100% sure. ENFP just seems wrong somehow.  drmiller100 , how is...
Thanks for your answers! So, maybe I've been an ENTP all along!  I'm still wondering what would a 7w6 ENTP look like compared to 7w8 ENFP.
Hello there!  L'Empereur , it's a PRS :) it's not mine though!
OVER THE KNEE SOCKS. I'm in love.  http://data.whicdn.com/images/34504305/tumblr_lykyypsZdv1r8y5qio1_500_large.jpg ...
That's a lot of reading, thank you!  Tru7h , here you go, the questionnaire.
So, I did this thread earlier today. Check it out if you haven't already, it might clear things up a bit!  But here's the questionnaire:  0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer...
http://i50.tinypic.com/15wnitz.jpg My dimples finally decided to show up in a picture!
Oh, this was quite helpful, sir!  It's hard to tell whether I'm a Ti or Fi user. I really, honestly can't tell, they both sound so familiar to me. That's why I'm wondering if it's possible to just...
I know, that's why I'm confused!   I don't take MBTI tests nowadays, but I do take cognitive functions-tests. According to them, I'm ENTP or ENTJ. I was just wondering that would a 7w6 ENTP seem...
Lately I have been reading about cognitive functions more, and they are starting to make sense to me. Now that I understand cognitive functions better, I'm pretty sure that I'm a borderline...
... know how to write circular Gallifreyan
Oh hell yeah. I'm always daydreaming, I pretty much live in my own fantasy world. I'm pretty sure it's a Ne-thing though.
... you watch this and immediately think of 5-6 people!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVoCJJFuS60
http://i48.tinypic.com/3442pg3.jpg It has been a while
On a scale from 1-10 how:  1. Happy are you? Right now, about 6. Every other day, about 8. 2. Socially skilled are you? Depends on my mood, 7 to 10 3. Lazy are you? 10!  4. Emotional are you?...
For me the best way to get me study is to make it FUN! Try to find a way to make studying fun together. What courses is she failing?
I am an ENFP, and today I ate candy for breakfast and decided to learn to write with my left hand.
http://i46.tinypic.com/ebbl0w.jpg O_O
I immediately thought of ESTP, too.
I can't believe this, I have only written like 300-400 words. I have been way too busy! And I have a writer's block, haha. Plus I actually kind of forgot about this whole thing.   I'm writing a...
http://data.whicdn.com/images/33737387/tumblr_m7w2ttAMGP1qc3d2ho1_500_large.jpg Everything about this guy.
Oh, really? I though that was impossible! Shy? ENFP? Really? I have been so wrong. Hehe.  I'm shy too :-)
You don't. We find you!
:kitteh: WELCOME :kitteh:
http://i47.tinypic.com/xaz57m.jpg I had a crazy hair day"


1499: '7w6 sp/so  1) ENFP 64% 2) ENTP 8% 3) INFP 8%
ENTP - yellow and silver.  My signature links to a website of personality profiles based on favourite colours. I don't know if those profiles are based on real research but colour psychology is a...
From the interpretation guidelines they send when you pay:
I love having conversations with them, because they're knowledgeable and not afraid to be opinionated about topics they know well (though some of them also about topics they don't, which is...
Like this, I think?   (From 1 minute 15)  https://youtu.be/Nn7d6Bnbr28
Yes, but only at average and unhealthy levels, where Sevens get anxious about getting bored before they're even bored. The fear of getting bored can suck joy out of things, making a self-fulfilling...
JackSepticEye - 6w7  Markiplier - 3w2 so/sx LordMinion777 - 9w8 CrankGamePlays - 7w6 Tyler Scheid - cp 6w5  Joe Jo - 3w4 Matt Dillahunty - 8w9 Marlene Mc'cohen - 3w2, maybe 2w3
Entertain myself, it's no big deal.
I've done the opposite. I have ADHD but still used to identify as a Five, but ever since I got over the social anxiety and depression caused by being on the autism spectrum and not having had a...
5w6
I'm highly conflict avoidant with people I have any kind of existing bond with unless we're close enough that it's safe (like family I live with), and do all the typical Nine things in response to...
Those are just lists of different possible reasons for not liking it, I think, not personality profiles.
You forgot to vote, Jay. :)
ENTP-ONLY POLL PLEASE.  DON'T READ THE DESCRIPTIONS BEFORE CHOOSING.   Pick up to 3, and share how accurate you think the descriptions are for you.  ...
Entp, IT
That's pretty common for Nines.
Couple of months ago, after an argument. It usually is bad arguments that make me cry, probably because I'm a Nine. Oddly, other things can make me feel at least as distressed yet I don't cry, I...
The only trend I notice is F. I think everyone I've ever had a crush on has been an F.
It's true Ne does not lend itself to common sense. Also anybody on the autism spectrum, because that too involves a lack of common sense (i.e. rapid or unconscious use of relevant contextual...
ISTP. I don't think they know what a fuck is or how to give one.
Interesting, we don't have that stereotype in the UK and I'm pretty sure that's because there is genuinely no correlation here, whereas there probably is due to confounding variables in some...
INTx = high functioning autism and high functioning autism = INTx  I don't know where this stereotype comes from, but it's certainly not from time spent around large numbers of real life autistic...
In the ten years since I've known about the Enneagram, I've thought my core was One, Four, Five and Six, and seriously considered Seven. Just like a typical Nine. :P  Four is the only one of those...
Nine 618282  9w8 618266
Wow that is a dishonest reply. You accused me personally as an individual of being in denial, purely because I was an ENTP and therefore you thought it MUST be true of me. What annoyed me was that...
I don't know what any MBTI type subforum is like, I rarely look in them. Were I to judge both the ENTP forum and your social behaviour based purely on your words in this thread, I would guess that...
Rude. :mad: We're just having a pleasant discussion and you suddenly start hostile accusations about the motives of someone you've never even met? If my motive were denial, as you imply, why on Earth...
My personality changes into pure unbridled Se. I seem to have none the rest of the time.
I don't look in that forum much so I don't know. But I do think our need to be right, combined with our particular sense of humour, can be mistaken for a need to be cool, especially online.
I think that's just the ENTPs who are Threes, as many are. I'm a Nine and don't care about being popular, and I only put anyone down to make that same individual laugh, not out of competitiveness or...
You talk yourself hoarse every time you spend 6 or more hours with friends or family.
Nah, you're confusing wanting to be cool with just plain *being* cool. We consider it a burden, actually. :cool:
Five would have the strongest compulsion to gain knowledge, so I agree they would pretend in order to do so, though they would also find it more painful to pretend to believe things they thought were...
ESFP ISTJ I don't think that has anything to do with MBTI, but on the Enneagram: Nine
I don't seek attention, it comes as a side effect of seeking stimulation.
I correctly guessed you were Enneagram Six from your first post in this thread and it sounds like your friend is probably one as well. That is likely why you share the traits you describe.
ENTP, do you ever wonder if we're not as funny, charismatic and interesting as we think we are? No, me neither. :tongue:
I used to be the same, when I had social anxiety. When I'm not shy, I don't have to think about what to say first, it just comes out. I've heard that described as the central difference between...
I've seen research posted here before that introverts and extraverts actually BOTH have higher levels of energy after socialising. Could the belief that introverts get drained by social interaction...
I do that online AND offline. I'm practicing not doing it offline but it's really hard.
Yeah, just do what the ESFPs do and use your avatar to remind everybody of the one fictional character of your type who isn't either incredibly annoying or incredibly stupid.
ENTP: arguing with teachers. Only when they got angry with me first though, because as a Nine I hate falling out with anyone I previously had any kind of positive interaction with, so I can only risk...
I get along well with most people of any type, but I tend to feel the most at ease most quickly with Twos and other Nines. Three is my security point and when I'm getting a buzz out of being in that...
I don't buy the anti-Three propaganda about Threes supposedly building their self-image entirely from other people's view of them. It doesn't match my experience of obvious Threes at all, or of how I...
I can be a pushover, but I don't know if it's Fe or because I'm an Enneagram Nine. Dominant Fe definitely does not make someone a pushover in my experience, and I don't know why tertiary Fe would.
2: Don't take their positive attention personally. Meaning, don't assume they're actually interested in what you're talking about or totally happy to do everything they do for you, however...
Definitely Sanguine, with the next-closest being Phlegmatic.  I'm a 9w1 so/sp ENTP.
I'd be interested if there is any actual truth in it but I can't see  see musical tastes ever being part of Enneagram research. Most anecdotal observations turn out to be false and shouldn't be taken...
That could just be your Ni perspective-shifting and redefining, without being a core emotional strategy as similar habits are for people in the Positive Outlook triad.
I have read that aversion to portrayals of violence and also gore/disfigurement more generally is correlated with empathy, which makes sense.   I'm extremely averse to both violence and...'"


1517: 1.  My initial reaction would probably be a combination of confusion and frustration. I would think that the sudden change is a sign that she had been hiding something, which I would dislike...
Entp 793.
ESTP would be my guess.  ENFP, maybe?  Hmm, ENTJ?  My  first thought is ESTJ.  Possibly ESFJ?
Most: 379, with 7 being the strongest of the three. Least: Probably 146
Male and most likely 7-9-3.
I'm like 99.99% sure that your supposed Enneagram Tritype is impossible. Although I do wonder what a 7w1 would be like.
Just a random guess  Mom: ENTJ Dad: ESTP Eddie: ISFP
ExTP  TML to cosplay at an anime convention?
Interesting system. I think I relate most to type D, although I'm not entirely what my second type would be.
I'm not sure. I associate 2, 3, 7, and 8 with being more extroverted and 1, 4, 5, and 9 with being more introverted, and I guess maybe it would surprise me to see a T that a type 2 or 4, or an F...
I honestly don't remember WTF I was thinking. Admittedly I'm not very good with Enneagram types, but 8w9 still seems like a bizarre guess for him...
By this point, I can't recall my reasoning for typing him INTP,  but I agree with your analysis. He doesn't rally seem like much of an I or a T, so ENFP fits much better.
Having recently rewatched the first season on Netflix, I'm going to do an update on this:  Tai: ESTP Matt: INFJ Sora: ENFJ Izzy: INTP Mimi: ESFP Joe: ISTJ TK: ENFP Kari: INFP
GLaDOS: INTJ Chell: ISTP Wheatley: ENFP Cave Johnson: ENTP Caroline: ISFJ
Tai: ESFP Matt: ISFJ Sora: ENFJ Izzy: INTP Mimi: ESFP Joe: ISTJ TK: ENFP Kari: INFP
Yeah, I could also see him as an ISFJ.
Yeah, that is possible. It's hard to tell if a lot of let's players are introverts or extraverts, because they usually commentate by themselves. All I can tell is that he seems to be less introverted...
She's defiantly an ExTJ.
Wait, Drake is an F? I thought it was more along the lines of:  Drake: ESTP Josh: ISFJ Megan: ENTJ Crazy Steve: ENFP
Alex: ESTP Justin: ESTJ Max: ESFP Jerry: ISFJ? Theresa: ESFJ Harper: ENFP Mason: ISFP Zeke: ENFJ
Jeff: ESTP Britta: INFP Abed: INTP Shirley: ESFJ Annie: ISFJ Troy: ENFP Pierce: ESTJ Craig: ENFP Ben: ENFJ
Emma: ISTP Henry: ENFP Snow/Mary: ISFP Charming/David: ISFJ Regina: INFP Rumplestiltskin/Mr. Gold: I was thinking INTJ, but reading some comments here has convinced me he's an INFJ. Red/Ruby:...
Merida: ESFP, I think Se fits her a lot more than Ne.  Elinor: ESFJ Fergus: ESTP
Based on these descriptions I think I'm a 7w6(sw6w5)-9w8(sw8w7)-3w2(sw2w1).
Various Let's Players:  Chuggaaconroy: ENFP ProtonJon: ISTP NintendoCapriSun: INFJ JoshJepson: ENTP Lucahjin: ESFP Pcull: ENTP SuperJeenius: INTP AttackingTucans: ENFP
Barney - ExTP Marshall - ENFP Lily - ENFJ? Ted - ESFJ Robin - xSTP
Woody: ESTJ Buzz: ESTP Andy:ENFP Sid: ISTP Mr. Potato Head: ISTP Mrs. Potato Head: ESFJ Rex: ESFP Jesse: ESFP Hamm: ENTP Slinky: ISFJ
Rachel: ESFP Monica: ESxJ Chandler: ENTP Joey: ESFP Ross: IxTJ Phoebe: ENFP
I would say:  Carly: ESFJ Freddie: INTP Sam: ESTP Spencer: ENFP  Gibby: ESFP Freddie's mom: ISFJ
Ralph: ESFP Felix: ESFJ Calhoun: ESTJ Vanellope: ENTP King Candy: ENTJ
YES! Don't let this thread die!
Yeah, I'll trade with you for a day, just to see what it's like being a type 1.
Nah, I just bend the rules. :wink:
Well, other than friend requests, I still haven't looked at my notifications yet. :proud:
I just realized that this thread was moved to spam world. :laughing:
Well, now I'm back on I have 150 notifications. :tongue:
ok im going to bed now! Im even closing my laptop and everything! Good night! For freaking real this time!
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Yeah, I can't seem to keep my promises. :laughing:
OK, I have to give everybody one last mention before bed:    Nucky    Navi     Nucky    Navi    Nucky @ NavI   Lots of hugs from    Mr. Meepers for :    enmity and    Pastiche and    Maybe and   ...
Dammit, why am I still on here? OK, NOW I'm going to bed. For real this time.
And that's 100! Good night everybody!
Let's!   Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky  Nucky ...
Come on! Just 6 more notification & I can go to sleep!
Just 8 more notifications & I'll be at 100! Then I should go to sleep...
You need more  Navi NaviMENTION=38544]Navi[/MENTION] Navi Navi NaviMENTION=38544]Navi[/MENTION] Navi!
Pastiche Because awesomeness!
My account not working is the best thing that's ever happened to me!
Right now I have 69 notifications. :wink:
No problem  Nucky!"


1523: 'I try to have a uniform.   For work, I have nice skirt suits and shirts, all neutral colors. Nothing too overtly feminine, I find it annoying. Especially when the same women wearing a pink polka...
What I analyze most:   how weird people must think I am All the ways I am unlike ESFJs How much I want to tell ESFJs to shut up Patriarchal societies Different religions How to make the most...
This is my dream guy. This is exactly how I would like to handle all of my arguments. Beautiful.  I grew up with two INTJ parents, so I never really witnessed emotional arguing in public. More...
To all INFPs... Males especially.  I am dating an amazingggg INFP. Everything is going fabulously. We have not had a fight yet. I am terrified to know what will happen when we do have a fight. I am...
I have been very open about how I express my feeling side with him - and how I am self conscious about coming off as cold or too blunt. Also how sometimes I get upset and I have no idea why, or...
I'm interested in your perspective: How do you think the ENTP/INFP dynamic would change if its a female ENTP and male INFP?  Strange combo I know, as both types are rare. But I find myself in a...
See, that's what I'm afraid of... Don't play the player hahaha
Find an ENTP girl. They are the most introverted of E types, and they find you to be soooooo amazing. As an ENTP girl, I always try to find nice guys. I have NEVER been attracted to the asshole,...
All my INTP ex-boyfriend used to listen to was Bruce Springsteen.   Bruceeeeee!!!!
I often use the word irrelevant. I find many shallow people to not be worth my time. But then I realize how evil this sounds...  I firmly believe that I should be loving everyone, regardless of...
She's fucking awesome when she's not actively passively aggressively trying to push you away.  I think I have said several ex-boyfriends say this... Maybe you are right.... :)
Are INFJ guys players? I just went out with this guy and realized he was definitely dating around and it really turned me off. He just got divorced so I am guessing he is just having a little...
First, hear her side of the story out. ENTJ women want you to know their side of things, and they expect their side of things to be acknowledged and FULLY understood first. I am guessing that her...
Someone who isn't afraid of conflict, and makes me feel safe.
Why does this ENTP seem to withdraw in Skype-text after a fun day together?   I get exhausted after being around someone for a long time. I need to relax and process and get my thoughts together,...
When you put it THAT way... I am a 7w8 all the way.  This is confusing.
My female boss is an ISTJ and we get along SO well! It's funny, because we are total opposites (I love the gray vs. black&white comparison). We clicked instantly. She is straight and to the point,...
Brilliant. Love you INFJs.
I/E by how they look at other people  S/N is hard! But if they are in conversation I can spot intuitives because they are more in their head and they smile to themselves a lot. You can tell there...
The Thats Illogical Variant -continuous questioning of the other person to gather info -then disregards the other person's feelings and morals as illogical I identify with this the most. I am...
Sometimes I like to obsessively clean. Or...  cook a five course steak dinner, explore a city, stay up all night researching space, come up with 20 different business plans, create reading lists so...
Yes, EXACTLY. The only problem I have encountered with guys with Se physicality is that they never seem to have the level of intuition to have great conversation... and I don't find S humor very...
I have different zones for different things.   I have an artistic zone when I paint - which is probably  the closest thing to mania that I experience. I get this crazy high feeling and feverishly...
I don't have kids, but I definitely am the friend that tells my other girl friends to toughen up and stand up for themselves in bad relationships, job interviews, etc. (actually, I tell the same...
Who seems like they are hiding more?  The INTP sitting alone at home finishing off a case of beer and watching SNL reruns, analyzing the text they sent to a girl last week.  or  The ENTP with a...
Warning: Initially the most open, fun, and exciting person you will ever meet. Will establish intimacy and intrigue stronger than you have ever had before with another person. Then one day they will...
I am having this exact same dilemma. I thinkkk I am a 8w7. I am sx/so/sp. I am playful and witty but deep down I am very serious and intentional. I have very strong values and I am very bothered by...
Hi! I am an ENTP female too! Let's chat!
Intelligent guys are usually intimidated by me... Or maybe I am not attracted to them because they have always relied on their intelligence and not their physical dominance - and I am really into...
I would like to think he is an ENTP...  He is an ENTP in his existential/ minimalist philosophies that are definitely not sensing characteristics. He is very big picture in whatever he does......
:happy:
Self-Improvement is masturbation. Tyler Durden - Fight club  x93There are two kinds of pain. The sort of pain that makes you strong, or useless pain. The sort of pain thatx92s only suffering. I have...
I just finished grad school - that led to an awesome career in business. I liked school, but that was because I focused on the classes and learning methods I enjoyed (case studies, debates, theory,...
Thank you for your insight! Your son sounds like a great kid. Get him involved in sports and he will be an excellent leader from his dedication and enthusiasm!   I am also a very physical, sporty...
I absolutely do not think that intuitive people are smarter than sensors (not really wanting to get into that debate). In fact, I am very jealous of sensors, which is one of the reasons why I...
Haha yes, old thread.   And yes, the loyalty really is attractive. Trust is never easy for me so I think that ride-or-die commitment is a must in whoever I date - as I am a bit afraid of commitment...
This sounds EXACTLY my my relationship with an ESTP guy.   Pros: We are totally partners in crime, goofy, ambitious, fun and adventure-seeking. He brings me more into the moment and reminds me not...
Well... about 3 weeks into hanging out with this ISFP guy. I have been having tons of fun in a friend kind of way, casually flirting here and there (which I do with everyone), and then I find out...
I am a female ENTP and I am majorly into this ISFP guy that I just met. He is soooo sweet. The word that instantly came to mind was adorable, but in a sexy masculine way. He actually listens to me...
This could not be more accurate!!! My boyfriend is an ESTP (im an ENTP) and this describes him exactly. We have a great friendship, love exploring new things, meeting new people, and playing sports...'"


1537: 'Oh god yeah it just reminds me of when I was a snotty pretentious hipster in high school. Sometimes I go back and look at Facebook statuses from back then and just shudder XD.
The Harry Potter kind of Slytherin: trollin hard in other houses xD
It's sports + nationalism. That combination gets me every time. Cried at the end of the last Canada-US hockey game at Vancouver too.
I always wish I were more perfectionist, but that never happens. It's something that I beat myself up about sometimes, that I'm really good at improvising and covering my ass, so I never feel...
If you both are attracted to each other, I'm not sure what the problem is. To understand the amount that the N/S divide will affect the two of you, you really just have to try it out.
The movie was Lagaan (Lagaan - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia), aka the most epic sports movie ever.
So my INTP girlfriend and I (ENTP) were watching a movie today, and I cried at the end. She's been teasing me tirelessly since about actually being an ENFP or INFP or something. According to her,...
So my INTP girlfriend and I (ENTP) were watching a movie today, and I cried at the end. She's been teasing me tirelessly since about actually being an ENFP or INFP or something. According to her,...
So my INTP girlfriend and I were watching a movie today, and I cried at the end. She's been teasing me tirelessly since about actually being an ENFP or INFP or something. According to her, I've...
INTPs and INTJs are really brittle - not quite the same but close!
I think he honestly believed in it, more in a sense of 'events occur unexplained by modern physics and these are some other ideas' than anything else. although when I went back to visit him once he...
Yeah, this age thing seems to be a recurring event. When I was a freshman in college I once walked in on the first day of class and everyone thought I was the professor xD. Which is funny cause I'm...
Haha, it was after the AP Exam (for those not from the US, AP classes are kind of like IB classes, but easier and specifically geared towards earning college class credits), and we were just goofing...
I don't think expressing Fe (or having feelings xD) is that antithetical to being an ENTP. Just because we're NTs doesn't mean we're robots!  I mean, I would say a care a lot about other people,...
My AP Physics teacher in high school taught us about Dowsing, Auras, and made us watch The Secret in class. Just saying.
INTP for the longest time, but no one I ever talked to believe that I'd be an introvert xD. I think I was just in denial about how awesome I was . . .
If you read carefully instead of just looking at the title, you'd see I was asking why People don't suggest ENTPs as the smartest NTs, NOT why ENTPs are the dumb NT. I'm interested in the appearance,...
Which proves that he wants friends. And what's wrong with giving someone what they want?
Hey, hey, I just mean I wouldn't endorse the same value judgments, not that there was anything wrong with yours.  I would just prefer to phrase the problem at hand in terms of what he ought to do...
So this is annoying because I would have to quote the quote to get your responses, but imma gonna try anyways xD.  I usually try to frame my advice to the person, and it seems like Hawkx *actively...
I guess I see only a very, very small number of my friends as close friends, so my 'facebook friend' count is far away enough that I don't really think of them as friends.  Also, I regularly cull...
Sometimes you meet people and you don't get the chance to exchange numbers - then if you want to meet up again or invite them to something. Facebook represents a convenient way to be public without...
AHAHAHAHAHA. This is why I love you guys :laughing:
Haven't you ever had a time when you were like, Damn, I really need to contact X, but I don't have their info ? Facebook makes it easy to 1) look people up by name and affiliation, and 2) send them...
Humor. Makes jokes at your expense, about just how terribly awesome your knowledge base is. What you want to do is 1) lighten the mood so they don't see it as an attack on their ego that you're...
Some people like me also use Facebook as a glorified rolodex and messaging engine, so I have a lot of 'friends' purely for the purpose of having their contact information and being able to...
I was talking to an INTP friend of mine, when she came up to me and said, I figured out how to deal with INTJs. I'm like, how, and she's like, Just make them think that they've won and I'm like,...
I feel like this all the time too, and I think it's why I started trolling. Then you can say whatever, and if it doesn't go over well, you can just play it off ('i was just kidding', 'psych!', etc.)...
INTJs are so much fun! It's like a puzzle to find the little chinks in their big show of competence and rationality, and then proceeding to poke them there relentlessly until they're reduced to a...
Yeah, I have friends who have known and been best friends with people since kindergarten, and that just blows my mind. Something that helps is keeping a large circle of acquaintances/friends at any...
I walk away for like an hour and just knew this was going to happen . . .   God ENTPs this is why I love us :D.
I've seen a few NT circle jerks about which type is the 'smartest' / 'most intelligent', most intellectual', etc... and I'll usually see the INTPs and INTJs going at it, with a few suggestions for...
See, what you've got to do is make fun of people for the things that bother you.   If you just state it out loud, it creates unnecessary tension and people see YOU as the bad guy. If you just...
I'm still not sure what the problem with propaganda is. If it helps people live happy, fulfilling, *good* lives, what's wrong with telling a noble lie here and there to help everybody get along and...
I don't think I could ever be satisfied with just sitting by and watching society, with all the of the ills and misfortunes that fall upon people every day, and do nothing. Maybe I'm just a massive...
I think you're on the right track here; the kind of mental state that crying people have is basically impossible to reason with. So focusing on getting them out of that state of mind, through humor...
Yup. I just can't help trying to help and comfort the people I care about. I'm *such* a scumbag :D.
Usually I find yelling at them until they stop crying and making jokes works pretty well. When people are crying, they're usually emotionally vulnerable, so it's a great opportunity to come in and...
Find a hobby or a scene with a lot of NT's, and eventually you'll find someone capable of having a conversation about a libertarian revolution with you. You'll have to wade through the chaff to get...
INTPs are great! They're bad at feeling so I can get all the crap Fe out of my system without them giving a shit :D. Then we continue being awesome.
I always used to be the kind of guy who never shared anything, but then I figured that if I appreciate being straightforward in all other parts of my life, I might as well be straightforward with my...
People always talk about how kids appreciate it if you treat them like adults. My personal strategy is just to let myself be a kid xD. And it works!
Yeah, that sense of satisfaction or full knowledge always eludes me when I read religious texts, but I don't think I could ever really get rid of the voice in the back of my head asking, Really? I...
I come from a completely non-religious background (my parents grew up during the Cultural Revolution), but after reading some Christian texts in school (Genesis, Augustine's Confessions, some works...
one of my best friends is an ENTJ, and it's a pretty great dynamic. I can be an absolute scumbag to him and he can play along, and he can be a total dick to me and I don't give a fuck.
he may be a programmer, but is he a BROGRAMMER???
ENTPs are obviously the ones who invented the game. Just sayin.
What . . .  ENTPs are like the sweetest things on earth! So much flipping Fe coming out of us, you just can't handle how much we love humanity! Remember, no matter how bad we get, we're always just...
Emotions: easy to fake, difficult to find for real.
Leave it to the ENTJ to pull out the Aristotle :P'"


1540: 'Right, I don't see that we're disagreeing so much.  when really they are just a product of their culture of that time.   I say this all the time, I'm sure I've posted it in this forum...
I have had 2 best friends my entire life, ISF(T)J and INTP/J. I am not so sure on them because I have known them for 15 years (we're 24/25), so I think because we're all quite diverse and lived in...
I don't understand this. Can you explain?  From what I'm aware, one can have an open idea of what it means to learn. If you tell someone you are either born intelligent or you're not, that person...
I think this is all that needs to be said.  On a further note, the question itself is flawed yes, but, the idea of the question in the test is, I imagine What does your mind go to first? (It does...
I think you mean, 'Teeming', not teething.   But as an aside, I think intelligence is subjective and there are many intelligences, all worth something (But I do understand what you mean, and I do...
Confessions:  I usually hate 'the little things' in life. Taking a bath, massages, eating some 'really' nice food. I don't even know why. Is it just mundane? Is it just a distraction away from life...
Snoop Dogg it...Drop it like it's hot.  That's what I do.
Literally continuously glad I am not American, Ireland is no cake walk, but if I compare it to America...  The idea of people being so rich makes me sick, and I'd rather live in a shack.   It's...
Interesting, it's a wonder.. I imagined Tel Aviv to be pretty tech-y recently though. However I guess that Army makes sense, so fucking glad I don't do that, if I were in the Army I'do go insane.
I like to consider myself a good driver too, however is anticipating things like that not just an example of NeTi, seeing patterns and stuff?  I understand what you mean though, drivers can be...
Ooooh! I'm the exact same. Limitations are the worst ever. Limitations about what people expect of me  (societal pressure, please.), or doing drugs or something (I want the freedom to know I can do...
I was kind of unsure about mentioning, but I guess yes, the soft handed approach doesn't seem to be working. Everyone else has basically said it as well I guess (Right?)   I'm always wary of that...
Sorry for the ENTP intrusion, but..  1) You shouldn't feel evil, I can see why you think that you are. Coming from a personal who basically lacks introspections feeling wise, I hardly ever feel...
There were so many offensive things in this, it was a struggle to read. (Stereotypes)  Are there not any other ENTP bi/gays? I always imagined we were pretty loose anyway considering, well I am,...
Self portrait avatar (Me trying to get in touch with my Fi) Name I've had for ages, it later became the name of a medical firm or something... No interesting story. :P
Both. Sometimes, I guess I may be bored with something but it's fairly close so I can just chuck on and finally get it to be finished. If it's for an assignment, whether I'm bored or not I know I...
I just wanted to pop this in again, my INTJ/P Artist friend said to me many years ago that he can probably understand everything if he wants (he's pertty intelligent, and weird) but with Art, the...
When you mention FeSi, could you say an example about that?   I also was typed as ENFP when I was 18. But little did I know how my world would change in the following years. Also because everyone...
I often feel like I'm very independent, but I'm not as much in terms of money/house/job etc., I could be, I was, but I'm not always, which is something my mother very much wants for me. However, I...
I used to draw a lot (Studied Animation), it took me a lot of time to finish anything, but normally I'll get bored and stop 3/4 way through painting.  Normally, because in art I'll work with large...
Isn't that going to be incredibly difficult for an ENTP? I know it's difficult for me. >.<  There are a lot of art house-y kind of films that are interesting and he may be interested in, films...
Wow this is difficult, I'll give my two cents though..  Maybe don't focus on rules and focus on morals?   When I was young, I knew what was right and what was wrong, and I was/am very righteous....
Chandler from friends (and like a load of other people) says he covers up emotion with sarcasm and humour.. he's supposed to be like ENTP (dunno myself...)  I'm sure we're not the only type that...
I was kind of exaggerating a bit, I mean, I'm actually good for following rules and never got in trouble in school at all (Such a good boy :3). I just thought the extreme to think that one who hates...
This was super hilarious and interesting when it was said to me.  So, I have a total aversion to control, that in fact, it drives me to do a lot of things, to escape control. Which in turn, is like...
Actually, that's a way I had not thought of. I'd certainly say I like to make my life hard for myself, self challenging, interesting... However, once I believe I have 'mastered' something like...
How do you know he is an ISFJ?  Is there not the chance he just wants to hook up with people for a while, and yes, as someone else said, is himself actually insecure...?   If he's afraid of...
Do you ever find yourself hijacking conversations? I've had this issue with ESFJ and ISFJs on many occasions (I'm very accustomed to XSFJs, most of my friends are one of these)  I'll give you the...
I had an argument with my mother today (ISFJ). The low down is, I'm unemployed at the moment, and whenever anything like this happens (Maybe I dunno what to do in college or whatever) she gets mega...
I cannot ever say Aych Dee Tee Vee, it must be Haych Dee Tee Vee. Personally I've only seen this in British contexts, but I'm happy to know if there is an actual rule and not just a personal one. ...
Nicely worded. Much appreciated, I can agree with that.
Gender: male Age: 11-21 (24, could act like a 21 year old though..) Intelligence: superior (Well, I don't know about that) Idea adoption: conservative (Holy Lord.. No) MBTI personality profile:...
So, do you say AN HDTV or A HDTV? ;)
I feel I have this with my parents, constantly.     That sounds really bad. Though, grandfather.. Never had one while I was alive so.. Dunno how important it was to her.. Obviously not a big deal...
I've been reading a lot on this forum recently, and one thing I see is that ENTPs can be sometimes into challenges..?  I wouldn't say I am completely against them, in fact, I know my process...
When I was in Highschool (I'll use American terminology..), I just had 2 friends, though I was the friendiest of my 2 friends, I hung out with no one else. The 'Jocks' liked me, because I was just.....
Hello,  I'm sorry to hear about that shitstorm :(   I have similar issues. With a boyfriend for 3 years, broke up two times. Moved back in with him. Now I love him, really, but I hate London a...
This inner conflict between certainty as regards conviction, and uncertainty as to how to maintain and apply this conviction in the world, intensifies thought concerning personal conflicts and...
Atheist.   Very young, questioned everything. Made no sense. Hate authority. God has a god complex, should get over himself.  I am spiritual though, or rather, I enjoy the idea of being spiritual...
I agree. ENTPs don't generally care for losing anyone, relationships, friends, they can be gone at a hat. I personally am also not super close with my family (I'm the weird one).   There are 2...
Genius.  You're being too emotional Me: Not at all...seriously. I think you're projecting.  This was gold.  I'll add something that absolutely destroys me.   *Me talking about something...
Archer, from Archer. He's fucking hilarious. That entire cast was picked so perfectly. And the actor H. Jon Benjamin in general is great.   I tend to hate people who are too overly famous, like...
I actually didn't know that. I tend to prefer things like Art, or Language. I think coding could be super fun though, and something I'd be good at.
Word play. Who doesn't love a good Pun. Unfortunately my word play has to be a bit less subtle now a days as none of my friends are English speakers natively (And their level isn't super high, and my...
I mean, INTPs can be actors, just google it.. :P Very good ones - Who doesn't adore Tina Fey?   I used to like acting though, was fun, why not? My teachers hated me, utterly, I was terribly cheeky....
I whole-heartedly agree with what everyone else (Desthro for e.g) has said in response to this, but I also wanted to add that, even if, as you say, there are rules we need to follow, governmental or...
Oh yeah, Religion, I am considered to be open by my friends, but sorry, Religion I just can't lol.  I have no other ENTPs... INTP/J though, unfortunately I never get to see him cause we don't live...
I love language. So interesting. I'd say I use a lot of qualifiers. However, I feel my P is very strong, so if you ask me to be specific.. on say.. Breaking up, or leaving a country.. or whatever.....
Bill Gates once said that he would always hire a lazy person to do a difficult job at Microsoft. Why? Because a lazy person will find an easy way to do it.  Literally live by this rule. I will...
Totally agree for the E thing, of course Extraverts will catch on quick that if they want to be extravert, they're going to need to not like everyone around them :P   What do you mean by, too...'"


1554: You are too young to marry! Your family is going to be so disgraced!  :shocked:
Oldest of two.
I would run around in panic while counting down the loudest I can.
1.) Unethical: Sometimes, but it guilt-trips me.  2.) Joker: Yes, I am.  3.) No feelings: Not true, but I sometimes think I'd be better off without them.  4.) Cocky: It depends on who I'm...
Counselor July, brightening up your lives.  87939
When people think you are weird/unusual/different but they like you anyway.  :happy:
I'm right, but I can't be bothered to explain why.
When you  have to write an essay about something you dont like very much and it turns out to be a harsh critique of everything about it.
Heh. For some reason this does not surprise me at all.  :ninja:
My favourite four is Ne, Ti, Te and Ni.
When you accidentally and completely unexpectedly offend an INFP.
This.  You are intuitive if you get a lower test grade than expected because you made tiny mistakes everywhere.
Hmm... INTP.
When you cannot remember what you ate for dinner yesterday.
Could be INTP.
you
I have a paracosm, which is at its core a sandbox in which I can play with countries and people and pretend to be an ambivalent overlord.
Some from DYAC.  http://cdn.damnyouautocorrect.com/images/explosion.jpg
Super Crunchy? He mangled it badly indeed!
Its simple. If youre talking to a Croat, call it Croatian, if youre talking to a Bosnian, call it Bosnian, if youre talking to a Serb, call it Serbian, if youre talking to a Montenegrin, call it...
Yay languages!  My first language is Croatian. Call it Serbo-Croatian or else if you want, I dont care. The most significant difference is that Serbians have an annoying accent. I am quite fluent...
Every single INTP (except for yours truly) that I know in real life has no self-confidence.  :rolleyes:
Quoted for truth.
I daresay its more a game thread.
I am immature.  http://www.extraslike.com/upload/1380733957.gif
ESFP, very very very ESFP.
Agh, a Nazi!  *runs away*  Just kidding, welcome to PeronalityCafe and have a good time.  :happy:
Exponentiation and polynomials are the worst stuff in the universe after physics and computer science, and after I said this no one could ever believe me I am an INTP or at least close to one. Gah...
:happy:  I am quite artistic. I doodle all time I can get on my hands whenever I feel inspired. I sometimes try to write a short story or something, but I end up not liking it because the text...
Intj.
Welcome!  :happy:
You forget wheres your phone and start panicking, only to realise it is in your pocket.
Let me see...  ISFP.
.
Welcome to this place!
Care to justify the facepalm with solid reasoning?
Its probably very different for you, but my formula for making it through school is rewarding self with some dark chocolate after getting an A. Seriously, it motivates me quite well and has made me...
You're not the only one. If the function test is correct, Fi is, like,  my third highest function, and my Ne is a hair stronger than my Ti. The  latter is quite easily explained by me having a...
Estp.
I could contribute to this thread, too.  Youre an INTP when...  ...you forget to blink when you are deeply thinking about something.  ...you accidentally and completely unwillingly made an...
INTJ because of the Death Star on the avatar.
Isfp.
Screams ESTP to me.
Istp
INFJ, perhaps.
Welcome!
Infp
*puts on a smile*  Thanks. :happy:
...and decided to join in just for the sake of it.  I'm an XNTP, but I put INTP in my profile because I'm feeling more introverted than not at the moment. Expect me to change my type to ENTP and...
People can be very good if approached in a right way."


1564: 'What's wrong with us?  Well...our entire bodies are covered in scales for one thing.
My favorite part of this post was the reason you edited it.  Forgot to end it with a smile. Like...welcome to my life. Someone tells me they are getting married or got promoted or something, and...
I'll take 21 xD
Feeling ballsy so I'm posting a couple no makeup/no filter selfies :kitteh:  Also-yes these are sideways. No, I don't know how to fix it. Dealwithit.  538361 538369
You're goddamn right it does.
First, you log on to PersonalityCafe.com  Click on the forum icon Scroll down to Members and Photos Forum Click on the Hot or Not Thread Make sure you are on the particular quote you would like...
Mother. Of. God.  I even had one picked out.   Here you go.  When an ENFP tries on their friends glasses.  http://images1.tickld.com/live/1342377.gif
Well let's see here xD I'm certainly not new in these parts. You may know me under my alter ego-CourtneyJD. I was ENTP for a long time, then changed my type to ENFP. Then just left perC for like a...
That one and the INTP one were my personal favorites xD
I think the high sparrow is confusing to type because he's acting with an ulterior motive, and I doubt he actually believes anything he is saying.  Therefore...I withhold judgement until my...
INTJ at a party: http://images1.tickld.com/live/1352209.gif  When someone aggressively hits on an INTP: http://images1.tickld.com/live/1340206.gif  Trying to snuggle an ENTJ:...
https://media.giphy.com/media/50EDOKBc5BLdS/giphy.gif  Aww I missed you too! Remember when this thread was like...ours?  *memories*
Book Euron is most likely ESTP. It will be interesting to see if show Euron fits that as well.
I love you so much it hurts sometimes.
Wait. YOUR NAME IS KEVIN?
I posted pics wench! Go back another couple pages.
Haha such is the way of the world! We want what we don't have. I have the Disney Princess thing going on...meanwhile...you look like an actual model. :laughing:
Girl you have the kind of face I always wish I had :blushed:
I come bearing the only serious faced picture I've ever taken of myself.  (IE: I usually smile, smirk, or make a silly face).   515842  To balance this, I also present me smiling...with my...
Well a lot of it comes down to individual physiology. That's whats so interesting in nutrition...you can find evidence to support any theory. It just comes down to reading the research empirically....
#kerrygoldgrassfedbutter  Anywho...as a general comment on the conversation...cholesterol in food sources has been debunked as the cause of high in the body. So whole eggs, grassfed butter, whole...
If you have an intolerance to soy (IE: your body can't properly handle the hormones in soy) you can gain weight on a vegetarian diet. I always did.
What is it about this thread that makes people so argumentative?  My thoughts on the matter:...
I accept your proposal.  You now owe me 1.5mm US Dollars.   K. Thnx. Bye.
Quick!  everyone post hot pictures   no faffing about this time
Te
I think what you should do...would be to go ahead and friend the other girl and post lots of pics of you two together, and then occasionally tag the ex girlfriend in them too (something along the...
Because they understand the importance of female hygiene.
I lie to preserve my image, or to spare feelings. Oh and I lie to tell a better story. One COULD call it exaggeration, but we all know it's lying.  throw me in with one of the ones who is confused...
Ok I read the first page of this thread and then the last 3 pages and I'm thoroughly confused. WHAT HAPPENED???!?!? #toolazytoreadall20pages #takepityonme
I would say Arya. She just doesn't have the best handle of Te. It comes out in fits and starts and is more harsh. Jaime would be more 'swashbuckling' and less likely to have the bite of inferior Te,...
All I'm gonna say is...if she's FJ, where's the Ti? Because I don't see any xD  angelcat I for sure think xSFP over xNFP. I would wager ISFP personally, but she could be a weird ass ESFP.
I mean...it was a thing with Casey Kasum since the year 1300 B.C. :laughing:
https://youtu.be/PVFtRq81Ku8   And before anyone bitches....we can all agree that nostalgia for 2002 is totes hawt.
Omg yes xD I remember posting shitty song lyrics I wrote about whatever middle school thing was ailing me to Xanga. This was back in the time of AIM as well. Wait! I remember having an 'away' message...
God...you guys...my MySpace was on point.  I had music. I had graphics. I had backgrounds. It all had a theme.   *sigh* memories.
They call me threadslayer.  https://45.media.tumblr.com/c3cf2bee479aadb139da29138d702491/tumblr_mqxjsepwr31r9tcxgo1_500.gif
My favorite line...bc it's totally something I would say: Have you considered another dream? :laughing:
That actually did the same thing for me. It was the realization of the complete lack of Ti that made me finally rule out Fe for her. Anytime we see thinking from her, it's always Te.  If anything,...
My 2 cents: Dany is definitely Fi and Te...I still have yet to see a Fe action from her. She gives no shits about moral objectivity. It's about what feels wrong to her. It's her code of ethics she's...
Nah Will doesn't have that voice xD  Now Jack on the other hand...
Omg Antipode and I totally are Will & Grace. xD   And If you do that...I will certainly win bc like...my voice is HOT gurrllll.
Update: I might be weirdly in love with Frank.  And I can't pin down his mbti. ISTP seems too obvious, you know?
If you had any idea...it's far from boring :wink:
YOU WEREN'T SUPPOSED TO TELL HIM! YOU WERE JUST SUPPOSED TO SHOW UP!!     Yes yes. Movies and nummy drinks.  No babies though. K tnx bye.
I gave up that right until I learn to make better life choices xD
Interesting argument.
Well, Antipode told me to 'just say no.'  And I defer to him for all my life decisions. You'll have to take this up with him.
Is that a hunting knife of your hip, or are you just happy to see me?
I would say these are Te traits, not T traits.     Unrelated: I downloaded the Make Donald Drumpf Again chrome extension.  It's made my life much better.'"


1568: 'I grew up in the south where even the vegetables contain pork!
I do like spicy foods, but not if it just masks the flavor of whatever it is I'm eating. I think the variety you talk about is important, otherwise you might as well just chug a bottle of hot sauce. ...
ENTP. And clearly Corsican.
Ah. I see. Yeah, you probably wouldn't want to be my designated driver.
You have easy access to knives. I think the answer is fairly obvious.
The infamous blanket! Have you mailed it to me yet?
You'd hate driving with me. I go a different way pretty much every time I drive somewhere just for the variety.
Cool. I have a B.A. in philosophy, and fell in love with epistemology and skepticism. I could go on for days, but I don't want to derail the thread. I'd be interested in the book when it comes out...
That's the dilemma, I suppose. Do you get anything from being on the board? Extra pay? Maybe it wouldn't be so bad to speak up consistently and let the chips fall where they may.
desire machine your book sounds really interesting! Do you have a background in philosophy/epistemology?
543594
I'm sure your elbows are just fine.
Most other MBTI types surround themselves with me.
Eh. 5/10. Look at how pointy her elbows are.
That's cool. Does the whole Brexit thing cause any problems with that?
I see. Is it easy to emigrate there?
True.
Just to get away from the breeze?
Sounds like a beautiful place! I've never experienced a sea breeze.
Hence the joke. I'm not sure what his type was, but asking obnoxious questions of those in power seems like an ENTP pastime.
Yeah, 26C sounds pretty nice. Where I grew up it regularly hit 45-48C in the summer.
It's already common knowledge that ENTPs are always and everywhere appreciated. If you don't believe that, just read about the life of Socrates.   At the moment, I'm appreciating a strong cup of...
You did leave out an option: https://youtu.be/nxXOy_xaIU0
Another in a long line of good looking ENTPs.
etudiante, unfortunately you have a few things working against you. Being a woman in business can be tough because people tend to consider an authoritative attitude from a woman as being bitchy...
I see what you're getting at Obv, and I largely agree. The only problem is that sometimes we may have to impose certain beliefs through laws, etc. There are places in the US where people, strongly...
So do you have a reason you don't drink or did you just make a personal decision not to?
Yeah, erotic creature works much better in my experience.
It really depends on the occasion. I'm fine with going to a close friend's house or having them over, but I tend to get antsy after a while and prefer going out. Pub/bar/cafe is good as long as it's...
Unprofessionalism.
Yeah. Maybe even a nice nap here and there!
Well, I'm not Geonerd but I can definitely relate to this. Sometimes they make it out like extroverts are just constantly out partying and the only people who ever read a book are introverts. It...
Interesting. It was a combination of higher Fe and lower Si that helped me figure out I/E. I mistyped as INTP before because of some social anxiety issues I've had, but I never identified with a lot...
Love it! :devilish:
Pretty much this. Except I've never had a nasty fall from a safe place.
True. We could always just fake the credentials and study the law in between the experimenting.
Normal chickens are good! My grandfather had an old Ford tractor. It was one of the first ones I drove as a kid. Our ducks are pretty quiet most of the time. They really only quack when something...
Any time.
Well, one of us is just going to have to go to law school.
You don't happen to be an ENTP lawyer, do you?
Ombr looks nice, hombre.
Of course! I always forget about the ENTP lawyers!
Yeah, it's best to stick to more safe jokes the first conversation or two. Anyway, much of what xdae posted is what I was getting at. You have to take an actual interest in the other person (active...
Just imagine the surprise for the subject who downs the whole glass expecting to succumb to the poison and quickly end everything when they realize it wasn't poisoned and now they just get to slowly...
I respect your commitment to the so often neglected taunting factor of cold blooded murder, but couldn't you do both? Like put poison in the medication the person needs to stay alive right in front...
Ok. So it's not like you're thinking Gee, every time I make that joke about axe murdering my family people seem to stop talking to me. Now, in the right company, axe murder jokes can be great, but...
It's the smirk, I think. In real life anyway. I've not seen your smirk through the screen.
Now I can't listen to this: https://youtu.be/fendlp6iu9s Without mentally replacing poet with parrot. So thanks, Drunk Parrot
I'm wlt2015 on there.
I see what you're saying, but I don't think MissAverage is just over reacting to normal family sharing of information. Not to mention, the fact that her friend and friend's mom immediately started...'"


1606: 'Any place with craft beers. And sometimes music festivals.
So I dunno if you could read it from my self depreciating and nearly cry for help posts lately,  But I recently discovered Etizolam. A research chemical that's been used in japan to treat anxiety...
I'm often intimidated by wild bears.
I've found that just asking how they're doing or if they're okay helps alot. Normally they're swamped, or their personal life is in disarray, or they have to stay late past their normal shift, and...
Little late to the party, and a little late sending it, but here's what I wrote to HR:
The most sacrificial thing I will ever do is defend my loved ones.  You hurt someone I love, you are hurting me. You hit someone I love, you are hitting me.   I would risk getting my ass handed...
Occasionally I need a diaper.
I am actually your guardian angel speaking to you through a shitty person.  God is channeling through me right now.. I will relay his message:  Go for it brah. Aint no gain wit no risk ...
Do you do butt stuff?
714074
Dude he likes you.  Maybe I'm drawing too much from my own experience, but if I'm holding hands with a girl and staring in her eyes, then I'm into her.  As far as the on/off flirtations, he may...
Not sure if someone mentioned it, but here's my thoughts on this:  Do I think we live in a matrixy thingy?  Maybe, I dunno.  Do I think it matters?  No.
I don't know if I just lack the social acuity to notice it, but I don't feel that I normally offend people with my speech. I like to think that I have the mannerisms to not offend others.
Oh I'm an addict. Currently slaving for alcohol and nicotine.  The nicotine has at least been converted to less harmful vape and lozenges. The alcohol is somewhat contained to happy hour, and only...
I was thinking about seeing a shrink for the purpose of meds. I could definitely use a bit more focus and drive at the moment.   I possess the hyper focus trait, and I've been able to aim it at a...
Do you suck dick well?
She does however have a broad spectrum of emotions that I admire, possibly due to my lack of understanding of my own emotions. She is extremely jealous though. Which affects my life in ways I didn't...
I lol'd, hard. Currently dating who I believe to be an INFJ. Can confirm that logic isn't her strong suit.
There's no such thing as inherent meaning in life. Life means nothing. It is phenomenon that can occur under a certain set of conditions in the universe.  If there is meaning in life for an ENTP, I...
It is a rare thing for me to start out as friends and then move into a relationship. Every woman I have ever dated or hooked up with has known that I was into them.  Although one of the hottest...
Well, I am working, but it's construction so I'm looking to abandon it.  I dunno. I have an out. My ma and sis want me to move to MN with them. More tech jobs over there in Minneapolis. I wouldn't...
Thanks for the input; out of curiosity, what kind of time frame do you think I have to work with before I fall off the map? I want to demonstrate interest, need to find the best way to do this. ...
Thanks for the input. Aggressive vs Harmonious.  Should probably send this message soon, will review options tonight.
Interdasting....  Well if true, then that would settle it. Alright, well, you have plenty of data to sift through above.  Here's a thingy: If you want him to do something, you must explain why it...
Thanks for posting ya'll. Will scan for patterns.    She was nurturing, engaging, taught us to be independent. She spent alot of time trying to raise me and my sis to be our own people. Also...
Nah, I mean vidya as an incoherent way to say video.
Unsure, but multiples. They created a new class of job, which is why it is an entry level position.    No, first scheduled in-person interviews were to be on the 30-31st. I'm also told they will...
Quoting you cause I like the cut of your jib, because your response involved not throwing in the towel, and cause I want your input.   So here's the story:  Been out of work since January 07...
I'm curious if the ENTP is created or born. So I figure, lets talk childhood. I have some basic questions:  1.) What was your relationship to your mother at ages 3-8?  2.) What was your...
Guys,  I did this video interview that supposedly was well received. It was almost immediately sent to a hiring management team and they sat on it for a week and was split in decision. I then got a...
Hallucinogens are for losers and burnouts.  So I was tripping on acid at this music festival and took waaay too much. I walked into a tent with Pretty Lights playing and I totally lost my grip on...
Mike15,  I saw your post about lack of focus and attention, and was going to tell you that we all have that problem and it's characteristic to us. But then I saw you're an ISFP, so this probably...
Maybe if you say it more it will become true.
What a waste of time and resources.
Oh yeah, I've used Huperzine A and Modafinil too.  My only problem with nootropics is that I always stack them because I never felt the need to sit down and figure out what one did for me on its...
I disagree with some of your statement.   I think that math provides logic structure and trains the brain to approach all problems in a logical way.  A swimmer who swims every day will gain a...
I used to do this,   Supplemented with several Nootropics. Heres some interesting ones:  Royal Jelly: Contains 10-HDA; promotes neurogenesis Shrooms: Contains psilocybin: promotes neurogenesis...
And here's a cool tidbit that I found myself agreeing with.  Probably because Anthony Hopkins is awesome.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S94ETUiMZwQ
I believe that death is a dreamless slumber of eternal darkness. When the light of consciousness is extinguished, it is gone forever. For me it's occams razor; it is the most likely thing to happen....
Oh man, I had a great short story about a future bounty hunter/adventurer who wore an eye patch for no reason, spat out terrible one-liners, and chain smoked cigarettes.  It's gone though. Old...
Here's another vast generalization:  Most people who don't vote choose to do so because neither option will change anything and they know the system is rigged.
I am sorry if I offend you when I say this, but this attitude is ruining this nation.  You don't have to vote democrat or republican. And just because the democrats or republicans nominated a...
I respect the efficiency of ENTJs. Sometimes you just need someone who will get it done. They will get the job done, and they will do it with extreme efficiency.
Dude, my first sales experience, if you could call it that, was procuring donations to my university. That sucked. I couldn't get a single donation.  I mean, I was basically 'selling' nothing and...
Singing and making random sounds eh? Sounds like a P.  What are the groups like? Are they strictly professional? If they're professional then he's trying to fit the group dynamic; being...
We spend time with you without being prompted to.
Sounds like sales
Oh, I'm gonna assert myself all over their faces.  Thanks for the support.
Dudes and dudettes,   I just aced a Hirevue interview; I did it at at 4 pm last night and got emails this morning moving me on to the next step. There's alot of people interviewing for this...
And you know what? I'm happy Donald Trump got elected. It showed the world how fucked the US actually is. But more importantly, it showed the Dems/Reps can be circumvented. He stole that election...'"


1612: 'Who are your favourite INTJs in anime? I'm pretty partial to Lelouch (Code Geass) and Shiroe (Log Horizon) though there are quite a few good examples.  Bonus points if you can name the show this...
Hmmm, I can't infer your exact intended meaning from that comment, though if you'd like to clarify, I'd be interested to hear your point of view.
I would say that peoples' motivations for dating (or whatever cultural equivalent is in essence similar) are as widely varied as peoples' personalities themselves.  For some people, it's about the...
It's a thought I've considered, for sure, but I don't think I'm in a wise position in terms of furthering future life aspirations while doing so. I would seriously consider it if I had a good job...
The only other thing I can say as an ENTP is that growing up the things that annoyed me the most were ones that tried to limit possibilities in ways that I felt artificial. Things like, asking how to...
It's been about five years since I graduated from university and I've been feeling in a rut for some time now. I've tried various things to get myself out of it, but nothing has really worked. As I...
I grew up ultra-sensitive to sound, though recently I've noticed it's not as much so. Still, I find I notice things other people don't, or I use my ears a lot (I drive with my window slightly down,...
I would say to make sure he has the minimum practical life skills to take care of himself when he moves out / not lead him to subsisting on cup noodles and take-out. If he ever wants to learn how to...
I'm super surprised that nobody's mentioned Haruhi Suzumiya from the Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya, she's a very standout ENTP, and from a reasonably well-recognized series. (Albeit anime, and the...
Better than hiding them in self-denial.
On the topic of polyamorous relationships,  Until very recently, I was pretty turned off by the idea of polyamorous relationships, aside from just wanting to keep things between myself and the...
The way I think of it is that you're going to forget half of your cool Ne-driven ideas without some Si, so it's a good thing you have it on your function list at all.
@thetruehell  Trying to make him speak in logic is probably like trying to get you to speak in touchy-feely. Though from your point of view he may come off as nosy and overbearing / pesky, he's...
I'm always hopeful that people will underestimate me, because it makes both trolling and exceeding their expectations that much easier...
Good for brainstorming...maybe not so much for practical implementation.
I think the difference between the two might also be reflected in how distinctly one leans towards T or N in the most general sense. For me, I tend to score the highest on my N trait, with T being...
Impatience.
As a side note, I am totally going to be in Seattle next weekend. Not that it has anything to do with actually attending, rather than running an anime convention. Nothing like that at all.  On an...
Hi everyone! I realize I haven't been around here in like...forever, because, well, I run a convention that I've always talked about a bunch. Since I've talked about it so much, I wanted to throw up...
Aw, I finally come back and now you're taking off and becoming a businesswoman? So disappointed! ;)  [edit]  <Insert bad pun about making an executive decision here>
LiquidLight Yeah, I think I'm actually somewhat like Jung in principle in the sense that I'm not too into the concrete divisions between the types, that's sort of why I hold the position that, 'Hey,...
LiquidLight - I felt that last post was a little more concise and to the point, so thanks for that. I felt that some of the links were more addressing the idea of changing type from quiz to quiz vs...
I would say that sometimes the way you get to know a person is also a reflection of the sides of you they see. Now, I don't know much about you personally, but I find that I have a habit of being...
I acknowledge that's possible, and I wasn't meaning to imply that it's necessarily better, and, if by optimal use, you mean, basically, what's the best thing to do with your brain / self in general,...
mkeath I saw that one quite awhile ago, but with the real subtitles, pretty good. XD I can vaguely make out what they're actually saying. >.> Very vaguely.
Well, this might seem like an odd suggestion, but try a little ESTP method acting, because, well there's the definition of being out of your head if I've heard one! (And, you should have the...
2011 was an alright year for me.  Financially speaking, I was able to pay off all of my credit card debt (September 2010 it was $18,000) and have managed to save up a bit.  School-wise, I've...
I would say it's a balance in general, though I do seem to get closer to the introverts overall, I guess that makes sense, though.
Yeah, I would say debate still occurs in the less directly confrontational cultures, they just do it in a more indirect way...
Post amusing conversation clips from your friends.  Crono says How you been spending your vacation?  Flaire says Getting fat and making music 16s and gabber  Crono Square says
I usually lean toward tunes with a positive/energetic sound to them, rather than positive lyrics.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SanodTD46Ew This totally used to be my alarm clock music.  ...
Well, a lot of my friends would say that it's the MBTI, but saying something like that around here isn't much special at all. XD (My INTJ friend mentioned the other day that he's been keeping track...
I realized I should totally answer my own question too! I'm a pretty big bargain hunter, but only insofar as things I actually use/need, because it's only a deal if it's something you actually need....
I think the poll would have turned out more interesting with the omission of ENTP, actually.
Though I agree that this is possible, and even likely, I don't agree that it is necessary.  LiquidLight I would like to see something much more concise and straightforward that says You can't...
Perhaps, but, from a system resource point of view, it can also bog things down.
I have no idea how I got that. XD
I'm generally in agreement with the not expressing one's self very well thing, in fact, even going beyond the statement I that ENFJs keep their feelings to themselves, I think, in some cases, they...
Yeah...I can buy that it's unlikely, but claiming necessary impossibility really seems like it's stretching things to me. I'm a little hesitant to buy the idea that, out of 7+ billion people, nobody...
I had a pretty good Christmas, and then I can't even explain why, but I read this Christmas fic that someone posted and it just totally made my day. (Think tsundere archetype + A Christmas Carol...
Geez, you make it sound like I'm bordering on INTJ or something. ;)
Gift cards: The shittier money. The only exception to this I make is that I used to be part of the At Home program that gave you a bonus $20 for every $100 worth of gift cards you ordered, which...
Does this include people who are reconsidering their type as ENTP too? ;)
possiBri - I highly recommend checking out In The Groove, if you enjoyed the challenge factor of DDR. The high end of difficulty is much higher, and you can actually load custom songs into the game...
I think it takes a lot to get me angry as well, but when I do, I tend to get quieter, sharper and more focused, entirely intent on completely dismantling whatever it is that's gotten me to that point.
SayMoi - I can strongly identify with what you're saying, particularly when it comes to exercise. This is the only way I can stay in shape, because I just get too bored with normal exercise:  ...
I think that not only do your words affect how others perceive you, it also affects how you perceive yourself. St Augustine has a bit of a theory about how lying creates multiple realities of sorts,...
I just noticed that the title says ENFJ/INTJ, but we ended up talking about INFJ/INTJ. I feel kind of disappointed that I can't make jokes about looking in the mirror now.
This definitely 100% describes how I was as a teen and into my early 20s, and though I would say it's one of the levels my mind still works on, I've also tried to take a more laid back approaching to...
Another interesting answer that comes to mind is that some philosophers will actually take the position that the world we're in is actually the one and only perfect, and most complete world, because...'"


1614: ISTJ  TMLT go back in time, accidentally reverse engineering the entire timeline of the universe in the process
INFP  TMLT eat animals alive
ISTJ  TMLT trip in the shower
When you risk almost getting on the wrong bus because you didn't look at the number.  When you get super bored if someone talks about one topic for too long, especially if that topic is mundane.
ESFP  TMLT have sex in the ocean
INTP  TMLT have prejudice against a person for being an atheist
When if you're at the store, most of the time you're just browsing for anything that might be interesting. And if you are looking for something in particular and find what you're looking for, you end...
ISTP  TMLT be homeless
INTP  TMLT punch a toddler for being annoying
INFJ  TMLT be constipated
INTP  TMLT be an atheist
ESTP  TMLT use sour worms as sex toys
I'll fart in your boobs!
INFP  TMLT like bugs
ISFP  TMLT be part of the Wesboro Baptist Church
ESFP  TMLT jump off the Empire State Building
ESTJ  TMLT be a brony
INTJ  TMLT be Squidward
INTJ  TMLT be technologically illiterate
ESTP  TMLT masturbate 50 times a day
INTP  https://scontent-sea1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/12032136_736343149833313_8742300841172396081_n.jpg?oh=0a9992db785c5abb4e88b126db3ba171&oe=5A12FEDD
ESFJ  TMLT be a completionist
NP  Type most likely to be a hipster
ISTJ  TMLT use cheat codes
Ti or Ne
ISFJ  TMLT believe morality is subjective.
ENXP  TMLT to dislike babies
INFP  TMLT enjoy watching youtube poops.
.
ISFJ  TMLT be bad at driving
I hate that there aren't more of us.
IXTP  TMLT break a world record
ISFJ/INFP due to passive aggressiveness  TMLT wish they were another animal, not a human
Grandma is hotter than you!
You find it difficult to cry at emotional movie scenes
ESTP  TMLT be a night owl
I-I have a sharp and witty sense of humor, I can make anyone laugh without even trying.  II-I hate being ordered around. I find bureaucracy stupid and any rules I find to be illogical I will be...
Studying your boobs for science!
ESFP  TMLT to invent solar powered roads that allow travel at light speed.
INTP  Type most likely to perform nut shots for the spectators entertainment.
ENFJ  TMLT chew on erasers
Ti
Se
ENTP  TMLT to be in a gang
True, if that thread existed I would of put it there, but my brain got lazy so I put it here
I wanna grab your ass! This does not expand dong! I'm ugly and I'm proud! Don't eat that way, Bimbo! Circumcision is awesome, you think!?
https://scontent-sea1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/14716263_929236333877326_306237771472570264_n.jpg?oh=9e173841a0673dc7766ea27b95601a6e&oe=5A549161 ...
Probably TJs  TMLT time travel back to prehistoric times before humans
INFP  TMLT to eat a stick
Fi or Ni"


1618: 'Remergon...never heard of it.  The Trazodone has been the only thing that does work, just doesn't work very well.
PowerShell...I would consider that a superpower.
Sex life and relationship with my wife is great.  When I first climb in to bed, it takes me about 25 minutes to put every body part to sleep, this my relaxation/meditation before trying to sleep. ...
LOL... I enjoy my mania and energy, but it all gets completely squashed when I can't sleep.  Must appear manic to some people.
I do have ZMA, take that along with 3mg of melatonin and the 25mgs of trazadone.  Otherwise I have had absolutely everything under the sun that anybody told me would help me sleep...and in every...
I'm in Minnesota...northern flyover.  We were getting close to the medical pot being passed but the governor vetoed it.  Says he won't let it go through until all the law enforcement agencies will...
It's classified as primary, meaning it has no underlying cause and chronic. On a good day I will get 4-5 hours and can get by with that just fine. It's the bouts that last over three weeks with maybe...
I have, didn't do anything.  And I love sleep...maybe because I can't get any.
I have, a little.  Can never seem to get consistant product.  One batch will be good, relaxes me, gets my mind to quit spinning, then the next batch gives me bad anxiety.  The best thing I ever had...
Anybody else here have it? What have you done for it? Curious if it could be an ENTP thing or there's something else screwed up in my head!  Had a doc at the Mayo clinic tell me I have the worst...
Exactly...I don't deal with them.  Ask me to do something and I'll do it the most efficient and effective way possible, not THEIR way!
Very nice!
No worries...brilliant minds think alike
I am very creative and productive between 4 am and 9 am, after that, something has to really light a fire under my ass to get my head going.
Stole my avatar!!
Oops!  Accountants aren't too bad, attorneys cost a small fortune (use sparingly!).
Start up costs for a gym?
Currently own a gym and a consulting business in the fitness industry.  Had two gyms but sold the second one last fall (nice little profit too).  Used to own a personal training studio, closed it to...
Any January you'd like to come and visit me, you let me know! I'm in Minnesota. All the national news stations have been playing a clip of a big ice flow on a lake that was damaging houses over the...
I started my first business in1995 and worked it hard, always trying to see how I could expand it and do more, every time it was a dead end but that didn't stop me from going after new things.  After...
For me, meditation requires Vicodin or some other powerful pain killer.
The ENTP is to society as breast implants are to a woman.  The ENTPis to relationships as an air conditioner is to an Eskimo.  The ENTP is to work as basket weaving 101 is to a student.
1.  Tools...I love them, desperately wish I was good with them, unfortunately I suck with them.  2.  Sales...terrible.  Much more creative and love learning about the body.  3.  Not sure if I...
Like I said, I don't pee on my hands.  If I should, I'll be sure to wash them.
You're going to have your hands full as she gets older!  Wait until she figures this out:  I once pondered this question to a couple doctors I used to train:  Why do we wash our hands after we go...
PowerShell, I wish I could convey in words how incredible owning your own business is.  Nobody telling you what to do or how to do it (because that's how it's always been done), when to come in and...
Perfect...anything you make up is just as plausible as any thing you read in some book made up by somebody else.  Create your own heaven and after life.
Exactly.  I get a couple hours of TV on the nights I can get to sleep.  Thank god for Tivo and Netflix!
70104  You and I could be brothers.  Your daughter's a cutie-pie!
I have no idea what you two look like yet I can picture it as plain as day.  As for ENTPism, my wife has been bugging me to clean the ceiling fans in our business, of course I have been...
Novel and over 25 (way over!).  Novel could include science related topics.  Not sure how I survived this ENTP crap before the internet.
I'm already doing Option 2!  Sort of...not quite at the 400k yet.  Wouldn't even consider Option 1, it would leave me too much time to spend the money on all the weird crap I'd come up with to do...
Oh common now!  The imagination is going to kick in and I can forget about getting any work done the rest of the day!
Just not the INFP's, that's my wife and she'll turn into lady bossy-pants and give us all a to-do list of what and how to clean!
That looks like fun...especially if somebody else has to clean it up!
[QUOTE=Signify;3693038]Currently, if woman gets pregnant, she chooses if she wants the child. If she DOES want the child, the father pays. Excuse me...but she's the one who chose it, why am I being...
Yes to all of it!  It's the worst at night and cause me a lot of insomnia problems.  Ended up getting severely addicted to Ambien (EVIL stuff).  I also do what others mentioned about going off into...
I could not fathom being a stay at home anything.
Good, school is good for us.  Gives our brains more fuel for uncovering the mysteries of the universe.
Lady bossy-pants!  Love it.  Going to call my wife that next time she tells me to scoop out the cat box!
I have one problem with Pascal.  If there does turn out to be a god and you believed in him/her/it, and this god is supposed to be omnipotent, wouldn't this god know that the only reason you believed...
Or picking your battles, which may be a wisdom thing.
That is SO annoying!!!  No good deed goes unpunished.
Yep, I think that's me.
Nice!
The all gore, blood and guts does not appeal to me at all.  Love the psychological/suspense stuff though.  Seven might be my all time favorite.  When the guy that had been strapped to the bed all...
Just curious about other ENTP's and kids?  I don't have any kids and have never had the desire. I don't mind kids at all, just never wanted any of my own. Love when I say that to somebody that has...
Lets not talk about me, tell me all about you.
I would!
Agreed, traffic sucks and stresses me big time!'"


1623: I have to say I hate people who can't see how their actions influence others' lives... To sleep in peace you can go full ISTP and get 3M earplugs and a face mask for sleeping. Also I love infjs...
Sounds like Ne attention whoring
The beginning and the ending lyrics open up the song
Introvert feeler cries alone, extroverted feeler cries with people...fucking simple
One could learn to be assertive by resolving conflict, could try to create a small conflict on purpose and handle it
Observant, quiet, read my math books all the time, drew on the walls, bored as hell, played with toy cars alot
I reveal nothing I seal everything In the waterfall I shower With every drop you fall  Fall with eyes closed Don't step aside Sink like a ghost In a haunted river
Yes, you are coming on too heavy!! You need to join the present moment in order to enjoy your time with other people.  Personally I don't want friends either, but sometimes you just feel like...
I have observed an infj that is carefully listening to someone in a group, and it is fascinating. It looks like the infj is mesmerized by the person she is listening to. I think she could just listen...
I have a dead cat
I do not have personal experience about this. But Evil, you might be interested of this ESTP guy's take on your topic :tongue:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZor61hLVw0
Well yeah that's pretty lame actually, why not just do it all the way. Then go full Si and get your life nicely together and think how crazy you were.
Yeahhhh I'd figure Ne & Ne is lots of fun. I had a good word to describe your post but I forgot it. Ni people probably love Ne people for the information they give for their Ni minds, but so do...
Some may be socially awkward, even though they possess very good social skills. They can feel alone in the world for some reason, they can be very competitive. I've actually talked with an ENTP...
Well  INFP, -, - I don't think I've had best friends, but I used to have 2-4 intuitives as friends years ago. A friend to me means someone who actually cares to bother me and most of my better...
This should classify as lame dark humour:  https://s14.postimg.org/e9wkb0bgd/sponge.jpg  ENTPs I know usually like sex jokes and don't seem to be affected by telling jokes which may seem...
I was highly impulsive as a child so I might have adhd. My threshold to get angry has greatly risen as I've gotten older. I still rarely have very quick illogical outbursts of emotions towards other...
I really like Jim Carrey, his spiritual thoughts are fascinating.
Yeah well am I supposed to tell something about myself in order for you guys to correct my typing or something
https://www.dropbox.com/s/8xnyobluw554elr/File%209.11.2016%200.34.33.jpeg?dl=0
Spank him
I'll join the Skype calls whatever language is going on but Spanish should be cool
My intuition works just fine thank you! I never really ignore it even if I get bad looks, because it was okay to extravert it when I was little so I just speak my mind and I will feel bad if I don't....
23
Oooh just get a ring with a beer mug for her then, when she gets upset just mention you are thirsty by the way
HA she will be all over your face, I mean angry and stuff!! She might get over it though hahah
Yes they are! But I like to think someone is working wonders outside of our reality!
Children of bodom is so ENFP! here's a music video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0C7DGvaEmXQ (that is not me playing!)
I know right?!?? :D :exterminate: amazing to hear how weird you are.
I don't know and I don't really care either :D Why can't we just forget these marriage and relationship statuses, just fucking be together if it feels good. If it doesn't work, introspect and try...
This sounds so much like my INTJ buddy :D  But to Etudiante, I can relate to you! I get way more peace of mind with intuitive people, when they can connect with what I mean and am looking for.
Ti I use, I use it for things like: how can I do this in the smartest possible way and to figure out what I am doing wrong.   I have also used it in social situations, while playing a word game...
596474 I just look for fun things and sometimes I just can't shut up when I come up with a weird comment to what someone said. It feels really good actually to have a streak of awesome ideas from...
Humans do everything in their power to survive. It could be fun to change the circumstances on Earth and make it a labyrinth, seeing everyone escape. If there were paradises along the way, would...
Wow, she needs love xD
INTP: They love to have fun but they require logical explanations before you tell them anything. Like to counter-brag about things that catch their attention! INTJ: Actually amiable! They prefer to...
I read that as a human being you should face your emotions. If you put them aside you will become cynical! I'd just talk it all out to an ENFP since they seem really engaged with that. Basically if...
You know you are an ENTP when you watch a space document for 5 minutes and then state everyone what the future is going to be like
This totally rocks my socks, I got the sanguine  71 Sanguine, 21 Melancholy, 21 Choleric, 21 Phlegmatic :D The description for sanguine, which was already posted totally describes me! I always...
Yes, absolutely need to do this! Figure ways to make money as we travel :P  I can do it the next summer!
Can I floss your teeth?  This is really hard, since most weird things you would say would just be funny! You need to cause dismay with no options left for the listener to choose :tongue: I hate...
I need people around me, I am way more happy in a group than alone and I can get frustrated in hours if I am at a cottage only with my introverted parents. In my own place I can be alone for a day or...
For me it seems xNFxs would be the most drawn to entps, because romance begins from a connection which occurs more easily between two intuitives and two sensors, instead of the mix. Feelers usually...
Just wander north in the nights and when you feel like dying, jump off a sand cliff
That is true, it is not easy to be finnish, that guy is literally a part of me. I can be so silent in english social situations..
Sapience is to act with thought? Value and belief both need thought work to be born but belief is an intuively formed assumption of something and to value is to admire and to want a certain thing. I...
Hi my fellow finn!! You are absolutely correct about Putin bribing the referees before the games, it sucks! *finnish dance, shouts PERKELE*   ALSO I almost forgot, I know some poetry about finns;...
Hey oh shit!! I meant Fennoscandia!! Thanks for pointing that out I started reading Scandinavian history and it was very interesting! I THINK in addition to us being in saunas it was because of the...
Basic Questions:  1) Age or Age Range?  21 years on the planet earth 2) City, Country and/or Region? Finland in Scandinavia 3) Tell us something about your social life? My social life SUCKS! I go...
INTP   https://themindlessphilosopher.files.wordpress.com/2009/02/descartes-meme-4.jpg?w=676"


1661: He hasn't needed to debate intellectually and if he tried to he'd lose. Think about it like boxing. He's a brawler and you're saying if he stuck to the outside he'd lose. Well yeah that's not his...
Not in any way a Trump supporter, but the people saying he's stupid need to reassess the situation. He just took out a field of 17 candidates including many successful governors. I don't agree with...
I work in data analysis/stats for a fortune 500 if you have any specific questions.
That's simply not true. You can see it in the way he plays crowds and the media. Heck look at how he made Ted Cruz clap for him after he essentially tore down Ted Cruz. He's also a textbook...
Probably the strongest connection I've ever felt with someone was an INTP girl I was friends with for years. It ended poorly...
I wrestled and did Judo competitively for years and now just workout pretty hard for fun.NTs value competence and to me fitness was something else I wanted to be good at.  Exercise Describe a...
My job is essentially doing software development in Business Intelligence of a megacorp so, it's essentially using a computer instead of your army of slaves ;). But, all it breaks down into is...
Going with the obvious, does he have a Playstation?
Hey guys, I'm not really sure how to interpret this situation with a friend and was looking for some thoughts. So me(ENTP guy) and a girl(INTP) have been pretty close friends for a couple years....
Really depends on the day. I've worked on everything from making a tool to figure out how to allocate our inventory, to developing tools and dashboards on how well products sell together, which are...
So, I may have just gotten really lucky but I got hired in IT as an analyst out of college working with Tableau/Sql/R/and VBA. It might be a bit different but, I'm not even sure how a support role...
Once I found out that there was an algorithmic way to solve them(like a Rubik's cube), I lost interest.
But can you see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
Beware of Snappy Retorts
I mean what do you want to know??? If you like her go for it. MBTI isn't the end all be all of anything. You get one life dude, don't let a theory(MBTI) dictate your life. Just live it ;).
If you want to go for it absolutely do it :):). I've known two ISFJs, one is my grandmother, who raised my mom and aunt by herself and is one of the strongest people I know.The other is one of my...
Well, there median viewer age is 65+, so I'm just going to give it 10 to 15 years and most of their base will die off ;). You'd think that always being completely wrong would make them lose their...
Come on, you can't hold Fox News against us :(.
Uhhh what's with the schizophrenic acid trip?
He questions facts he doesn't agree with all the time on his show. And he uses facts to sell the story he wants too.  ENTP 8w7 is my guess.
Haha don't get me wrong, I enjoy my job. But, I do sit behind a computer doing stats and programming Mon-Fri 8-5 so, I get really restless. The OP admitted he's lost jobs because he'd leave early and...
Deal with it, the world won't change because you don't feel like working 8 hours a day(although it does get boring).  For helpful advice I have Final Fantasy V and Five nights at Freddys on my...
Right but, that wasn't the debate that was going on although it may be a part of it. The debate Maher had was with him saying Islam is inherently a bad religion more or less. Also, I don't think the...
What if the parent is about to cut the child's head off for wanting the pink power ranger instead of the green power ranger?
I don't get how it's racism? You have a large percentage of Muslims who do hold these terrible ideals. And are actively doing their best to make these terrible ideas into reality. It's not racism to...
Has anyone considered that the difference isn't the religion but how dedicated to the religion they are. Every religious text has a ton of crazy stuff in it. The difference between the Western...
Oops Double Post...
Here are some of what I've been listening to lately.  Overall It's like a 50-30-20 divide between Rock,Hip-Hop,Dubstep/Techno/...   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fVddaPF-bY ...
So there seems to be some confusion on here about whether there some people are ENTJ or ENTP or some weird hybrid amorphous type with strong both. So please someone correct me if I'm wrong, it comes...
I don't know but, I really like Tumblr and I think that they should have more posts about important things like student loan debt, Ebols, and Twilight fan fic...I did it didn't I XD.
Give someone Meth or PCP or both, and pretend they were possessed when they freak out.
It effects me without realizing it. If I'm ticked at something generally I'll lash out and make snide comments relating to it and not even realize I did that until way later.
It doesn't ever really make that supposition though. The title ' What is wrong with ENTP females???' doesn't ever call male ENTP attractive nor does the OP ever really go beyond calling guy ENTPs...
Read up on the functions and I'm pretty sure I'm ENTP(but other guesses are great too :)) not sure on Ennea though :(.  0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For...
Maybe, in all honesty I have no clue what will be in style in 20 years. For now I kinda just want to get rid of my student loan(~40K), and get my masters ,so I can teach Math at a community college....
Not really, so they generally do the basic stuff(Standard forecasts and basic functions). They're more fancy calculators than anything. What I do is design processes that turns the raw data into...
Going to chime in here the other way, I work as a business analyst.  I tend to be pretty unorganized in general. I get things done but, thank god for the computer's search function. That being said,...
I agree with you, but I can see how that ideology can work with some people.Everyone I've talked to has conceded that some regulation needs to occur,Normally I bring up drugs how Making Money =/= A...
I'm generally pretty close to being a socialist. If your talking in the US, then I find it hard to think anyone who pays attention to the news goes much farther right than libertarian. Republicans in...
So please tell me at some point the words 'Helicopter Dick' came up :laughing::laughing:.
So, apparently an INFJ thing is the ability to read people. The few people who I've met who had an INxJ demeanor have always commented on how they can never read what I'm actually thinking or up to....
If you guys are referring to this one ht tp://pa rade.conden ast.co m/226063/viannguyen/whats-the-average-income-for-your-personality-type/ (remove the spaces, I can't post links yet :( ) then I...
NVM wrong thread
So the math thread a couple pages back got me thinking about programming. How many people on here know how to program and are NTs and would you rather it be called an art form, science, or just...
Have you experienced issues with self-esteem as Ne-Ti or Ti-Ne? I had really bad self esteem in elementary through high school. I would always think of 1000 what ifs based on the smallest thing from...
You should try the card shops around your house. There's more NTs than I can count at the Magic the Gathering and Yu-Gi-Oh tournys I've gone to. And pretty much every town has at least a small one.
Well I work at a huge corporate company as a programmer. Some of the people are okay but, only a couple I'd talk to regularly though. Most of the time if I don't have anything to do I'm playing Final...
Everyone used to be the youngest person in the world at one point. There are more numbers between 0 and 1 than there are integers from 0 to infinity. The guy who'd check Hitler's speeches really...
Yeah, I have that all too hell as a 6w7. And I used to listen to that voice but, in the past couple years I decided to not let what ifs keep me from trying out a good idea. It's just from what I've...
Well to be fair, it's not the first time. I've done it before for job interviews that were far away. Wal mart parking lots are generally fairly safe. Why ESTP over ISTP, I couldn't see Se as Dom. I'm..."


1680: 'Ahah, that is so true.  The thing is we talk a lot, but at the end of the day, he can't change, it's just like that, he tried, but you can't fake Fe, you can't fake caring for something, INTJs are...
Yes you are right - they are more book smart & very knowledgeable in some subjects (usually academic subjects & work) than good conversationalist (about news & randoms things) if it makes sense...
I used to be a fan, he's an ENFP if you ask me, he likes to talk even in concerts, plus he's such a serial seducer. To be honest, I don't like the character (I usually don't like EXFP men as well -...
Actually I think there is so much hype about N/N couple, but we tend to get along great with S as well, especially Si/Ne users. I have a good ISTJ friend too. There is something very grounding about...
Love you analysis, I'm not sold about Nick being an ESTP as well, he could be any EXXP. He's a writer, he can be quite naive when judge people, he's out of touch with some down to earth logical...
He's right, it's very easy at first but it's very hard work on the long term, because we are very different people with 3 different functions and we don't communicate in the same way - which is very...
I may be wrong but by reading the posts on this forum, it seems like INTJ male/ENTP female couple is pretty (most?) common. You definitively have something here. Why do you like INTJs?
I have the same experience with my ISFP ex, oh and almost the same experience with my INFP ex as well.  One told me I was a bad person and didn't want to speak to me anymore and another one just...
Oh I didn't invent it: you can both type ENTJ or INTJ + narcissistic personality disorder on google, there are lots of posts out there.
When I meant most common, I meant most common psychological sickness, not most common among normal people. I think Narcissistic personality is more linked to some personality type than other - mostly...
Interesting - isn't NPD one of the most common psychotic trait for ENTJs? Like being bipolar for ENTPs?  What do you think of Josephine, his wife? ISFP? ESFP? ESFJ? She was very much an aesthete...
I don't think SFJs are stupid, they are different from INTJs. They don't see the world the same way & they don't have the same values.   At the end of the day it's about choice & what you want in a...
He doesn't seem to be very mature - is it worth it? Maybe he's right... ? I'm not sure about the INFP/ENTP dynamics - I have hard time with Fi primary users (even if I like INFP better than ISFPs...
Isn't it Inf Si??! My ENFP friends LOVE food as well ;-)
On paper it looks great but In real it's more like:  I talk alone about my ideas & stuff to my INTJ husband and he usually ... just listen. It's like talking to a wall (or a cow) :laughing:...
Yeah, I think my kids are definitively Fe users then, they spend their day eating & yelling!!:laughing:  More seriously, I'm married to an INTJ and I think the biggest problem is not Si/Fe but Ti....
I think you can just to be yourself  :laughing:, the intelligence & the kind of mystery/arrogance INTJs have is often enough to have an ENTP hooked. Also I don't think INTJs are not very good at...
Daenerys: Does ISFPs care that much about changing the world/ creating a new world/having an impact on so many people's life? I have hard time seeing Daeneirys as anything other than Fe dom/aux...
I didn't know INTJs are that good at physical activities, short-sighted and whined that much :laughing:  He's very hard to type, but probably an ISXX, I would type him ISFP (Fi/Se) ...
Otherwise, you can still wait, if he's interested, he'll end up asking you out, ENTPs are the ones who do the chase usually. But it can take some months/years, since he may have to decide first if...
I still think Hillary is an introvert, the ESTJ is her persona, the real Hillary is probably INTJ
I agree on the fact he can't finish his books has more to do with the lack of Te than being a P (even if the INFJs I know are more obsessed about finishing their works than him, even if they can't...
I absolutely love Ender as well - he's quite different in the first book than in the second and third book (I would type him INTJ at first then he became an INFJ or even ENFJ - maybe it has to do...
Because, he doesn't have this soft (yet distant), warm and insightful INFJ way of talking (Fe/Ni) in the interview I saw of him, and I see Si in his work (he's very much into families history,...
I really don't see Ni in the way he writes his books, I see Ne (imagination/ideas) and Ti(building a coherent system for his ideas -> here's where the links between the events comes from, because...
I don't see symbolism as a Ni thing. Ne loves imagination and free interpretation. I love symbols, my INTJ husband doesn't (maybe it's Te - Te prefers pragmatic and useful things)
I vote ENTP (or INTP but I saw an interview and he seems to be an extrovert), he's definitively Ti-Fe-Si.  The way he like to write about people, about their hope, motive, hate, love and all the...
Well you are an ENFJ? Do you think he's one as well? Do you recognize thinking patterns?
You are so cute! :laughing: You are definitively a Fe user - the way you want to be nice with everyone and calm tension on this post (instead of justify yourself/being aggressive - which is more...
Patrick Jane is quite similar to an ENFJ guy I know, who is a CEO of a non-profit.  This guy a very good public speaker, very charming (Fe) and also a very good observer even when it's small...
Taylor Swift is definitively not INFP. She's very definitively a Fe user. Why people always want stars they like to be the same type than themselves. I like and admire lots of people and most of...
Only INFPs would write a post that long about themselves ->definitively Fi dom people
Patrick Jane could be anything, I've seen him typed at INFJ and ESTP :laughing: I would guess ENTP/ENFJ (Fe-Si)
Now I watched more closely Ted Cruz & I think he's an ENTJ - He's very fixated and obsessive about the same ideas which come back all the time (Ni) He's a little bit scary and very intense &...
Aren't they cute together? :laughing:
I didn't know ENTJ and ENTP can be a couple without killing each other :laughing:  When my INTJ husband is in Te mode and shuts down everything I say because we can't realistically do it or because...
I'm on the team, Tris: ISFP and Four: ISXJ team. Neither of them are N. Caleb seems to be an INTJ in the film.
Agreed!! Thanks!!! Especially for Hiro, Tadashi & Bymax.  Hiro is very Ne - and the fact he can't express what he feels and still have high-moral values and is very attached to people he loves...
Yeah, I think it's better when you have your own practice - you can choose your work and it's more litigation work as well. I used to work for a big F500 company as in-house lawyer and it was mainly...
Aren't you an ENTJ? I don't think we are supposed to be cold, we are actually quite animated & sometimes (well often we you master Fe) empathetic and charismatic like only a Fe user can be.
Yeah I do sports as well - it's more to be proud of myself & stay in shape (my Si is super happy) but I'm not coordinated and I don't actually enjoy doing it. ESTPs like to talk about...
First time I saw someone who likes Putin :laughing: (and not being a russian)  -I'm pretty sure Cameron is a SJ - I'd bet on ESTJ like @TyranAmiros  -Boris Johnson is a fake ESFP/ESTP, he's...
Nice, ESTPs are super fun, aren't they? :laughing:  I think the big difference is Se/Ne - the ESTPs I know are all super at ease with their body, sporty ( most ENTPs are not mister universe kind of...
Yeah, and as a Fe Ter, I find her to be quite cute :laughing: Don't you?:crazy:
I can see where you come from for Sara  But I think she is more Fi than Fe, I can't say why exactly, but I get this Fi vibe from her, the thirst of adventure & heroism & a different life. ISFJ are...
I can't see Amy as anything else than XNTJ - she has to have primary/aux Te - to plan everything like she did.
Yes! I can see Clare as ISFP - she's a little bit to stubborn to be an ESFP :laughing:  Magnus, I was still thinking ENTP - he's speech is quite eleborated and he seems to be more cerebral than...
I agree with you. Some patterns that appeared when I aged (I'm 31, so still younger than you ;-))   - I'm very maternal with my children, I used to dislike kids when I was younger, I found them...
I'm interested in this - do you have a link? I tend to think we become more Fe-Si when we age - so more settled, more calm, more empathetic, more ..... maternal, religious? Well Fe-Si things.
Ahah so true- I went to law school and most people are XSTJs, with some XNTJs and SPs  80% of work as lawyer is actually paper work and very repetitive and boring things, as an ENTP I actually...'"


1687: Dinner and donuts. more adventure
intj
just ask
objective. sorry had to
lol she dies? i only watched the first season
welcome
ENTP! WHAT!?  welcome
welcome!
hey, welcome!
LALALALALALLALAOLOLOLOLOLLALALALA  beware
prove it
IDontThinkSo
California. It has everything!
Too fucking good.
I berate myself into doing it if it's important. Otherwise, I just let it go and don't worry about it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cG21b8Kx2DI  You gettin mad? I'm gettin rich  :exterminate:
sexy sex sex
jk  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digit_ratio  5 Things a Man's Finger Length Says About Him
http://palmreadingguidelines.com/palm-reading/palm-reading-guide-lines-mounts-fingers.jpg  Am I doing it right?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5pggDCnt5M   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jmgkAcW5O4  ...
hahahaha
Ok. Maybe not TOTALLY meaningless but    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5pggDCnt5M
Myself.
yay! :crazy:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYwrRnglNsM&amp;feature=youtu.be
Oh, and people that take their whole identity based upon an online test they took.
People that take MBTI too seriously
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCzcWkLmlc8&amp;feature=youtu.be
Domain Search  BOOM!  Lean Domain Search | Find a great domain name in seconds  BAM!  Naminum - The ultimate company name, startup name and website name on the web
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ww7Jzc2CNEo&amp;feature=youtu.be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxVJiNyMZQY
You cry and you scream and you stomp your feet and you shout. You say, 'You know what? I'm giving up, I don't care.' And then you go to bed and you wake up and it's a brand new day, and you pick...
401778401786401794
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8R7v4c9Q_mY
401770
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fN5T8y8bCJ4
:stomp:       :jupiter:
You're so fucking typical.
So glad you agree. You must be INTJ.
INTJs def prefer cats. If you love dogs then you are not an INTJ
Everyone loves ussszzsasdzsdzsdzsdzsdzsdzsd
Yeah
Wazz good yall.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GL7K7UpGJOQ
What are numbers?
Preach
nope.  WHY CANT I TYPE IN CAPSSS?!  NOPE NOPE NOPE.
Nope.
A group of ENTPS could never make a fight club
Oh is it? haha I actually usually test as an ENTP but alright   I might as well be an ESTP now"


1699: '@MisterPerfect In addition to my previous comment, I see a fundamental misunderstanding of how significantly literal Mormons take their teachings.  1) Mormons believe that they ARE Christians....
I was born as a Mormon and stayed in the Church until my mission at age 21, so I'll give you a more accurate understanding.  Mormons are expected (i.e. required if they want to be allowed to...
doesn't matter who shot first, as long as I got mine off too
fuck her right in the pussy.
Me too.   I'll suggest 4, 6, or 7. We haven't talked for a while so I'll need a refresher, but last time we talked you seemed to be more 4 or 6 than 7 imo, but maybe that's just our Socionics...
I read his first novel, The Kite Runner, several years ago. I could say much of what you said for that book as well.
And the book was...?
i'll passive-aggressively say that you can passive-aggressively thank my passive-aggressive posts all day ;3
That dude will suffice.
I'd like somebody to give me big head. :blushed:
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/7b/a4/f5/7ba4f5d4f347d2244754593825d2b9a3.gif
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7tOAGY59uQ
how dare thee insult the name of the lord thy god.  Thy lord hath reported thouuuuu!
Do not be afraid. God has come to test you, so that the fear of God will be with you to keep you from sinning.
I'm thinking about you, babe. :blushed:
sup kev
-Thanked for the bewbz.-
So I was fucking this girl, and then I stopped. She wasn't intense enough.  So I was fucking another girl, and stopped. She wasn't intense enough either.  Sx instinct makes life hard, man.
natural lighting is nice
im srs tho
Dear Angelic,  Can jet fuel melt steel beams?  Sincerely, Dalton
I compiled a list from all the previous posts in order to organize this thread. From now on, it would be more effective if people copy this list and add their name to it, so that people do not have...
I doubt that I'm type 5 because: - I'm not obsessed with technology or astrophysics. - I have difficulty reading anything longer than a page. - My reaction to many of the things about type 5 is...
They are all integers which can be divided by 2 and yet remain as integers.  (I can't reliably say anything else, since I'm not entirely sure that I'm not reactive instead of competency.)
lol i don't really know for certain if I'm ENTJ, so having Elistra do it makes more sense, if MBTI matters at all. :P
drink
Tzara Awww you mentioned me but then you replaced me...   Am I not ENTJ enough? You think that Elistra is BETTER than me!?!?! :crying:
Swordsman of Mana I often see 4 connected to intuition, yet you list 678 as the best intuition. What's your view on this?
How is this 1-ish? :confused:
Thinking 4w5.
Lots of people complain about other people mistyping as 4s while typing themselves as 4.  So, my controversial opinion of the day is that...    I'm Sexual 4! ...and everybody else who's typed...
Banned for pretending that he knows shit about Yu-Gi-Oh! http://940ee6dce6677fa01d25-0f55c9129972ac85d6b1f4e703468e6b.r99.cf2.rackcdn.com/products/pictures/312547.jpg
banned for snitchin' to the Poe-Poe.
I've been avoiding type 4, but now that I've given it a chance, I realize that it's the most accurate type for me. After talking to people, I continue to think that I'm ENTJ and Sx/Sp. Thinking 416...
Smoking crack might be a little safer. Smoking crack ONCE might be a little safer.  Crack addiction, probably not so much.   Just realized that crack could be a pun for what you're doing to...
I'm game.
Yeah, I'll definitely be awaiting the explanation on the 2wB fix. :redface:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZIU4z95LkE
you said this
2/2 2manywolves
ahhhh, pluck it... ahhhh, pluck it... ahhhh, pluck it... PLUCK IT REAL GOOD   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCadcBR95oU
That would be problematic, since his skull is probably smaller than your fist.
lol @ teen boys wearing Ronald McDonald shoes to make their feet look bigger because they think that foot size is correlated with penis size.  Also, that haircut and ballcap, teen fashion is just...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibRMmLlLz64
Similarly, how might an Sp 4 falsely appear as Sx?  ...ah, Kintsugi beat me to the question.
As per my notes on Beatrice Chestnut, Sp 6 is liable to type oneself as Sx separately from 6.
1: way too strict and demanding  2: plays with the kids a lot and likes to bake cookies  3: brings the kids to soccer practice  4: tells them you can be whatever you want to be and therefore...
I can see Sx 7 quietly sneaking up on us.
If you're close to hurting yourself, call a hotline immediately.  If you have a good emotional imagination, I have a suggestion for you: Run. Force yourself to run. I know it's hard. Depression can...
MBTI -> Least likely to value specific enneagram? (Strongest effects are in bold.)  1 - NFP 2 - INT 3 - IFP 4 - STJ 5 - ESJ 6 - ENP 7 - ISTJ 8 - INFP'"


1717: 'just don't drink and drive!
get black out drunk
if you wanna stop smoking weed just stop sheesh
https://fbcdn-sphotos-a-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-frc1/t1.0-9/1902920_10201923804808072_8765195351802367863_n.jpg  like this  I dress modestly, my hair is generally always a mess. That's pretty...
creepy hahahaha
I am 6 foot and skinny
being smart
You realize you want them back and then you realize you only want them because they are gone.
turn off my watch
Immortality would be cool but I'm down to explore the universe as a ghostie.
I just look at my notes and repeat every fact fifteen times to myself. I then go over questions in my head and generally get the right answer. It seems obnoxious and it is tedious and boring, however...
Blaring free jazz with hired hotel valets standing in the corner to add mystique. Smoke machines are activated randomly adding to the dream like feel. If a song is requested the DJ plays that song...
no blue and orange are opposites.....you clearly have a unconscious agenda
Daniel with no sleep gets shit done man although my movement is sloppy. When I'm burnt out I'm much more focused.
Of not shit of not...I'm running coffee and barely any sleep forgive me lmfao
Oh hahaha I thought you were just bragging about how you got laid. You will be okay. You have a 70% chance of knocking a girl up with a condom...I hope you aren't lucky
walking to VCU and seeing people in blue capes being filmed reading from the old testament....what is life?
I don't wanna hear about this
ENTP's the George Costanza of MBTI
You make a good point lol. I'm generally happy I just get someone and I'm like better find everything wrong with them and break it off quick then instantly regret it.   PS: I don't recall pleading
A girl I had a crush on for years liked me back and I sabotaged it like that, I still don't know why I did that. Fear of commitment I guess...I really did like like her too lol. Entp's are strange...
lmfao I know that feel
Sound like a classic Daniel running away from commitment.
Yeah I get very embarrassed when people call me out.
The term sociopath is thrown around too easily these days. I know I'm not one, I care about people too much. Sociopath's are broken people, who objectify everyone and don't have to do mental...
The entp forum is serious business. I'd really appreciate it, if you took your business elsewhere.
Conflict is great man I dig bringing strong personalities to meet and watching them bat heads.
I've rationalized politicians cheating and been like should I hate FDR and Martin Luther King, I mean they both cheated on their wives. I'm sure these would be the mental gymnastics that would run...
I can go a long time without real social interaction. I become bored but I eventually cope and I realize hey I don't need people. Then I have a great conversation and I get that extrovert rush and...
Breaking Bad can be really silly though at times too. When the drug cartel guys decided to murder Shrader in the middle of a crowded parking lot. Remember when it turns out the fourth season was a...
I went through this exact thing hahaha. I'd get panic attacks fairly often and it sunk me into this depression where I didn't do anything because I thought what if I have a panic attack. My panic...
repeat the vocab with definitions 15 times to yourself and it'll get locked in your brain the next morning problem is that you'll never actually learn it but hey it worked for me
Poor bastard caught the feelings
I do this all the time when I get really depressed. I would walk to the mall and then think why am I at the mall I hate the mall.
It's like everything I don't like about myself in a rant.
what's ground breaking about this quiz? Also these questions seem super broad hahaha. Half the time I kept thinking do I like fiction? well it depends....do I like scifi? well it depends.
It's miserable but shit gets done
I don't get it
It's all about getting past the first few days for me at least. My best tip is to get out of bed as soon as you get up lol
what benefits, the urge to bang anything that moves?
I liked how myspace had profile songs
The 50's weren't that good we had Korea and all that jazz. The 50's seems to me like the times when America went from being isolationist to full on military industrial complex.
Arrogant, clever and handsome ;)
Are you kidding me we have had cities forever
Don't you just love it when you don't proofread your posts lmfao
I never read anything about him he's just someone people always point to and call a sociopath. He's certainly no Jim Jones or Marilyn Manson
I don't know but I feel like a normal person has to twist his bad deeds into something that makes him sleep with himself at night. (it's a dog eat dog world, I deserve this, if I hadn't done it...
Mad Men  House of Cards It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia Twin Peaks
I was just saying
Imagine how profitable it would be for a politician to feel no remorse lol. I wouldn't be surprised if Lyndon B. Johnson was one. Then again though sociopath's are also stupidly impulsive and despite...'"


1722: 'Your answers seem to indicate a preference for Si over Ne and Fe over Ti, meaning xSFJ is the most likely typing for you. I'm leaning towards ISFJ since you seem more reactive/receptive, indicating...
I'd say ENxP, Tentatively. You're communication/writing style is infused with elements of Pe (Ne, most likely), with a few elements indicating Ti/Fe.  I initially assumed ENFP, but your preferences...
It seemed the most befitting given your overall presentation. You seem to convey an air of control without being too pushy (Se-lead + 8), a Je-lead 8, for example, would appear more directive,...
Si is an internal mapping process, It's function in the psyche is the synthesis of information. Attention to detail and technique are facets that can be more cohesively attributed to Se and Ti,...
Your videos seem to confirm my SeTi (ESTp) analysis. I'm seeing various signals that indicate Fe/Ti and Ni/Se, as well as loose/syncopated swaying indicating Pe-lead. Je-leads are more controlled in...
Yes. Through VR methods, I can see the functional pairings you exhibit very clearly. For example, you contract the zygomaticus major muscles when smiling, this is indicative of Fe.   Example's...
I'm going to withdraw my initial Fi/Te hypothesis. After seeing the picture you posted in this thread:...
I'm going to withdraw my initial Fi/Te hypothesis. After seeing the picture you posted in this thread:...
Nope. Natalie seems to have a balanced development, meaning she makes ample use of her lower processes. If we're speaking in terms of Jungian functions, she's clearly operating on Se and Fi. I don't...
Here are a few clear examples of ESFP's and ISFP's. Though the differences are subtle, each has a distinctive demeanour.   ESFP's: Keira Knightley -  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPGOssg_eKc...
All of what you describe could easily pertain to Se dominance. Extraverted sensing doesn't necessarily indicate a proclivity for sports and athleticism per se, there are numerous Se users who do find...
Keep in mind, the attitude of your dominant function has little to do with social extraversion/introversion. ENxP's, for example, can be rather sedentary, with a focus on imagination. This is due to...
I believe answering a simple questionnaire is an inherently flawed method of discerning type due to the innate subjectivity of 'self perception'. I would instead recommend you turn to introspection...
Drawings of images from popular culture do not exemplify your discernment processes in any way, however, your attention to detail, tone and hue could indicate a receptivity towards Se.   xSxP is my...
Yeah this was very helpful, thanks a lot :)
Hey, sorry for late reply :P Those tests sound like a good idea.   What's the first thing you would notice when you walk in to a room and why? Usually nothing because I'm stuck in my own head most...
Pretty much all of them... I think I'm an ENFP, but I cant say I'm 100% certain.
Hey, I'm actually trying to find out the order of my Jungian function as a means of typing myself since I find it more accurate, thanks.
Hey, I recently made a thread in which I described my thought process to try and determine the functions I use but I'm still unsure so what I'm wondering is would it be possible to determine...
Is it possible for an ENFP to lose touch with Fi or ignore it in some way?
Could you give me an example of how Ne and Fe work together?
Sounds good, what questions should I ask?
I suppose Ne would make sense, I've tested as so many different types and I can almost relate to them all in some way or other, I'm pretty sure this would be Ne in action and seeing things from...
Is there any way I can further demonstrate my cognitive process to make it more clear for the both of you? I'm starting to think that what I said earlier wasn't enough to go on.
I suppose the best way would be to determine weather or not I use Fe or Fi. As far as the value thing goes I don't really have any strong opinions on anything political, I have my views and learn...
Thanks for the answer :) I've tested as INFP a few times but it really didnt fit the bill, I've looked at videos of INFP's and they have certain mannerisms and present themselves in a way I just...
After studying the cognitive functions I'm still unsure of what I actually use. I will attempt to describe my thought process when approaching a problem and hopefully you can determine what function...
isfp because of weird gore fetish pic
Yeah but to me ESTP type 7 makes alot of sense, but he says any type 7 is Ne dom.
Okay now thats awesome but there is something else, grehoy basically said that you cant be ESTP and enneagram 7 but have seen so many ESTP 7s so umm what the fuck?
Damn thats why I was getting confused. Does Ni also detect how people are feeling and their motives or if they are lying? because i can usually tell these things but not always.
I'm not a jock or conservative at all :P. I just read this Intuition is sometimes described as a sixth sense. Unlike logical or deductive methods, it is a means of knowing without being able to...
il rek u m8
if it was that simple man
Hey, since my last post didn't lead me to any definite conclusions I thought I'd make another but this time ask all the right questions. First I'l describe myself as best I can.  - I space out...
You are probably ESTP based on what you said. I doubt you are introverted because you said you become bored and depressed when you are alone and since introverts have no problem being alone for long...
Your sense of humor is blunt as fuck. outcum ;)? I would type you ESTP based purely on that alone. Other than that I recommend you take a cognitive functions test and paste your results here and...
hey im new to the forum so best way to start would be to find what i am for sure so here goes.  1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type?  Every time i did a test i kept...
ENTPs inferior function is introverted sensing (Si) ESTP's inferior function is introverted intuition (Ni)  Do you have more trouble retaining sensory information or is it more difficult for you...
What do you think I am?
Yeah I can agree although some things really confuse me, I have shitty short term memory and suck at retaining information, I'm like a human lie detector and can always tell if someone has an...
Thanks man :D
The results can vary but its usually goes something like this  Your cognitive functions are, in order of development: Ne - Se - Ti - Fe - Ni - Si - Te - Fi  Your Extroverted Intuition (Ne) is...
Type 1   Perfectionism

26% Type 2Helpfulness
|18% Type 3Image Focus


|34% Type 4Individualism
|18% Type 5Intellectualism

22% Type 6Security Focus||10%...
Whatever man. So ENTP then? How did you draw that conclusion from my enneagram results?
That really wasn't necessary at all and you clearly know nothing about enneagram. Oh and you're a bitch ;)
[QUOTE=Grehoy;7737089]Do this test and see me when you are done.   Type 1   Perfectionism

26% Type 2Helpfulness
|18% Type 3Image Focus


|34% Type 4Individualism
|18%...
Ah shit, alright man I'l take the test again and post the whole thing.
Those where my test results, what else did you need?
Okay so what now?'"


1723: 'Man I feel so low.   I went on a diet in December and I was worried it was a bad idea because I had recovered from anorexia... but I thought surely I'll be ok. Then I was diagnosed with...
1) Age or Age Range?  23.   2) City, Country and/or Region?  Western Australia and atheist as shit.  3) Tell us something about your social life?
Excuse me, my tampon's full  You're just like my dad!  Taylor Swift is my hero
Pfft games hands down. I don't watch many films.   I love them because I don't get tired of them. I grew up loving them. No matter what mood I'm in they're fun.  There are only so many times you...
I don't think so. I know what I believe in mostly but I am always looking for things that challenge it to ensure that I can keep growing and learning.   I'm comfortable with not knowing exactly how...
That's why I said sometimes.   Your ideas of how things work are very black and white. People aren't either brainwashed sheep or hyper aware logical outcasts. The majority isn't always right but...
Yep. I can't tell if you're a troll. If not though...  Sometimes, when lots of people say something, it's because it's correct.   But whatevs I'll be off now.
No.     Energy? What?    I am extremely interested in privacy.
Paranoia.  It sounds like the problem isn't the cameras, it's how you're dealing with the cameras. There's nothing you can do about them, all you can do is change how you feel and think. If you...
I play piano and sing every day. I used to write songs, I don't so much any more.   I used to do a lot of visual art too.   Oh actually I'm hugely into fashion. Putting together amazing outfits...
I could be totally wrong but I have a theory that needy extroverts like to hang around introverts because they can dominate the conversation and get the attention they want, and needy introverts like...
Ahhh yeah. I try to conceal my nature and probably come off quite aloof. But it's in everyone's best interests. All my life I've had a parade of lonely people following me and it's just as bad for...
Well I'm a girl, and I've run into trouble with introverted insecure guys just as much as I have with girls, if not more.   The thing is though about four years ago I got fed up and since then, I...
Totally. I'm logical and I plan. I quickly evaluate people and I mean the amount of mental notes I take is ridiculous.   I also particularly look out for insecure people because they can be a real...
Oh totally. I mean, when I say facilitate, it kind of encompasses manipulate. I don't fuck with people, but I want the team to work well and if that means I need to stroke some egos, play dumb and...
Yeah I think I've always valued teamwork and been good at facilitating it, but it didn't really occur to me how much it influences success.   I only really consciously thought about teamwork though...
LMAO.   https://49.media.tumblr.com/2a5c188317a93c172465f2ad77710bc0/tumblr_nknw1eSlHN1tq9q5vo2_400.gif
Lol.  I'm the one who is informed about science.   You're the one offering up theories that are completely unbacked by facts. You have ignored every single example I've provided.  You have...
No I said you were wrong about narcissists not criticising themselves. It's you who obviously didn't understand me, I haven't changed my tune. Well I have changed my mind on one thing actually, I...
Alright fair enough. If you think modern psychiatry and psychology is useless then I have no interest talking to you about any of your theories because we disagree so fundamentally that there's no...
Any science about emotional maps? Because if there isn't you can't really use it as evidence.    It's a common misconception that narcissists always have great self esteem. There are two...
My dream job involves working in psychology I'm not sure what area or role. I'm extremely interested in consumer psychology, however I think I'm probably more suited to doing therapy sessions given...
I don't think anyone can say for sure, it could be either. As an ENFP lady though, I have a lot of misunderstandings with guys who think I'm interested when I'm not at all.   My advice would be...
Don't let other people tell you who you are, what you want and what you think Don't put much value on popularity, ENFPs won't always fit in and that's not a bad thing Don't fool yourself into...
Is it just me who is skeptical of the whole feeling the days of the week and not buying second hand anything because it has the energy of its previous owner?  Also, no I don't identify with that....
It's called internet etiquette. Sort of like showering. You don't have to do it, but if you do, people will probably like you more.
Lol what!? I'm not a guy... And I didn't say you can't comment, I suggested that if you present your points in a well presented and well formed manner you're more likely to get a positive response....
I'm so glad this is in general psychology, it's the most intellectual discussion I've seen in a long time. ...
No. o_O
True, true. I definitely do that. It's a good way to make friends for sure.    I agree that you can hold different opinions and they'll accept you. But I did used to find them quite elitist. I...
I find goths (For the most part) frustrating. Because so often, they're so determined to be goth that they end up turning into cookie cutters. It's ironic.
I agree the types you listed are pretty weird, but they're not that flamboyant because they're introverts.   I do think you're generalising quite a bit about ENFPs. I don't think they're...
I've never seen this before but I just watched the start and I liked it. It kind of reminds me of Peep Show.
Everyone is entitled to their opinion. But if you go on an internet forum and don't bother to use capital letters at the beginning of your sentences most of the time, then that's a red flag to most....
I think ENXPs are probably the height of flamboyance and eccentricity. Others come close, but we're quite overtly strange.
I'm such a stubborn individualist, I thought No way will they all resonate but yep, I loved these! Thanks for sharing.  I thought it was going to be mushy, sentimental stuff, and that makes my...
No way, I didn't even eat half the plate cause they were gross. Very strange.
I ate raw vegan zoodles because a friend suggested them. They were god awful, $25 and they gave me stomach cramps.
Yeah, I really don't like fantasy. I'll only watch a movie if it has amazing views, TV wise I like gritty drama, satire and documentaries... That's so cool you studied biology! In my degree next year...
I did a semester but had to leave due to illness. But I'm better now so I'm just going to start over. In the interim though. I've read a disturbing amount about it. Like... textbooks. So I feel...
It's hard to explain. Like, it's rare you'll get me to see a movie, it's impossible to get me to read a fiction book. I like the real world. I like learning about history, politics, and science. I...
You'll find a thread already about this here: http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-forum-inspirers/707202-what-your-ideal-date.html  Your date is funny, I like it it's individual and whimsical ^_^
I'm not sure yet, I think I'd like to spend a few years doing regular therapy with psychological disorders, and then focus more on abnormal psychology. Both really interest me so we'll see =)
https://49.media.tumblr.com/eef421595ae9f6629cc65c5ef105265b/tumblr_n8q8jn7bSk1qf4vn7o1_500.gif
Welcome back! I left in 2010 and came back last year so I'm a resurrected member too ^_^ ... and a Whovian
Well I've always been fascinated with abnormal psychology and how the brain works. Like I read a book about psychopaths and the parts of their brain that are either underdeveloped or atrophied and I...
https://45.media.tumblr.com/3a60dff4fd46ff4b91a04bc1acf91cca/tumblr_mzfyczX02I1tq4of6o1_500.gif
Well I'm going to university to study Psychology which is a science but it's not super sciencey. I'm very interested in psych and neuroscience, but I absolutely love learning about physics, the...
I'm sorry to hear you went through something so awful, but I'm very happy to hear that you have the strength to forgive, and find peace in doing so.   I used to forgive my abuser. But then I met...
I have a few questions.   I had it from when I was 14, but it only got life destroying when I was 19-21. Then I recovered. Yay! But now I've been diagnosed with Fibromyalgia and it's made me so...'"


1749: 'Say some insightful stuff to someone who has hiring authority, Haha, could I say I had such imagination from time to time, pretending I am wise and cool. Though I think I should have more practice...
But actually yourself are nevery changed. You are still the guy who you are. When you find you are not ENTP, maybe it is good. You have a better perspective of who you are.
Sounds really interesting! To see different people, bringing a solution out of tons of information, and try to convince the contractor to execute the offered solution are really interesting! It gives...
They say there are different postions in consulting companies. One is to meet with clients. They communicate for more information of clients and try to figure out the solution, and the other is...
As an ENTP, I found it very difficult to perceive the deep emotions of  people and give an approperiate feedback to make them feel better. For me, when I found someone is in difficulty, the first...
Have my thanks as your first thank received in the personalitycafe:)
I like you. I still remembered your word  I never come to the world to punch the clock . It is very encouraging. :proud:
Thank you very much for your kind suggestion. Hmm...maybe I should have a good thought about my career, it seems even less linear. :rolleyes:
It must be cool to see how you persuade your customers and close the deal.  Your words really enlightened me. To make every meeting a little project to achieve. It sounds like seeing the whole set of...
They say ENTP's life path is anything but linear.:)  process engineering--finance---technical marketing are awesome changes. I think for guys of other characters, they would rather move away from...
I am so grateful about you. I learnt a lot from your posts!:happy:
From my experience, ENTP is quite different. The careers& jobs designed in the society are usually not so suitable for the character of ENTP. I have some questions and I need to be enlightened.  ...
From my experience, ENTP is quite different. The careers& jobs designed in the society are usually not so suitable for the character of ENTP. I have some questions and I need to be enlightened.  ...
Revolution is not that romantic, and in most occassions, it is full of pain, bloodshed and terror. Unless someone really means it, and is willing to sacrifice everything he owns, even his life, it is...
If you want to change, you can change it. Thought it takes some time:happy:  I was like you, and it really tasted bitter. You feel the sense of powerlessness, and you had no willpower to change it....
You are so fantastic, and I hope I could have the similar life and persue the dream as you did!
I love you story, it is really cute:tongue:
I love this sentence, You were never born to punch a clock.
Didn't mean to blame anyone. Instead of saying he is not fasinating, I prefer to say he's lack of experience. Romance is like a win-win business, it depends on two sides to enjoy the process. If one...
Man, it is easy to let a girl to know you love her. It is almost written on your face. The question is how to let her accetp the love, and you two can start a romance.   I would say, frankly, you...
Thank you for the post. It helps me know better about how NFs are brought up. Since I am an N type, so a lot of good friends of mine are NF guys. Some of them are males and some of them are females....
Take the gentleman in my avatar as an example, he is an N type guy.   Hope it would be helpful for your judgement.
The best and quickest way to tell a guy N or S is to look at his/her photos:  If the eyes are often in a lost focus condition, he/she is an N. If the eyes sparkle, he/she is an S.
Yes! That is it!  It seems really a good choice to meet more people. I found she seems like fefueled after meeting with people, especially with life experience. I think it is really a good...
Yes, time heals and makes many things. Meanwhile I would like to know if there is anything to do before the time does its work? I don't mean it is climb off the wall at once. I know she is not able...
Thank you for the comment. It occurs to me that indeed my friend is not willing to face such conflicts in life. The first thing she wants to do is fleeing away. I think it slows down the accumulation...
Thank you very much for the detailed explanation. Now I know much better how NFs function when they try to say no. NFs don't just refuse others by judging the request is reasonable or not, and they...
You are such a kind people. It is not easy to understand NF's priority on the good relatioship with people around. I come to understand more from your answer. :happy:
There is one thing that really concerns me is how you handle the situation as below:     Friends, relatives, you know, may not always be so kind hearted. Maybe they do not do it deliberately but...
Yes, thank you!   Except I cannot find out where the THANK button is. I remember there was such a button.
Thank you very much for your explanation!Yes, I would like to ask more questions if I could.:)  1. In your first answer, you said you would like to give an actual reason why you cannot do the task...
I think genearlly speaking, there are two difficulties NFs would conquer through out their lives:  1. To face the reality other than live in self imagination or feeling 2. To face the confilcts in...
I know you NFs are kind hearted and friendly guys. But there are always occasions which require people do give a refusal other than smile and accept with a bleeding heart. I have a good NF friend....
1. Friend, the potential future is in your hands. It is you who uses your strength and your will to change the future  2. The future is always unknown, that is what fascinates us.      Use your...
I think things may not be that bad as it seems to be.  1. First you said about it is a very important goal like a life goal you want to achieve.    But what on earth is it that ails you?   ...
It is interesting to have such exciting life goals. I have to say it is weird but it is really interesting.   Actually we can also accomplish some real goal if we can train the ability to persist....
Being smart is good, but it is not good enough. You need to learn to hang in by making more attempts.  Guts and persistence make a man man.
Yes, absolutely. I don't speak Spanish though, I use translating software.
Find some goals, starting with something small, and achieve it.  Gradually it will wash off the sentimental thoughts, just like your thoughts go though a wash machine.  If you don't want the farm...
If you don't want to do it, just say No. If a man worth of loving, he will respect your attitude.   You are 32, that doesn't mean you devalued compared with the young girls.   Respect yourself,...
My suggestion is to achieve more and goals by yourself,  rememeber to start from something small.  Gradually you will come to know the reaction between effort and good consequence is not like...
I found myself very difficult to be grounded. I was easy to get exhausted, and easy to divert myself into exploring more possibilities. At that time, I was like a ship without an rudder. I took the...
I think it has nothing to do with personality.   If you like a girl and want to start a relationship, then make it happen. Being home as a otaku is neither convenient to persue a girl you like or...
To talk with someone is only a small angle to know a guy.  Trying to understand someone's real personality, you got to see how they act:  1. in a long term. Chinese old saying It takes a long...
Every type procrastinates. Unless you find out what you live for. Or you are being chased by a bulldog.:laughing:
I think for a while, finding it is really difficult to tell.:frustrating:  Maybe that is why Socrates put Know Thyself as a superlative wisdom. :rolleyes:
MBTI is a very useful theory, and it is only a theory. It only describes part of the story, not all.   I like to introduce it to my friends. Not matter whether they believe it or not, I will make...
If you really have what it takes to live in some foreign countries for several years, I suggest you have some try.  After experiencing different life styles and cultures, you will have answers...
Be the change you want to see in the world.  Not try to escape.   In many other counries, people depict USA as heavens and blame the countries they were born for the reason they are not feeling...
1. Accept worry self-doubt is only part of the emotion, it happens  2. Find the good element in the environment: Things are not that bad.  3. Make the decision what to do next  The three...'"


1750: 'Remember the truth is within and you need others to see it.
Interesting and you happen to have the same tritype as me :) with an exception for Sx/So. So you settled on ENTP. You just made me realize that well-developed and self-aware person will transcend the...
What Parrot did was comforting a poor soul. Like seriously dude why do you give a fuck? If you care about your life on a daily basis you don't need a special day. Women's day, cat's day, AIDS' day,...
I don't own a TV, don't drink and don't give a fuck about my birthday. Day like any other.  But yeah a good medium steak yeah I can eat that any time :)
atamagasuita hey you are cool and crazy, but mainly interesting :) Thanks so much for your input :) I find your style of writing funny and pleasant to read! I'm not gonna comment much because I feel...
Hey just to let you know firefox says that logging to the forum is insecure and can be compromise. I've seen some changes implemented and please double check safety measures. BTW it should be https...
Aridela I do appreciate the input. Two things I don't like coffee and you are on I side of the wall. That's exactly the impression I have had after the conversation that it would be to quiet ;) I...
Hey guys  Recently, I had a discussion about Japan and it's culture, traditions, honorific language (I would had to throw in some curses to balance this shit out), ways of being etc and I thought...
I be frank with you I'm attracted to myself the most so ENTP it is!
They like the melody of my own voice. Yes, I like to talk to myself a lot.
You are pushing my spam limits... I have answered OP question.
no she is not.
ENTPs have too much love. In real life I like ESTPs trolling style.
Sure and I would love to be a nice guy.
ENTP or ENTJ. I find MBTI to be somehow useless so in my mind you have what's needed. TeNi vs NeTi it should be easy to distinguish. Your tritype is fairly common in both cases. You seem a bit too...
It would be fun if she was going to go with your advice and this guy turned out to be an INTP or manipulative serial killer ENFJ.
I second Fi. My first impression was EXFP, went with ENFP because it kind of reminds me of my friend. Another thing to back it up. You sound like 4 Sx, which gives you false impression of being...
You will never get answer to this question darling :)
ENTP, I would rather have others pleasing me. Because my forearms are big enough and I can't do the yoga thing.
Things or people that do stimulate my brain or evoke emotions.  A bonus. Kind of related to your question. Higher level of interesting.  People that make me stop in my tracks when I talk....
Corrected, Yes we like them.
Depends on the mood, settings and a goal I have in mind(if there is one). Anything from total asshole, through you don't exist in my universe to charming prince perfect.
I hate the mindless chatter that can go on and on, especially when they want to cut you out of conversation by talking about some people that you have never seen in your life. I hate family occasions...
We are all both at the same time. If you want to turn anyone into a feeler just piss them off and watch emotional ball of anger raining divine judgement upon your ass. It's easier with hardcore...
You Sir have just mentioned the best, THE best thing ever. Nothing helps better than getting physically wasted :) I even have this saying if there is any sickness approaching me the only thing I do...
This is like a description of my childhood. Wow. I've been told I was a genius and I always was the best at my thing. What better way to feed a 4s ego?    No need to punish yourself or downplay...
As a matter of fact I'm ENTP 4w5 Sx. It truly is a fucked up combination. After, I read the The Complete Enneagram: 27 Paths to Greater Self-Knowledge it became crystal clear.
Go to settings next to 'log out' button, press on achievements and let me know if you can access that.  @Vinniebob you are on my favourite stalker list dude
Same tritype here.  periwinklepromise I wouldn't go down the bipolar alley, I was exploring this and it's just bs. This tritype is so fucking intense in whatever is happening you name it:sadness,...
Why choose if can have it all at once? Doing all the drugs with family sounds like fun.
Hey I want to see my achievements and it's says that I'm allowed to do that. Why is that?
obstinatesnooperr don't waste your time on mbti and crack on enneagram. Gives more useful info.
100 employees
1. Rocky 1 2. Rocky 2 3. Rocky 3 4. Rocky 4 5. Rocky 6  Please, don't be too harsh with the analysis.
It probably was said before but just to make sure.   My blind spot is closely related to what's last (non-existent) in my stacking which is Sp. When I'm chasing intense, adrenaline filled movements...
Quads That's a trolling mastery. Go by functions or descriptions to find the real type. There is no way you can go that wrong. Another reason why tests mean nothing.
What's the point when after few times you know exactly on which spectrum which answer puts you. Never mind the fact that I've checked scoring in a html source ;)
Dad ESTP - perfect for never-ending pointless fights. Fun fact my best mate was an ESTP and I loved the guy to bits. Mum ISFJ - and I truly feel for her, she went through serious hell with me being a...
Vatican is so S, I'm going with XXSS
After long break with anything related to personality theories: The Complete Enneagram: 27 Paths to Greater Self-Knowledge. Some type 8,7,4 sx descriptions quoted from it convinced me to do it....
Why the enneagram quiz doesnt work? Friend of mine would like to get tested but apparently forum's quiz is gone...
Easy, when I look in the mirror there is always one weirdly staring at me.
One option INTJ. No bs, no drama just pure robotic way of being - love it.
Yes, tea and water.
You are intense as fuck
If you truly were intelligent you would know that the whole IQ is bs ;)
Option C. Stay away from debt, wasted time, opportunities and uni. Get yourself in business. Nothing beats real life experience.
Couldn't put that any better.  People before you claim that you are ISTP 4 do your bloody research. Couple online bs tests that's not enough. I do believe that some of them may have 4 in their...
non-existent
NIP is right you can't be both. Often times the best way to figure out what is THE type is to find out whether one uses Fi OR Fe. They never ever work in tandem. You might be neither ;)'"


1764: 'Aaaaan...  I got the perfect solution stronger than coffee and energy drinks, weaker than drugs, healthier than both combined.  You are feeling the same as me, pm to me and I will share.  Stay...
MDMA not so much, cause it's more love, sex, american express stuff, instead of hard focus (although it's based on amphetamine.)  Cocaine yeah, the overlord drug, definitely.  At least, that's...
Guys, my revelation.  2 hours ago I had a strong state of depression, really.  Then I decided to buy something to drink, and I saw two funkin litres of energy drink.  And since I was sad,...
- Producer - DJ - Promoter - Sound Engineer - A&R Scout - Music Reviewer - Graphic Designer - Label Co-owner  I do it all, cause I love doing it all. I really love the idea, combining music...
What do you mean to live as a slave to this? There is no such a thing as freedom, the only people who are free, are dead people. Being free, just to be free? You always have to make compromises in...
That's why INFJs.  I would say even more, I am better at manipulation than them, because they were doing it intentionally (good intentions, bad actions) and I've learned to do it intentionally and...
It's just easier, sometimes when I am trying be me and am firing with complex theories and vision, people are threatened, because I can see most of them don't understand them, and instead of asking,...
I think to some extent Hitler was misunderstood, and I've studied Hitler and Gestapo for almost six years. I will avoid the whole controversy with Jews and concentration camps, because that's another...
That's why I am pretending a 14 year old child, and am using vulgar words like asslicker, dutydutyslaves :D  Also look at the kid on my avatar. Isn't this fucker cool? :D
K, never mind you won't understand. Yes, I am bad and they were good.  Imagine living in fear for 20 years, being uncertain of every thing you will do, because you do not know if that is right or...
Yeah, they are my parents.  Luckily I don't live with them anymore, because sometimes I really wanted them dead (I'm not joking). Luckily everything went to normal after I've moved out. Talking to...
Is that so? Yet you've decided to ask me about my age, so somewhat I got your attention, my dear friend.  If such simple and unnecessary things like funny, vulgar words are bothering you and this...
No, Jester Prince. Or maybe yeah, I am.  It's just an opinion, my point of view (POV - I'm sure u know it from porn) which is subjective and has nothing to do with overall character description of...
Oh god I really don't want to start my point of view on ISFJs again :D  Let's just say, you are a bit annoying for me...fuckin fakers, ass-lickers, dutyduty slaves.
Welcome to my club man.  I am always struggling between ENTP, ENTJ or INTP (never INTJ)  And yep, here's my cognitive quiz results:  Based on your cognitive functions, your type is most likely:...
Clan Malkavian
guess what...  30  but yeah...it's merely a test.
I WOULD LOVE TO MEET HER! My kind of girl :D  Thank you very much for your response INFJs, I think I am starting to understand, but still I would like to know more, and that's why I will tell you...
Would you? ];>
Hello INFJs!  I have a quick question: Are you mean?   Or maybe different question: What will happen when somebody will piss you off?  I don't wanna  know about your faults, oh no. I want to...
1. Sadness + Anger 2. Ugh those drones. 3. Overdistorted guitars. 4. Actually the mix sucks cause you can't hear the percussion properly, the equalisation is not that perfect, but hell I like...
First what came to my mind is that you are singing. Well, I dunno for sure if that's connected but ENTPs have problems with expressing/understanding their emotions and music is all about emotions....
Hello sexy people. Straight to business, I ain't gonna ask you what's you favo music, instead I am posting an axis:  AXIS (Imgur, cause u can enlarge it nicely)  My theory is that most ENTPs will...
I think the guy is just narcissistic and he felt offended and rejected when you could not make it when he wanted to meet up, it's like 'somebody is more important for her than me?!'  Then he...
Jung and Freud were into this shit as well. It's basically suppressed desires, emotions, fears. Also most of the dreams are based on the stereotypes (Red Woman = False Woman, Mirror = Soul etc.) and...
Compensatory Narcissistic Personality Disorder
It's my everyday struggle, and yesterday I had the same problem.  I wanted to do important stuff for me and I knew what should be done, but I simply couldn't do it so I went for a cig and here's...
Oh man:  (bla bla bla) Me: I think you should go the gym and do some excercise (this was meant to be a tease)  She: Oh right so now you think that everybody should have a perfect body that the...
Sometimes I fuck with them...  Sometimes I fuck with their minds...  But objectively.  Poor girls that wants to prove to themselves that they are attractive and valuable and most of them know...
Here I come.  Music production is my career.  Why? Well because nowadays it involves:  - Physics - Sound Design - Music Theory - Playing instruments
Wrong! Ketamine is the perfect ENTP drug.  And I am not talking bout this silly small doses taken by partygoers. I am talking about K-Hole guys, oh yes. K-Hole makes other drugs shit, K-Hole boosts...
YES!! That's beautiful.  I would add that MOST ENTP will be looking for a caring one. We are children at heart (deal with it) so mommy, daddy who is not limiting our vision would be perfect.   I...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Pm4BRY5v4A
She offended me in a CHALLENGING WAY.   It's like: You can't do it. What do you mean I CANNOT DO IT.  And I know that being blonde has nothing to do with intelligence, that's what I was trying...
Okay, so my ENFP friend (who really has amazing insight) told me that I like stupid, but beautiful girls as my partner. And that she has a theory that intelligent guys are more willing to choose...
U guys are talkin bout sex and stuff.  Now that's my kinky stuff that turns me on (I'm serious):   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEk3CFxtLRs  Especially that it's called FUNK. Hell yeah! ...
Piano Hammond Organs Guitar  Synthesiser CDJs   Ableton Bitwig Renoise
What do you need man?  I mean:  - What equip? - What software? - Turntables or CDJs? Or Traktor/Serato or Ableton or Bitwig? - You mean podcasts or live sets or live acts? - You want to...
Well I am a little bit naive, when goes to human interaction, I mean I sometimes cannot read people's intentions and that's why I am reserved. Of course I am working on that and they cannot see my...
Yeah I feel you. I have exactly same shit. I think the question is different.  Anybody hurt you in the past? If so, are you comfortable to write about it?   If not, we will move on and focus on...
Don't be angry.  Humiliate them - that's the biggest pain for them.  However I am angry very often. Small objects or when something is not working as planned, now that's the stuff that really...
I gues it's not.    Nah, actually I don't.    Well know I understand that I really like it and need this kind of person, it was just pissing me of that other ppl were bitchin about my TYRANT...
Yeah, I think that's enough :D  Summary:  - I am immature but I like it - I treat people like shit because of my past - I am a sociopath   Yeah, I think you are right but I love being that...
Most ENTPs are ectomorphs because of our thyroid being too active. We have BURSTS of energy rather than its constant flow and we are burning it really fast.
I don't see it as immature, but if it is well thats ok. I won't bullshit you that I will change that, cause I won't. It will be interesting how our responses will develop and we will react on...
Whoops, double
You have to give me your definition of BEING IMMATURE to further discuss this issue with me, because it can be different for me and I don't want to start something before knowing your definition.  ...
Damn, now I feel like some DARK CHARACTER. I don't know if I wrote some wrong or it is really not a problem for me.  I don't recognise my girls as my stuff, like you know Saudi Arabia feel....
Whew, what I've just read is: Don't be sucha whiny ass and chill the fuck out cause you re going paranoid.   Yeah, I think thats the case. Actually I am really scared of having children right now,...
Thank you for your replies, thank you, thank you.  This Philophobia issue is interesting, especially that my name is PHIL - YEAH!  About this kissing stuff. Am I afraid because I dont know how to...'"


1776: 'Hey ENFJs, I have recently met my college dorm mate, and learned he is an ENFJ. Do you have any advice for an ENTP with an ENFJ roommate? What should I avoid doing so I don't tick him off or...
Idk the ESFJ I dated I wasn't actually dating in the conventional sense. We were a couple but it was a very complicated situation. I didn't really get frustrated with her much, because she wasn't...
How to find ENTPs to date  1. Find a pointless Internet debate on Facebook or tumblr or whatever 2. Ask out the person winning by a landslide
That would be me
You mean the Christian wife thread?
You seem to be assuming that your hypothetical Christian women are being forced into marriage with a domineering, arrogant, sexist husband. However, any Christian man shouldn't be behaving in that...
It basically comes down to whether you're using Ti or Fi. I'm by no means an expert, but if you're using Ti it will function to evaluate Ne ideas, spot logical inconsistencies, stuff like that. The...
No, but you can use train your eyes to be more observant, or to react more quickly, or to improve reading speed. Though you cannot improve your vision, you can improve its functionality. In the same...
What methods have you devised, discovered, or theorized to improve Ne and Ti (both independently, and I'm conjunction with each other)?  While you're at it, actually, just throw in any advice you...
That hasn't got anything to do with being ENTP, it just has to do with being manipulative
Allegedly, yes. I have not known many of either so I can't speak from experience much
Not sure if this exists yet, but whatever
So a) wow  b) I almost actually divulged into an explanation of what would probably make her hate you  c) then I realized that doing so would be kind of a completely horrible thing to do d) then I...
So just like, super deep self-analysis?
Short answer: yes, they are.  I think the reason for this is that NTs in general value logic and reason. Pair that with the fact that over the years there have been so many religious leaders...
It seems to me that everybody, myself included, is seeking happiness. Of course, happiness is an extremely abstract concept and it's very hard to nail down what exactly it is, or where it comes...
How exactly does one delve into their psyche? Like, do you just start analyzing yourself or is there a specific process or something?
Do you have a motto or a one-line life philosophy? I don't, but I'd be interested to hear what you guys have to say. If you can, please elaborate on why you relate to it/how it has affected...
I'm an English major so yeah. My biggest problem is jumping from idea to idea, not surprisingly. One minute I'm working on a Batman comic, the next thing might be a story about if Peter Pan was evil,...
110850  Does this answer your question?
Okay I guess I will have to try to figure out if I'm mostly rational or mostly ethical. You said you thought I was Ji dominant, does that mean I'd be an INxP?
I don't really understand all of that but I think I get the gist of it. Basically you're saying it depends on whether I use logic through ethics or ethics through logic, right?
So, I have taken many tests over the past months, and I've gotten a lot of different results. Most commonly ENTP, but also other stuff like ENFP, INTP, and INFP. I figured since ENTP fit me pretty...
Yes, I have been carrying on a similar conversation in the INFJ forum and they are not this way at all. They insist that there isn't anything great about them, almost to the point of being...
This is fascinating because I relate to the future in the opposite fashion, as an open world of possibilities. Yes, there are risks, but I'll probably be fine. The potential outweighs the danger for...
Ah. What didn't I see that before? Now it all makes sense....sort of...
What in blazes does this mean?
I know that we ENTPs put a lot of effort into self-improvement and stuff like that. What areas do you find yourself emphasizing most of your efforts to? What tips/tricks/methods/techniques have...
What would you guys say are your biggest fears? More of an enneagram issue, but whatever
Do you find it easier to communicate with ENTPs than other types? Why or why not?  Also I noticed you said she would admit she was wrong. That sticks out to me because I hate admitting I'm wrong,...
What was it that made it work? Can you elaborate?
So to what extent have you guys interacted with ENTPs in real life, and what happened?
Alright, I'm an ENTP here, and I don't really know much about ISFJs. However, in socionics, ENTPs and ISFJs are effectively duals (a dichotomy that is frequently overshadowed by the ENTP/INFJ...
Aha now we're onto something. Perhaps this is why INFJs and ENTPs are supposed to have a good dynamic; we love to theorize.
You mean interested in romantically? Also how do you tell when an INFJ is interested romantically?
So the best way to earn their trust is to infer their need to be cared about, and be proactive about it then?
So INFJs feel a need to be comforted and cared about, but simultaneously feel that admitting that need is selfish?
So how does one get an INFJ to really trust them? It must be very hard if you've never gotten that close to someone in person.
So I've read that INFJs are very reserved and hard to get to know. Do you often find yourself asking people questions to learn more about them, or does it require them to make the first move, so to...
Helping people also seems to be a big INFJ thing
So it seems like you INFJs are very concerned with life purpose and stuff  like that. Do you guys agree and can you elaborate?
Interesting. So would you say you and your fellow INFJs have a general lack of respect for society, or do you feel like traditions are usually important, but sometimes hindering? I know ENTPs really...
They should be categorizable to some degree. Personality typing is kind of all about putting people into these 16 categories.
So how would you describe an INFJ in your own words?
That is interesting because I don't believe most ENTPs would consider themselves particularly sensitive. For me personally, I hate showing any deep emotions whatsoever and sometimes I feel like...
As for what ENTPs are like...basically Tony Stark. Kind of arrogant, snarky, hilarious, brilliant, and eccentric. It's not that I've never met an INFJ, I just don't know enough about them to say oh,...
I don't care about sports at all, versus basically...all other American males. Seriously. I don't even know who won March Madness or whatever it's called (apparently some team from the Yukon has been...
Alright, I'm an ENTP here and the ENTP/INFJ dynamic gets really talked up a lot. I've never met an INFJ, at least not to my knowledge, and to be honest I don't really understand what all the fuss is...
I totally relate to that! I will usually forget someone's name three seconds after I've met them, or if I'm meeting lots of people, not even absorb them at all. The only way I can remember numbers is...
Been down this rabbit hole before but whatever, I'll throw my two cents in...  I'd say the biggest issue with organized religion as it's known today is that it isn't very, well, religious....'"


1785: '1. When i was younger i really didn't care but now i need someone who won't get me bored, and i get bored pretty easily. Also i kinda value a person's attitude and the way they behave more than their...
I confess i have a constant desire to leave a situation, person, city at the point when everything finally sets down and becomes good
After watching this video i really don't see him as a feeler or a sensor, seems like an INTP to me  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7QQnz0twQM
ENFJs and INFJs, sounds great!
why not?
Umm define 2. No stabbings  What if you stab it in the right place?! :friendly_wink:
Been with an ESTP on and off for years now, and it never works out (Moments are incredible, the best thing you can ever have but those are just moments). Mainly because at the end you both want...
if Nicki Minaj is entp i am changing my personality :laughing:
But don't we actually enjoy doing it? Playing some other part just to get a reaction from someone?
I see her as either ISFP or INFP, i don't think she is a T dominant, she definitely looks like a feeler to me..as for being intuitive, i am not sure..haven't seen enough episodes to tell
This looks amazing! :shocked:
I'm pretty sure you figured that one out so far :)
ahhaa THIS!!!
http://indonesiaone.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/Excited.jpg
why did you quote my comment for this?  xD
that's totally realistic, making websites is truly an easy thing to do xD But if you want to do both, you need to have a good eye for the design..that's what will put you out there as a freelancer....
You need to decide what you want to do first. Do you want to do web sites? apps? desktop programs? functions for machines etc. If you did that and decided to go with web, html and css is a good...
INFP - Not being nice to people close to them is a truth haha. This is mostly because they feel comfortable around you so they don't need to pretend. You can get into really good conversations with...
eh the real struggle in life :tears_of_joy:    haha this, one is never enough :laughing:
You need to be straight with her. If she isn't happy for you, there is no way for you to change that. What you can do is talk to her. Let her know that you respect her views(id doesn't matter if you...
Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm.  Pope Paul VI
Eh the irony xD  this one is so true :laughing:
hello and welcome! :D
It is really hard to let this one go hahah...the other day i was being bored in class and looked at my friend and told her, i'll mess with this guy's mind, making him think that i am into him..and...
Congrats!
Helloo and welcome!  http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6wgyx2VKd1rziwwco1_500.gif
Polexia well i think their point is for the users to learn by themselves. For exp they show you the tense, and how it is build and they are expecting you to remember that and use it afterwards...but...
what you didn't like about it?
i'm having a huge deja vu now :concern:  have you written this somewhere before?
Not enough, never enough haha :D I've been to Turkey, Greece, Bulgaria, Serbia, Macedonia, Italy, Spain, Montenegro, Bosnia, Croatia, Hungary, Austria, Germany, Czech Republic, Monaco and France   ...
I was being hypothetical but okay
Social anxiety can be managed, don't give up on such a wonderful thing, there isn't a better feeling ^^
I've seen the video but he could also be a Fe with a very strong Ti idk...So that would make him either: Si Fe Ti Ne (ISFJ)or Ni Fe Ti Se (INFJ) but i don't think he is a judging type. ENTP makes...
Witch of Miracles Yea I guess that has a big impact.
Witch of Britannia , gyogul thanks to both :D
I get having this type of attitude towards others but to yourself this is just destructive...how about this, someone walks into a bar and for the mere fun of it kills half of the bar including the...
I thought he was an infp because his unlikeliness of order, but the whole engaging with others could make him an E. Not sure if he is a thinker or a feeler though
I really like that gif ^^ what anime is it from?
Hmm so close to true neutral xD  Neutral Evil    Neutral Evil- A neutral evil villain does whatever he can get away with. He is out for himself, pure and simple. He sheds no tears for those he...
Someone shoots you in the leg, ruins your life and you just move on? seriously?
Hello, welcome and have fun! :winetime:
I could never understand how people can love Excel XD Anyway hello and welcome, enjoy your stay! :)
I'm a retired dominatrix, that will cost you extra. http://66.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lg74hbaKaG1qeekaso1_r1_500.gif
Having a penis really has nothing to do with it. :tongue2:  I used to get in fights all the time when i was younger, guys, girls it didn't matter and throughout the ages i have managed to toned it...
Depends on who pissed me off but mostly i would not show my anger, i would remain calm while slowly bringing that person down..unless the person is someone i can't stand and is pushing my buttons...
i've seen it on tv duh!
I have no idea what you meant by this :D
I've heard that so many times, the stop it part. The funny thing is it isn't such an easy thing to do, because the moment i stop it is the moment that i stopped giving a shit and i am not sure...
That is wonderful to hear but at this point I really don't think I can just stop thinking, maybe in the future but not now.  The not thinking thing is what triggered it this time. Something...
Finished Swedish on Duolingo, but i also have bunch of notebooks where i wrote down all the sentences, one only for words and one only for tenses etc. I don't think you can learn the language just by...'"


1819: 'I don't know about her, but I wouldn't appreciate it one bit being called a pity friend. The thing about us is, we don't get angry much. She's probably not angry over this. But we do get...
I've started watching this series recently, I'm nearing the end of season 1 (so no spoilers XD), and I hold your opinion of the series, I'm absolutely amazed.  As for Reinhard, he's never occurred...
If you also sing it like you're cheering on a sports match, this MBTI stuff is about to get real creepy.. XD
I can't get lost, I might not know which way to go to find something, but I always know the way back!
I prefer to be that person who advises the leader and can get him to do whatever, but to still stay in the shadows. I talk to everyone and am good with everyone and everyone trusts me too much. I...
INTJ The Mastermind You scored 50 I versus E, 0 N versus S, 80 F versus T,  and 60 J versus P!    Your ideal romantic partner is known as the Mastermind.  As a  romantic partner,...
Warmth   3.2
Have a Steam account, although I mostly use it for DotA. I have a few games friends bought me, but I don't play them very often, since I mostly play what others wanna play, since I find it as a way...
Based on your cognitive functions, your type is most likely:     Most Likely: ENTP  or     Second Possibility: INTP  or     Third Possibility: ENTJ       Your cognitive functions are,...
He missed Being able to finish something you've started.
In that case, I'd get angry, but because I'm out of control of the situation. I have to spend the money, no matter what I do, because of somebody else not being competent. But I wouldn't hate them....
I very much like the idea of revolution, but I don't bet it's as fun and amazing as it seems. Things often seem pretty and poetic when we look at them, but when real people start dying we kind of...
Tell her you're the author of this blog: The Voice of Reason and proceed to use that kind of logic to argue your viewpoints.  But seriously, it's nearly impossible to piss us off. See, when...
I don't know who would wean but ENTP/INTJ army would definitely be more fun, so I'm signing up!  Kind of pointless, since I'm an ENTP, but meh.  Really, we'd either mess you up in such a way that...
I am having a feeling everyone will be proposing epic challenges and minority will be actually doing them. XD  EDIT: Maybe we should have the rule of only being able to propose a new challenge...
eleventhheart As if doing it the first time wasn't crazy and time-consuming enough. XD That aside, we should make a thread with a list of ENTPs by gender, age etc. Perhaps just the active ones or...
The worst part of this idea is that no one is actually doing it. We should make thread on how to work on an idea, except by making other types work for you. XD
What the holy duck happened in here?
I don't know for killing, but I'd save either Alexander the Great or Satoshi Kon. The difference in these choices amazes me too. XD
I feel like celebrity gossip is one of the stupidest things ever. I frankly do not care. I don't know anything about those people, I might love them for their work, I might conclude I would probably...
I never played Laser Tag. My stupid city. *cries*  Anyway, I like the Battle Royale idea and I think kids would get it, but the main issue here is that it's kind of difficult to keep an eye on them...
I have an ISTP friend who loves to read.    She does that, too, but she also reads novels.
Know 2 INTJs, known them since we were kids, and one INTP, knew her for a year. Now, that's hardly enough to say for the whole group, but I'll give my opinion.  INTJ They appear reserved at first,...
NT, agnostic, like to say neither atheist nor theist, although I admit it to be completely nonsensical.
Fatar error: Te is missing. Attempting system reboot.
I really liked the game, honestly. First of all, the whole steampunkish setting really got to me. *manly tear, been waiting for that* I usually like the story in a game the best, but the way the...
Exactly! I never felt like the point was that Robin was the one for Ted, I even felt a bit sorry for both of them, knowing Ted will never feel the same. But love is love and love is never the same....
Yes, exactly that! I'm enthusiastic about it for a while, excited to explore it etc, but after a while it just burns out. I still like it, there's just no will to do it so much. People or activities...
I get bored of my friends, but I never love them any less for that. If I felt for them while we hung out every day, I will still feel as strongly at a random moment when I haven't seen them for a...
I voted ENTP believing religion is a problem, because religion, to me, is an organization of people with the same belief concerning God, meaning of life etc. And the part that bothers me about it...
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/007/423/untitle.JPG
I love how INTPs put socializing under quotation marks. :3  And I think it's perfectly normal, and not Se thing. Perhaps, yet, there is S and N type of flirting, but I think it'd be hard to...
Ouch. I thought it would pass after a while... But we, NTs, were never good with letting feelings go until we decide they truly aren't logical, despite what most of us claim. If we still hope,...
Are you sure somebody hasn't just made that to harass some of their friends? I mean, I can't believe they would just let him get away with something like that...  As for the woman in the post...
Not an INTJ, but would surely enjoy that. I wish there was just that pause button and you spent whichever amount of time doing exactly what you described, and then you just came back, no time passed,...
I embrace it as who I am, but do not use it as an excuse (to anybody, including myself). I accept that it's what I am like and use it to understand my behavior, so I could influence it next time, or...
ENTP 7 here who's very fond of commitment, am I kicked out? XD  Kidding, but really, I find it more... how to phrase this... interesting and new and un-routinish to be with one person constantly....
Well, some of them are kind of learning how to speak their own language and/or trick people into thinking they learned something...
You're lucky, people here stop learning before they graduate from highschool.
I'm very good at talking to myself and pretending they're listening me, if I have nothing else to do. If what I'm saying is important to me, tho, I can get really annoyed because we don't connect,...
If you call overly enthusiastically doing things for certain period of time and then abruptly stopping an addiction, yeah, I get addicted quite a lot.
I used to, quit quite recently due to not having time or will to anymore. There's that point in chess when you rock among your peers cuz you're good at it and that moment in chess when it's all about...
Not really, although it could be one of the titles, it seems kind of too shallow to describe us. It addresses only communication and only one aspect of it. The Visionaries is just perfect...
What if I creepily ask people to do the test all the time? XP  ____________________________________________________________________________  INTP > ENTP > INTJ > ENTJ > INFJ > ENFJ > INFP > ISTP...
Heh, I usually do plan time and place and sometimes how long will I stay, but what will I do.. meh.. sometimes vaguely.
*sigh* ... I KNEW IT WAS A THING! XD
You don't have to be a nice guy not to be an asshole. And I'm not sure what a nice guy is, either.
Well.. most young female INTJs I know do brag in a way. But about maturity, not intelligence in IQ sense. Male ones don't (should state that the only ones I know are Ennea 6s, tho), at all, until...
There you have it. Woman fantasize of being that one person for whom he won't be like that or for whom he'll change. They keep trying to convince me they're his only hope etc. _ _ They want to play...
I don't know. I find it pointless to yell at your screen.'"


1822: 'I wish my life was in order... So many ideas and possibilities, yet so much procrastination!
I've never heard those names in my entire life. I regretfully admit that I will only visit Paris
Fantastic, I will go there next month. You need to give me the rundown after you come back so I come prepared!
Oh really? :D
3w2 or 3w4, sometimes is feels impossible to differentiate between the two.
One of the easiest ways is simply finding out about their insecurities (asking the right questions, leading questions are key here) and compliment them on said insecurities. Make is sound sincere!
You should stop pushing his buttons, because what you want to happen will not do so by pushing. He doesn't want you to compare him to anything you might know from his past. This is because he is...
ENTP  http://i.imgur.com/wJZC4TT.jpg
I really want to find a nerd girl who is beautiful and fun, but they seem hard to find.
Not to rain on your parade, but I don't want to see a sagging, aged body at all.
Looking forward to it :)
Knowledgeable, likes to delve into subjects
I suppose the title sounds almost as confusing as what I'm about to describe here. I'm starting this thread because I can't get a grip of who I am, since I'm constantly changing, adapting to achieve...
esthetic
Hello, and welcome :)
Vivid imagination
Fan of fiction, as long as it has a dark side to it.
Intelligent
Ches,  I believe ENTP personalities do have an advantage point in sales, generally speaking. I've sold just about anything, currently I do business in Shanghai, closing deals with distributors...
New here, looking forward to meet you fellow ENTP friends  http://i.imgur.com/5OLUpHg.jpg
Fry eggs, bacon, add black pepper and pizza spice. Then drown it in taco sauce.
Genuine compliments are usually received as smooth enough to go in for the kill.
Hidden attributes, worth pursuing.
Enjoying my precious coffee. First sip, instant happiness.
Worst When I was a teenager, working in industrial/factory and even janitor. One hour felt like one week, incredibly boring. Respect to those who can do it year after year.  Strangest  Living in...
I find it impossible to be just friends with women, thus preferring male friends. Not sure why, but it I can't see past the sexual tension so a new acquaintance becomes a sexual partner or I chose...
1. I'm in sales and abolutely love it. What makes sales so appealing is that you get to use your extraverted side as well as analytical sense. Every potential client is a new challenge and you have...
Sounds great!     I know very little of him as I've only seen one or two videos. He seems energetic and he is, no doubt, extremely successful in his business.
Grandmaster Yoda,  I suppose having one of the featured personality types in this government is a start. Which one are you, may I ask?
Hello everyone,  I'm very excited to discover this website. Like many of you, I also came to a point where I wanted to explore my personality further. This community seems like a great resource for...'"


1823: 'I understand regret, I've just never felt it.
So you are a pure anarchist? Or is this just you explaining you are all non-conformist? Conforming to the ideology of anticonformity. Why are there no humanitarian goths?   Oh, welcome and stuff.
I hate to be the one to say this.. Bah, no I don't, but you have been wrong all your life! ;P  Welcome zeropsia.
Sophie's World by Jostein Gaarder
Dropping a baby on its head will make it smarter. Doing it multiple times just stacks the effects. Your baby will be a genius in no time.
^Death Note?
Do you think the grenade will still go off if I put the pin back in?
Stick to it. You have already put so much effort and time in. Tis silly to throw it all away now. And in a couple years if you don't like it, what would be stopping you from going back and doing...
I enjoyed P.E. Especially the contact sports. Gave me an outlet for my aggression. So no. P.E should not be banned. Maybe optional.
I am. Numb.
*long exhale* People. It is spelt p-e-o-p-l-e! Now, hello and welcome. :kitteh:
Why must I fear you? You should fear me. Anyway, welcome.
Lynx Africa...
If you have a 'just roll with it attitude, your a P. If you have a plan for everything of everyday and stick to it, your a J. Over simplified, but meh.
Welcome fellow INTPness. I hope you like it here. . .  *Punches you in mouth as you attempt to bite my arm off* Down boy.
Veges have familys too...
English is my first then: Maori  Latin  German French  Japanese- though I have no idea how, as I've never studied for it. A bit of Arabic but I'm hoping to speak fluently in a few months. Then...
Kick him in the nuts! But seriously if he is going to be disrespectful in somebody elses home and is causing your mother unnecessary stress he deserves the scorn and contempt you hold him with. You...
Exactly.
Was this thread started to get your post count up? Or to put yourself out there and become known?
I am happy with my past....For now. I could/would have alot of fun screwing my opposite over. But just think of the mind fuck if that were to be confirmed. Our exact opposites...hmmm.
Is there a galaxy out there that mirrors ours? I mean perfectly, with our exact same 'opposites'. I have been exploring the Multiverse theory and this has been nagging at me for sometime now. If...
Do or die.
Your name reminds me of the word Kalashnikov. Anyway hello fellow INTP.
It is always nice to meet another INTP. Welcome to the cafe my friend.
No they lick. Ha
80% of the people I meet end up being manipulated by me. Mostly there's no point to it other than that i can and I'm bored.    Fuck you Scientologists. You are retarded beyond belief. I hope you...
Simple. Knowledge is power.
If only there was, now stay with me here guys, some divine being that gave us free will that we could blame for societies fuck ups. XD  It would have been interesting if there was some proof to...
Shy? Not this INTP. That being said i will be reserved around people i don't know and outright arrogant to people i dislike.
I must say you ESFPs intrigue me. You are always so happy and free with your emotions. They are what guide your decisions which confounds me. Any way welcome to the forum. I am a INTP if that helps...
You said it my friend. That people would rather believe in some god creating us from dirt is insulting. And I'm not even going to start on the bible. I would be here forever.
The rocking city of Christchurch, NZ.
That suggests I've been caught. I am to good to be caught. I will, however, happily watch the others die.
Oh and welcome.
There is an INTP forum at INTPforum.com if you would like to have fellow INTPs give you advice. Many will relate in some form or another. I recommend you introduce yourself there as well. I compare...
A pleasure to meet you Bear987
Si, Se, Ni, Ne are how we gather data. Its up to your Ti, Te, Fe, Fi, P/J to interpret that data. Even then in battle you have to factor in stress/fear and the personality of the particular person(s)...
To you as well.
My thoughts are voiced through debate as a new idea comes to mind it brings with it another voice to join in the discussion. It is very easy to verbalize  or write my thoughts. Expressing emotions...
I thank you for your greetings Mr.Cafebot. Though i expect this is a message every new intro thread gets.
.........Well greetings all. I'm a near sociopath INTP. It's possibly your unlucky day, for you ESFPs have intrigued me enough to actively mingle. If you have questions ask away, just don't expect me...'"


1826: 'Well MLGs are a thing m8   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxLnT5TJjow
We are here just for the lolz
Yep, I do used my friends computer to login now that you said, I was thinking about it being the reason but I dont knew that the site worked that way, there is a way to fix it?
Another possible reactions:  If you give an ESTP a cookie, they'll try to smoke it.  If you give an ISTJ a cookie, they'll include it on their daily report  If you give an INTP a cookie,...
lol Something really weird happened, suddenly my account was fused, like mine account had absorved my friends account named as Kobold. You can verify the trutness of my statement by observing...
Just think that the better you do, faster you'll go through
The more suicidals the world have, less suicidals the world have
Well, if you have hypochondriac attacks, like ever thought about that new internal zit being a terminal stage tumor, maybe you have inferior Si.
I highly recommend The Collapsing Universe on science stuff and Sophie's World that is kind of a novel about philosophy, one of the best books I've ever read in general, it's simply outstanding
So it means that in the time there was no papers there was no scientists? It isn't as bureaucratic as you are making it sounds.  Scientist in a nutshell is someone who is highly engaged in some...
1- I Hate lists 3- People who skip numbers makes me sick 4- I don't like irony 5- And neither uncompleted lists 6-
I'm currently into Savant, this are my favorite songs right now, Melody Circus just sounds like a intense Pokemon battle. So damn awesome to listening to with the volume on high until my brain melt...
Both songs are perfect, if it was a poll, I would vote on Handlebars, also I'm the only one who thinks that Rhett is an ENTP? But in relation about Weird Al songs, I think that this one is more...
Bill Nye is the CEO of The Planetary Society successor of Carl Sagan, and he is probably and ENTP, he also rocks on debates, you dont wanna mess with the Science Guy. Adam Savage from...
Brazil vs Germany in a Nutshell  https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xap1/t1.0-9/10483233_776322772388541_7111288073674762899_n.jpg
Books are usually great, I'm reading more than usual this days, but I can get lost on the track easily @-@ And I'm the only one who reads multiple books at the same time? I'm taking turns between...
Recently I'm reading more literally theory or psychology stuff such as Kersey.  But currently I'm reading both The Collapsing Universe (Isaac Asimov) and Sophie's World (Jostein Gaarder) I...
What about threads running as chat rooms?
Technically the first part of the sentence wouldn't be a statement?
Do you find pointless nonsense questions from nowhere boring?
Oh man this show is awesome, I mean, Rick is an portrait of ENTPs with all the traits pushed to the highest level, and how this uncontrollable chaos can be a constructive thing.  One of my favorite...
I think that some games can be good for Ne dons, especially the ones that make you to deal with complex problems, DayZ and even Minecraft is a really good example, well but then comes up to your...
I'm just saying that ADHD/ADD should be not considered as a disease or a trastorn but more likely a human condition, I mean, obviously that the brain will work different in different people,look at...
I don't belive that is such a thing as ADHD, even in the helm of pedagogi it it still a metter of discussion, if there is no chemical unbalance or proved neurological problems in the individual that...
- not amused - i want a cat - backache - needs to sleep - sleeps - where i can click to sleep?
Worrying about something don't necessarily means that you are being emotionally disturbed, it just means that you care about the situation of something, even though more emotionally unstable...
I this not quite like fear, even though fear can be a part of it, in this situation it's more like that you aren't contented about the way that your country turn to be so you are worried about it's...
Yeah I agree partly with the second half, but think about it, if there is a bad government like, full of corrupts or something, if the people don't worry about the situation, maybe they could not get...
Well if you don't worry about something, it can mean that you don't cares about what it will be or what it is, but I think that you can worry about certain situation, like political or social, caring...
I found ridiculous when people over-worry about things, getting really stressed by something at the point of losing their heads. But at the same time, lack of worry can lead to conformism and it's...
Conceptual Artist would work well I guess Creative Director or Art Director would be awesome,something where you have to say how the things should be done, but with less care about actually doing it...
Just try to exercise your Pness and you'll be just fine.
There was a Mathematician, a Physicist and an Engineer, their boat wrecked on a desert island, then they decided to split up to find some resources. The Engineer found a coconut-tree so he decided...
I'm 16 to, and my avarege amount of sleep in a week is probably 5 to 6, it's affect me a little, I use to sleep alot in the classes, I don't know how is experience the effects of the weed since I've...
As amazing as jumping into an anthill
Don't Think that you have lost 1 year of life now, think that you are a survivor of 1 year on Earth ;)  Happy Birthday and Party Hard!...
When you win a Clue match in the first round.
Look at this Chainsaw Arms Bear *-* He just looks so awesome  http://abetteruserexperience.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/bear-chainsaw-arms.jpg
ENTP - DELIGHT  You are happy because you are engaged in and curious about the world. The smallest things life your spirits. You love that life is full of surprises. You can always see what's...
1. Your mother tongue: Brazilian Portuguese 2. Languages you learn/learnt in school (for more than 5 years), that you (most often) can understand/write/speak: Brazilian Portuguese 2.1 Languages...
Walk on the tall grass,find an ENxP girl, punches her until she almost fainted, and finally throws a Pokball. (If she is shiny or a legendary one, don't hesitate on using a Master Ball, it can be...
I had the same doubt about if I Im an ENTP or ENFP, since I could really feel in my skin when some character on a show or person enter in a shameful situation, and actually having some sort of...
Well, I tend to like things that have alot of content to talk about and discuss,like Pokmon, Zombies, mlp, other cartoons and some animes,most of the things that I like have so much going on that is...
Yeah, I can understand plenty well how are the people feeling or will feel,and I truly care about the feelings of who is important to me afterall,but at the same time, using extreme logic while...
Happy Birthday Pal! Even though I'm just getting started on here o/
For the same reason that Marth, the necromancer who choked on a fly doesn't exists.
Man, if you are trying to pissing some ENTP off, you gonna have a bad time. I Usually dont get pissed of for everything,is hard to me to geting really angry with someone.  It is like having a...
Why wouldn't work? or What can go wrong?
Socks getting screwed,in 3, 2, 1...  120154
Who cares about those close front rounded vowels? Those things are always messing up my life...'"


1847: 'The man sounds like a charmer. He's going around trying to make others feel good. And he has always been this person/ dialed it back for you, so respect and understanding is there. If he isn't giving...
I doubt if a single individual beside Robert Downey Jr and the main character from Rick and Morty in this thread are ENTP.
yeah astrology is just a icebreaker to making friends like palm reading, pick-up lines and motel keys.
I dont read first post. Don't you know? I'm a Gem--I mean an ENTP
look at all the entps taking being an mbti so seriously.  you're all a bunch of capricorns.
That doesn't really reveal much, although a great quote on introspection. He isn't ordering his process cognitively as much as he is saying he is a feely person. The man's 50 years old. Fe or If as a...
If you can't read the obvious ironic humor of the quoted guys post then I don't think you know who I was talking to (not the OP) :     OkWhat and you should know we don't do groupings, buddy.
So you came here to make commentary/anecdotes on a mbti type but your defense is it's not mbti?  Man, shut up.
You can try, but you will never be us, complainer.
I hated Rocko's Modern Life and basically anything of that vein of humor or artistic style like I.R Baboon & Weasel show. But, beside that anything Nickelodeon put out in the 90s was absolute gold:...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiLXx-0W8Q4#t=37
eh, so i didn't miss anything by not reading after the talk of blowjobs?   see, this is why i always should trust my instinct.
No, its ok for people to be bigoted as long as its doesn't pertain to MBTI tops. Haven't you heard?
All I want to know now is why the original poster was banned. I didn't even read the full post.
basically the same
For the sake of conversation have you considered other options..?
Pride, sloth and lust fight it out, which means I'm a lazy horny asshole.
I've let emotions wash over me before. Since my 20s I've gotten more expressive but its mostly anger. Beside that I'm well controlled and always have been. But, nobody can get you mad like your...
You kill a man, you kill every opportunity he ever had.   Bill Murray quoting a Clint Eastwood movie, referring to the importance of staying present and living life to the fullest.
you know talking about not like it is still talking about it
all i know is im pretty fun to travel with
if it isn't about beauty or practicality, then I'm not a fan of symmetry. also, i like creating symmetry or balance with my solutions.
All feelings of regret are momentary. Normally those supposed regrets just transform into great stories - I know I won't have many if any regrets if I die on a death bed with more than an hour to...
Are you trying to sell your new novel bro??
It's because they are really disappointed with themselves. Classic case of projecting, mum.  /psychoanalyzing
By the way there is a letter diff.
Practice helps. INTPs aren't putting themselves out there. Same difference can be made with other types due to E v I
Is there anything other than asshole and normal as archetype for guys nowadays
There is more hate than love post on this sub forum.   Hmmm... so much jealousy
I need to get back onto lifting bit first I gotta get more food in me on the daily. I get distracted by projects or goals or bs and forget to eat.
Lack of attention and focus
I am listening to James Bond Octopussy playing in the background
I think your theory generally is sound. I've noticed SJs aren't unlikely to be sexual promiscuous but require more work on owning this quality of themselves. However, american culture had gotten...
To clarify, I'm neutral.
The examples of Te popularized by the internet, thrown in arguments, and conversation infuriate me: Your point is invalid. Often used in retort to paragraph(s) of explanation, processes, or details...
1.) Depends. If there is a natural progression from the first impression to the first time we get it in, then of course not. Its not about the sex. Its about the person. Do I like them?  2.)...
You arent listed as a 5
Pathetically insecure and accommodating?   How sexy.
yes, that's why I don't correct what people say much anymore. It isn't worth it. Let them figure it out themselves, especially if they've got enough redeemable traits. Why burn bridges or waste time....
Yea, I'd wager it was a Ti trait more than a Ne. I don't think INFP are noticing all the weird abnormalities as commonly as ISTP, ESTP and INTPs.
Smacking food and it knifes accidentally scraping plates
Christopher Wallace was a wordsmith. He was smart. Yet, he did not deal in abstraction.  Documentaries note his extroversion, entertaining personality and physicality. He was an obvious thinker and...
You gotta be smart enough to know I'm stupid for us to communicate well
Yeah, stay away you little punk. But now that you are all grown up and a big boy (diaper and all) come have some fun.  Ha, is that a good synopsis of your feelings?
Because we wanna learn. Its a priority. So we're the louder voice on the net in these nerdy ass forums. Were the guys educating folks on mbti. What? You think we're going to self depreciate ourselves...
It's like people forget when they were ignorant. At some point I didn't know these things. So whether it be a semantic, scientific, or interpersonal error, I know I didn't always know.   Still,...
Tyler the Creator - ENFP Biggie Smalls - ESTJ  and I don't know Curren$y & Lil Wayne's MBTI, but they are not ENTP.
id say entj are worse off because they can get what they want, they'll just never be satisfied.
it depends on the company, right? the rock collector or marketing firm ya know - CTO probably aren't much needed. what are you called then?
Look at him! Trying to fit in with the normal people.   Buddy, that chance has probably long gone.'"


1848: 'Colin O'Donoghue as Captain Hook. Go forth and enjoy. :tongue:
I'm trying very hard to resist making the cool people joke again.  Somebody needs to fix that map. :tongue:
Holy crap, this thread is long.  I like INFJs. I find them to be intriguing and have felt drawn to them. I just feel like I want to know more when I meet them. They're a little too closed off,...
Muahahahaha...?  Yeah, I'd get bored of the role pretty quickly. Choatic neutral is probably more up an ENTP's alley.  That said, the Joker made a pretty good villain. Some men just want to...
ENFP because your signature is colorful.
Extrovert here. Child of an ISTJ mom. She basically trained me from an early age to seek stimuli from my environment, not from her. She was there for me, of course, but I needed to keep myself...
Alright, I'm gonna try to hide my text.  The ocean is vast and unpredictable. It's almost like the universe in that it's very difficult to fathom just how large it is. Even if you're speaking at...
You guessed it!  And you've presented the perfect opportunity for the use of my signature.
*bows*  Oh hell yes. It's my newest obsession. Also, Hook is pretty. You like the show too?
That's where all the cool people congregate.  But in all seriousness, yeah, I just checked and folks are in Antarctica and nowhere else. Bizarre.
Thank you everybody for your advice and comments. I'm glad to say that I didn't freak out on my nephew, despite how inwardly disturbed I felt. I wasn't able to act in the moment, but I feel I'll be...
So my nephew is 10 years old and today, my mother (his grandmother) and I ran into a really super awkward situation with him. I'm hoping for some advice or insight, any help really. As his aunt,...
It was an xNTJ teacher. I don't know what it was about him, but he seemed more like a character from a story than a person.
So many introverted NFs are at home or else in quiet places like libraries or something...  Careful, guys. As you can see, if make yourselves too scarce, the ENTPs will start sending out search...
I was terrible at math once I hit high school. I had to work very, very hard at it in college. Got myself a tutor, studied for hours every day. The only way I got through it was learning the steps....
Emma: ISTP Mary Margaret/Snow White: IxFP, though she sometimes gives off Fe vibes, so I dunno. David Nolan/Prince Charming: ISFJ Regina: ENFJ Henry: ENFP Mr. Gold: Tough call. Seems to...
I have this same need to always find precisely the right word. I get extremely frustrated when the word evades me and I have to settle for something else while talking. I feel so lame when that...
I like RPGs, Adventure and Puzzle games. I'm a big fan of Bethesda and Bioware.
Oh my.  I'm quite flattered. http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lxp3mg4wr21qej7pq.gif  Thanks for thinking of me, you sexy INFJ you.
It's an intriguing combination. :wink:
Have you been hanging out at the ENTP board at all? You'd be shown some love, I'm quite sure. :tongue:
I guess extraverts aren't wanted in this thread... but, mmm, INFJs...  Mostly I see a combination of female INFJ/male ENTP interest on the ENTP forum. Which is depressing for female ENTPs.  At...
I look younger. At my last job, my co-workers all thought I was 16. I'm 23. It's cool, I guess, but I've noticed a downside in relation to dating. I only ever seem to get hit on by dudes younger than...
Here's one way to look at it. You've got two people at a party being wallflowers. One wants to be on the sidelines, quietly observing, while the other desperately wants to be a part of the action but...
Good point. Does everybody here know their parents' types? My dad is an ESFJ and my mom is an ISTJ. My mom was the more pro-homeschooling parent.
I was homeschooled for a few years in high school. I attended public elementary and junior high school, though. I'm an ENTP.
Introvert.
Someone mentioned Spike from Buffy. Yep, I had a huge crush on him back in the day. Also, Nathan Fillion in the Firefly days.  Lately: Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston. So I should probably just...
ISTP, I'd say.
Singer, actress, artist, archaeologist, astronaut, author, actress again, game designer, author again, psychiatrist...  At the moment I'm unemployed, and I don't know what I want to do. Acting and...
I had a similar experience and I've had similar regrets.  I can't offer advice. At least nothing you probably haven't considered yourself. I do think the advice you've heard (don't live in the...
ISFP, I say.
ENTP, because of the signature and the avatar.
ENTP here so I can't give advice on INTPs...but we're similar, right?  I dated an INFJ and there was some mutual annoyance in this area, I think, based on a Ne vs Ni thingy going on. Basically, Ne...
You seem like an ISTP.
I read through this thread and I'm seeing a lot of people typing you as ESTP. I can see it to some degree, but the more I see of you, the less convinced I am that you possess a strong Ti. You're more...
ESTP? Basing this off some wacky imaginary intuitive vibes! (Too lazy to check post history.)
INFJ, perhaps.
You'd need to pay for an assessment if you wanted a very thorough test, but even those tend to rely on forced choice questions.   Like I said, the tests are flawed. They will tend to vary based on...
'Kay.    The tests are unreliable. Forced choice quizzes say you are one thing or the other. There is no in between, there is no scale. The tests are great for introducing the concepts, but if...
....I really don't think you're an ENTP. I'm sensing that you'd really like to be one, though. Whatever floats your boat. But if what you're wanting is external validation for that particular typing,...
I'm seeing very little evidence of Fe or Ti. You don't really strike me as an ENFP. Maybe a Fi dom?
He might be idealistic, but at least as far as the movies are concerned, what really drove him to accept the title of Captain America? A sense of duty. I see a combination of Si and Fe, but I'm not...
F vs T is not about feeling or not feeling. We all feel and we all think. I think you know that, I'm just saying.  A Thinker type feels everything that a Feeler does. We tend to put less emphasis...
Well, that's one of the ways you differentiate between a shy extrovert and an introvert. They're both sitting on the sidelines, but one of them wants to be there while the other is dying to be...
Well, when discussing something with someone, it's best to be certain that you have the same idea on what that thing means. Definitions vary more widely than you might guess.  But what I was trying...
I'm well aware of the difference.  What is your definition of a shy person?
I've actually found the opposite to be true. The shy introverts are often perceived as reserved, but secretly quite intelligent. It's a generalization to say that this is always true (it isn't) but...
Yeah...I'm gonna vote in this poll.  As a girl.  Take that!
So yeah, I'm here about Fi. I've decided to bug the INFPs rather than the ISFPs, just because we share Ne and I'm hoping that will make it easier.  I've done a lot of research and I think I...'"


1849: 'Exactly!
Plus, people feel the exact same way about us when we start spouting off our profound random ideas about cosmic nano-fractures and psychic under-armor.  I just have no ideas why they are not as...
Doesn't it seem like the issue is not whether the talk is big or small but what people are talking about?  I recently went on to a therapy confrence with three women and I had a great time talking...
Do we still have libraries?:rolleyes:
I did not say that I did not agree with anything in the thread but I probably was wrong (hard to admit for an ENTP) by pointing out the extreme stance of always relating your experiences to yourself...
Except the parts that say that ENTPs would do x y or z. It's probably better to say that particular person would do that.
I was pretty obnoxious when I was younger and matured quickly in my early 20s into being a really caring person.  I was also assuming he had some other awesome traits since ENTPs tend to be pretty...
Also, when you do the dishes you are actually re-enforcing/rewarding/ increasing the behavior toward his mother.  At the same time you are shielding him from facing the consequences of dealing with...
Actually it's contingency clarification, not management.
Ohh, Ohh I thought of an idea.  What a shocker! It's called contingency management.  Instead of going through the whole feelings process where we get lost.  You tell him:  When you do A (disrespect...
I think I tamed the savage beast.
Sorry, I made an insensitive comment.  But I think this is the way it works for me.  I rely so little on my own feelings to make decisions that why would I consider someone else's feelings to make...
Eventually you are going to treated like the mum or the swan.  But more likely the Mum.
You should see the ENFP forum.
I'm on a business trip right now with an ENTJ who I'm pretty sure is trying to eat me alive.
Whether I'm using a keyboard or a pen my writing can never keep up with my thoughts.  I express myself much better verbally.  Sometimes when I'm talking my ideas just flow out really clearly one...
I try and say things that make them feel good about themselves but that does not mean it's not sincere. I also let people know if I think they could do something better but that does not mean I think...
I don't think you can go by how much time he spends on his computer or one of hand comment that he made to you. I think it's more about what he does with his life and his time. Does he spend his life...
It's pretty hard to move forward on anything until you know what you want. Do you know how to find that out?
Let's break this down and take it one step at at time, slow and steady wins the race.
um, I think they want to sell me stuff
I just ended a near 3 year relationship with an ISFP and you pretty much nailed every word in that post.  Incredibly accurate!
Huh, I miss typed myself as an INTP too but the ENTP description fits much better.  But when I'm left at home alone I turn into a bit of a monk.  when I was a kid I was much more extroverted.
As a grown up ENTP I think it took a long time for me to learn how to properly value other people's needs.  Maybe I still need to work on it.
Is he selfish or considerate?
Right.  I have really high expectations for people that they don't normally meet.
Awesome! Love Ne.
What does it say?  I lover personality pages but I've never bought their relationship stuff.
I'm interested in this idea, or maybe even a relationship with another ENTP but This seems like the one big downfall.  When i'm living alone I just create a super-simple low maintenance space with as...
My last couple of relationships were like that.  Not that I cheated but I hung on even though I knew it was not going to work and then the endings ended up being worse than if I had listened to my...
Why?
yup
Oh, I could probably use some advice.  I think I have a bit of a hang-up about it actually.  I don't think I care much about being rejected.  I just think a lot of men humiliate themselves and also...
I'm teaching a class this fall to Social Work grad students about assessment.  The course is mainly taught based on DSM and yes I will be talking about the limitations of it.  I would also like to...
I think the ESFP personality is very attractive but stereotypically the long term prospects could present challenges.  Usually, I'm just pretty friendly toward someone I'm interested in but not too...
I thought of another aspect of the criticism that applies to communication.  If you don't communicate directly with me.  I am going to see it really clearly.  I am going to see what you  are trying...
I think I get along well with just abut everyone.  My challenges with people are more situational.  The biggest one is when someone tries to control me.  I also have a hard time when someone's...
speaking for myself, I don't mind critical feedback.  However, if you  try to soften it or beat around the bush I'm going to see it coming a  mile away.  I' going to see all of the meanings you try...
Oh, I forgot two other really challenges about being in a relationship with an ENTP.  The first one is crucial but easy to understand.  People can find us to be highly critical.  We are basically...
That's what I'm wondering!  Are we right for each other?  Does anyone else really get us?
sorry, I was referring to the original post and quoted you.  I'm a little new at this and tend to rush.
I definitely would not consider myself and expert in this relationship  dynamic.  I'm sure you know that its been predicted to be an ideal  paring, I think by Elizabeth Myers. My office-mate is an...
I do mostly Dialectal Behavioral Therapy right now.  I also do some family systems and I used to do a lot of parent child interaction therapy. And yes, I love my team.  Actually, studying MBTI is...
Context, context. You can't really analyze this situation without looking further into it.  What was going on with the kid?  How old? What was going on with the infj? what happened to her before? Was...
There are a lot of different ways to do therapy.  The INFJs are naturals for sure but even the ENTJs have their place because some people just need to be told straight up what to do.  One of the...
yes ENTP therapist.  It certainly presents it's challenges.  I have  almost no ability to understand why people get so worked up and  miserable and their logic makes very little sense to me but I...
For reference. We had 3 ENFPs, 2 INFJs, 1 INTJ, Me, 1 ENTJ, 1 ISTJ (I'm highly suspicious of the ISTJ)  She's the sweetest, softest, woman ever.  She has to be an F, and she was the only S.
I work with a bunch of therapists, almost all woman, and there was this one girl there who I just could not read at all.  IT seemed like she was always mad at me.  She was never really man just...
I'm curious about isfj's experience in relationships with ENTPs.  This is considered the ideal paring in socionics.  There is a website about type that I really like the personality page and it has...
I'm very interested in this relationship as a business pairing and less so in a romantic relationship.  Coldness and bossiness are turn-offs.'"


1870: 'Nah, it's generally how boring you are.
If it's any consolation, I fall asleep talking to her all the time.
Yeah, the effort I have to make to get your attention. Exhausting.
Sweet, a random mention on PerC.  ..  Oh, it's just Kaleilei...
Fe is objective value judgment. Feeling refers to value judgment of the object; that which lies outside of the subject. The subject being the user of the function. It externalizes value judgment....
Yeah, I mean, I'm a fairly cautious typer and I didn't even think she was an ENTP until fairly recently. But I just do not see much Fi in her at all. I mean, yeah, she's a bubbly and engaging...
These aren't really arguments, though. It seems you're appealing to your confirmation bias.
Yeah, the data gathering aspect isn't necessarily Ti, but how she deals with it, or judges it, is. She has a lot of threads in the sex and relationships forum, and about how she should deal with...
If I had to summarize her in cognitive functions it would be these:  Ne  Ti  Fe
Because she's an ENTP?
https://youtu.be/v9-1CmL7H3c?t=9m52s  Might be helpful (starting at the timestamp in the link)    I planted the idea. But if we were to trace her behavior back to the functions, she seems to...
Also, I think that kaleilei deals with issues pertaining to herself or her emotions or her experiences in a rather impersonal Ti way. Not so much relating to how it impacts her values, or how she...
That's what I told her on Skype too.
In this thread we'll post about how  kaleidoscope is mistyped as an ENFP and is actually an ENTP.
Yeah, that's awful. But none of this pertains to efficiency or even anything inherent to market economies.    I am sorry that you don't understand the concept of relativity, and that relative...
What are profits and how are they determined?    Yeah, that's the point. If all they care about is profits, they will maximize efficiency to attain profits.    Are people really so stupid to...
Look at whether you use Fe more or Si more.
Yeah dude, your lack of understanding as to why these things happen is totally a poor reflection of the efficiency of markets. I don't value advertizing or PR, so they must be a pointless waste of...
I think kindness has far more utilitarian value than intelligence. Speaking of both concepts within the context of humanity. Obviously, if we were 'robbed' of our intelligence (as in, our...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ocih6WexNEU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cmqhOBz_ps  Pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound
Job: Mr. manager at the Banana Stand Weaknesses:  - Shrapnel trying to make its way to my heart - My bones are coated with indestructable metal which makes me vulnerable to mutants with magnetic...
Oh you best not think I didn't check my own post count before I commented.
Congratulations that you've reached the point where most of Western society agrees that you're spending too much time on this forum! With numerical proof no less!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFtMl-uipA8  Of course.
Holy shit it's so good. That vocal sample.
I just really like that song.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tVFoMlCVx4
2/10. Sorry.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dG945L8Js8
It's actually Tyrannosaurus rex. In binomial nomenclature, the second part is not capitalized.  An asside: The abbreviation of Tyrannosaurus rex also isn't T-rex, but T.rex (same goes for all...
I think I wouldn't frame it as such. I think it's a fundamental difference between the Ne/Si axis and Se/Ni axis.  Ne/Si = what do I think I see? Se/Ni = what do I see?  On a more fundamental...
I guess you've earned a handshake for your effort. Maybe a fruit basket.
I'm glad you like it! Haha, yes I saw the news about the next one coming out a few days ago. The last tune is actually my favorite, in part due to those vocals.
Goatse!
Since we're thinking big.  http://www.artandsciencegraphics.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/No-Name-Centrifuge.jpg
We? What exactly will your involvement consist of?    I just needed a reason to point out the double meaning of giving input.    I appreciate the little things in life.
I think she would be chained to the rotating door, sitting on a desk chair. And there would be repairmen on both sides of the door. And they would take turns, rotating the door after it's fixed.  ...
I take no responsibility for this.  I also take no responsibility for derailing this thread.    Two greasy dudes, it is.
That just so happens to require repairs.  Which also just happens to be an awesome premise for a porn scene.   Ma'am, looks like something's jammed real tight in there *kaleilei disrobes*...
My bet is that it's actually    Nell.    <3
The empty space where my heart is supposed to be will always belong to   googoodoll. The INFJ (but perhaps ISFJ), whose firey vitriol towards others (and sometimes even myself -- and don't get me...
Both. It comes down to the same thing because they don't see the difference.
Se-users do it as well.  I wouldn't really compare Ni and Ne too much other than that they're both conceptual.    Yeah, but that comes down to the same. It is because it is means he can't...
This is in part for new music discovery. If people have an idea what genre it is, and what label it is released on and get a preview of what it sounds like immediately in the post, it's a lot more...
Someone may be more knowledgeable or have more experience in a certain subject, but that doesn't mean that all they're saying about it is true. If people are making a lot of claims they actually...
He's an Ni-dom.
Generally speaking, when someone expresses I see/experience/perceive [x] this way, therefore it is, I tick off the Ni/Se box. Extra points if they're oblivious to the possibility of confirmation...
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/07/Glitch_Art.jpg
Look, I know I'm supposed to look at Beyonc's hands and shit. But I can't get my eyes off the dude's headgear game that's sitting right behind her.
Technically, this kind of counts?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_d_yd4Rfm4'"


1878: 'yeah, that's what i was talking about .. it's annoying when people leave you hanging and you end wasting time and feeling anxiety waiting on them, when there's no reason they could make some small...
maybe they take their love of porn very seriously and do not wish for it to be mocked.
so are you going to tell us the joke you made?
I often wish to leave my family, friends, everyone i know, country, culture and move to some remote distance place w/ another language and completely different culture and start a life there......
repression is an unconscious process, so it's not something you can do intentionally or control what aspects you repress.  Suppression is conscious.   TheTraveller7 you could look up how people cope...
It's a peeve of mine that I think it's super rude when people don't reply promptly.  I always reply right away to stuff, even if it's someone I don't want to talk to or I haven't made some decision...
yeah it could be worth a try, but IRL I'd be doubtful
..oh, yeah i didn't at all think fabi actually lost of camera. I think the word you might have meant was to say that it is a hypothetical question.  I didn't think of it as an analogy or metaphor,...
well in that case, if you want some serious advice rather than those silly people who go overboard with health trends, i'd recommend watching this youtube channel  ...
I just went on a long rant in another thread about my views towards medication and healthcare...
I haven't read this book, but I'd recommend checking out books like this that talk about diet and biome and hormone balance  ...
I think diet, exercise, and meditation work wonders for health, not just as preventive but also against illnesses when you do start to get sick.  If you pay attention to your body you can tell when...
I wouldn't recommend not taking medicine per se, because I'm not an expert to recommend any advice on anything like thyroid issues... but I would say the vast majority of people don't realize the...
Myself when it comes to healthcare... I'm huge proponent of taking care of one's body and I believe one's mental/psychological states have a huge huge impact on a person's physical health that isn't...
Geonerd my head is swirling with a million things to say on this topic...  when I am super fascinated by conspiracy theories....... I think examining what and why people believe conspiracy theories...
Yes I took the question literally... I don't understand how else you could take the question.  as an analogy for what?  You can extrapolate our answers and how we'd deal w/ this problem to other...
I wouldn't think something like tine eye would work unless the photo on the camera was already loaded onto the person's social media and made available to the public to access... I don't think stuff...
lol your pic/signature/handle/whateveryoucallit was very appropriate for that post  http://personalitycafe.com/signaturepics/sigpic376010_2.gif
I wouldn't see any reason to be motivated to put effort into trying to return camera.  People lose shit all the time. If it was at a place of business I'd leave it w/ their lost and found so that way...
I'd be willing to guess there are some gay guys that are strictly dominant. But unless you're raping a straight guy in prison or such, or doing something bordering on rape, I'm guessing the guy...
..but wait a minute...   ...  Dreamuur you probably already knew that....    ...and maybe the only reason you asked was as bate to catch an ent..  http://i.imgur.com/f26zYJL.gif
Red Magician you had said  NFPs usually have this thing about wanting to bring out the potential of others.  To which Haldir said Guess what really pisses off NTPs. Go ahead, guess.  I think...
pff XD  no that's not true.  There's nothing I desire more than to be around beautiful intelligent intellectual women. I think the same would be true of any entp male... and any entp female is a...
Better?  716226
lol  that made you sound even more narcissistic deluded than what you wrote previously
my opinion is don't.  I think the question you should be asking isn't how to control other people, but why you want to control other people... it doesn't seem like a healthy desire to me.  And as...
even when you're at line in the supermarket and you suddenly realize you've been staring at the cover of the sports illustrated swim suit edition for longer than you can say without blushing? ...
perhaps mbti is more complex than just 16 types and there are like there are 100s of subtypes .. in which case I think the two of us will still fall under the same sub-sub-type
Some rambling thoughts about sexuality that were sparked by this thread:  As far as a person's orientation I think of gender as only being one aspect of sexuality and a rather superficial one.  I...
was just about to write that I think ENTPs probably aren't any more likely than any other type to be bi/gay/etc but are probably less likely to suppress such things ...  then I was like ooo let me...
lol did you mean monogamy   lol  perhaps a freudian slip
Philosophaster I wouldn't say it's an ENTP thing...since i'm confident i'm as entp as anyone.. and I very much am one for relationships. I don't like casual sex or open or unclear romantic...
awesome response... haven't gotten through reading and watching it all yet.  The thing is my complaint is that it doesn't make sense for the Ricks in the citadel to act like Jerrys.    You...
Also as far as the citadel not making sense to me, and other aspects of the show not making sense.. I think when it comes to any show/movie, it's important not to dwell on aspects of premise that are...
my complaint wasn't so much about logic... it was was about literary quality.  My complaint was that  major core aspect of C-137 Ricks personality is his nonconformist, anti-authoritianism ... so it...
yeah that would make more sense .. i feel like it'd make sense if the ricks were always kinda hostile towards and untrusting of each other ..makes sense that there would be some easily natural...
yeah i didn't really find the episode funny either .. i feel like the intended joke/funniness was just lets show a bunch of alternative rick and mortys... but the alternative ricks i just found...
perhaps C-137 is the Rickiest Rick, but the other ricks don't seem at all Rick like.   I mean if we assume that all of the Ricks are in the Citadel all independently invented a portal gun, then all...
the issue i had was more a literary one... the point I was making is that they should try to make the Ricks from other dimensions have the same main underlying personality otherwise they won't feel...
I think maybe a good way of seeing difference between INFP Fi and ENTP Fe may be in the initial assumption of how the other person will react before you get a reaction.  Probably both/anyone will...
I'm actually not at all against hierarchies and governments and organization and such. I think hierarchal structures are extremely important and beneficial. I also think a major difference between...
i dunno.  i feel like i always want to write down or share my thoughts out loud w/ others even if no ones interested. I feel like i get satisfaction just getting things out even if no one bothers to...
lol what? watching a 1/2 hr tv show and taking 5 min to write down my thoughts about it qualifies as excessive boredom?  considering it is one of the only tv shows i watch , and most people I meet...
also it occurred to me during episode, that evil morty could easily be a rick inside a morty body, esp since they already showed brain swapping tech in first episode this season... which allowed...
so I love the show Rick and Morty..  as I'm sure a lot of entps and others on here also do.    I feel like Rick is very entp... and there are few aspects of his character that especially resonate...
yeah, but that doesnt give you a feel for it.  there's something about thinkness of physical pages that gives you a sense of progress and accomplishment.   It's like walking on a treadmill verses...
I also like having physical books because of the collecting aspect.    I like having a physical inventory of what I've read as well as pile of physical books to be read.  Its easier for me to look...
I wonder which is better for the environment.  Paperback or ebook.  Resources paper, and transportation go into book, but energy charging reader uses resources.  I think I remember looking it up and...
I enjoy reading physical books better myself.  I think it's because the physical pages give you a better sense of progress through the book than ebooks. W/ ebooks you never have a good sense of how...
Nicely said. Good work Agent Smith. https://cdn.oboi7.com/static/images/m/cc/75/cc7502f38965f5ebb0b39103dd30291bf84da362.jpg'"


1881: 'Dirk Gently ESTP 9w8 > 7w8 > 3w4 sp/sx
Ti-dom according to this analysis.  Gender: male Age: 21-31 (I'm 17, going on 18) Intelligence: gifted Openness: early-adopter MBTI personality profile: ISTP Closest alternative we found: INTP...
1. Generally associated with INTx types. 2. Tells me very little, but if you detach quickly, I'm guessing low F function, meaning high T. Ti  3. Low Fe 4. I do too. Not type related. 5. Not type...
Tritype 379/739/937   Pretty close to what I type myself as (713), but I'm open to this possibility as well.
INFJ 5w4 > 1w9> 4w5 sx/sp  TMLT pursue a dual degree (Ex: MD/PhD, JD/MPH, etc.)
BranchMonkey  Ah, hello, again! So, the song has a lot to do with memories past (Si), but primarily has an undertone of being freed away from the burdens of this world for personal fulfillment, which...
everydaydreams I've grown ambivalent to typology for a year, but go ahead. :)  If someone came to you and asked you to make a decision about something, what would your thought process be? I'd ask...
Yeah I've read several biographies and autobiographies. My favorite one by far has been John Adams by David McCullough.
Okay, I can't hold it back any longer. I love reading, but I cannot escape the fact that I am more of a nonfiction than fiction kind of guy. Despite all my efforts, the sad truth is that for the past...
mytinyheart ENFP 7w6 > 9w8 > 4w3 sx/so  TMLT strongly dislike emotional manipulation and be self-conscious and guilty about doing it themselves.
Kajada INFJ 9w1 > 2w1 > 5w4 sx/so
- ISTJ with an 8w9 fix for Doug - Seth is too quick on his feet to be an ESTJ. I'd say ExTP, most likely ESTP. - Jackie Sharp would be the ESTJ, methinks. - Will Conway is most certainly an ESTP...
Rick Harrison 7w8 > 9w8 > 3w2 sp/so
owlet 5w4 > 9w1 > 2w1 sp/sx
Rick Harrison A known type
Anyone here familiar with Steven Crowder? I'm positive that he is an ExTP, but I don't know his Enneagram type.
Type is not really relevant to interests, although the superficial stereotypical descriptions of MBTI make it seem as such. Liking rap, for instance, doesn't make one less of an INTJ than liking...
(I'm coming back on this forum and getting fully into typology after about a year on and off, so my memory is a tad rough.)  Newt Scamander - INFP 5w4 > 9w1 > 2w3 sx/sp  Tina - ISTJ 6w5 > 1w9 >...
Doccium Yes, unknown is correct. :proud:  In all seriousness, the avatar gives the impression of Se trying to come out in a whirlwind of abstractness, so I'm definitely saying INxJ. Just not sure...
INFP 9w8 > 4w5 > 6w7 sx/sp  TMLT get passionate and defensive in the face of a perceived assault or threat to their personal autonomy.
Stawker 8/10   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EKTOb8KGu0
TheHuman 3w4 > 5w4 > 8w9 sx/so
Jane Lane  1) Fi 2) Not type related 3) Ne 4) Low-key sensing function, probably inferior Si 5) Fi  ENFP based on this...that's just me though.
slowcoffee ISFP 7w6 > 4w3 > 9w8 sx/so   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OFpfTd0EIs
jjcu 4w5 > 9w1 > 5w6 sp/so
Dental Floss Tycoon IxFJ  TMLT to become extremely irritable over a lack of sleep. Also, TMLT to function very well despite a lack of sleep.
I just finished the show on Netflix. I'll give my input later, but I believe Donna Meagle to be an ESTP and not an ESFP as some on this forum would assert. 7w8 sp/sx
Bhai saahib! Congratulations!
Oh HELLLLLLLL naw! HELLLLL naw! Fuck off, Cersei! I'm not about to deprive myself the good life so soon.
A flex ISTJ from what I can discern. I'd guess 6w5 > 2w3 > 1w9 so/sx based just on this.   1) I see relaxation as an ideal and a virtue rather than something to be avoided, though I value work as...
Memeophilic ENFJ 7w6 > 9w8 > 4w3 so/sx
Not with the intention of derailing the thread, but out of curiosity, what would you say the most common and the rarest tritypes are?
INFP 6w5 sp/so
Cato Institute, Brookings Institution, Wikipedia, Reuters, The Hill
Xyzzy 7w8 so/sx; just an instinct though
heavydirtysoul 6w7 > 9w8 > 4w3
fluorine INTP 6w5 sx/so
I've been pretty confident about my Enneagram tritype for almost a year now, as I type as a 713 sp/sx (if you beg to differ, go ahead lol). However, it's my MBTI type that incessantly bugs me to...
1. Ti trying to work on inferior Fe  2. Low Feeling  3. Te  4. Ni  5. mature Fi
ENTP 7w8 > 3w4 > 8w7 so/sx
That last sentence just about sums up the core of her personality :laughing:
I don't really see the 5 in her tbh. Care to explain? Although, we both agree to the 2w1. The so/sx makes sense.   I thought 1 for her at one point as well, but I say 8-fix for her originally...
I'm 16 as of rn, but I think it's safe to say I haven't really written any fiction for three years (nonetheless, I'm still fond of reading and writing. So much so that when applicable, I find writing...
So, it's not just me.  I think most people type her as INFJ because of the stereotypical maternal cult-like persona that she has, although in all fairness I swung back and forth on her type quite a...
Lelu Hello, Robb.  ISTJ 6w5 > 1w9 > 3w4 so/sp
The middle two are two of my fav songs!
Niha Funny, I was JUST thinking of sharing the song I'm listening to on the Type person above based on song thread.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NRDB_70XMY  ...
narcissistic ENTP 4w5 sx/so
Couldn't have said it better myself. A large part of his appeal lies more in getting the job done rather than being personable and charming. Contrast to Bernie Sanders, whom I consider to be a 1w9...
I wrote sp/sx, whoops need to fix that to so/sp lol. (I discussed in another thread a while back.)  I agree, I don't really see the sx in him. I think it's in part because 8s are considered the...'"


1883: 'Will you stop taking everything you see for granted?
This is likely a flash problem. (Experienced today)  I've experienced this issue as well lately, and I'd be willing to be it's because Chrome no longer supports Flash and the site keeps trying to...
Well, ADHD actually has physical roots. The dopaminergic system in the brain has less dopamine in it, and it causes a variety of symptoms. It's actually been shown to be a survival trait in people...
Extended warranties aren't really a rip off if you know how to sell them. All you have to do is create value- Like this.  Me: Sir/Maam, now, I know most of the time you never want to get an...
It really depends on what I am doing. . . if it's something that can appear organized when it actually isn't, BAM I AM IN and people are like. . Oh wow that's so impressively organized. . . (Usually...
You are conflating a statue/monument with an assumed meaning behind said statue/monument.  I can't say either way what the purpose of said memorial is or isn't because I've never seen it...
The elbow thing? It's not a reference. Just a statement of fact- unless it was the hug thing? That wasn't a reference either Lmao just me being me hahahaha.  And if it was the movie thing, I was...
This is your ignorance. Germany has memorialized many Nazi sites and deathcamps- they don't purge them, they uphold them and require people to learn about the history so it will never come to pass...
Libertarianism in extremis would follow that line of thought yes. However, we're not advocating extremism are we now?
Truth has been spoken.
You know the secret is to always look at the elbow. . . You never miss then.  As for the uncomfortable hug, man come on it's damn hug. *bodyslam*  EDIT: (and wasn't the movie an abomination?)
Aww, no wonder you're always giving me shit. . . I NEVER KNEW.  Anyway.  I'm with Crispy and Geo. We'll go out of our way to keep in touch with you if we can. We also will preoccupy ourselves...
How would you enforce it? By prohibiting free assembly? Criminalizing and imprisoning people who form voter blocks?   Without significant Authoritarian and/or Fascist policies, I don't think...
According to my pal who is a Political Science major, the number of major parties in any given system of governance dwindles to N+1 where N is the total number of Executive Authorities in...
Congratulations.  Reminds me of when I got the job I have now, I passed the interview, and they said that they would setup the second interview with the site director soon. I asked them if the...
I think you need to tone it down, you're getting out of control.
Honestly he sounds like a dickhead.   Point-blank I wouldn't say he likes or dislikes you. However, interrupting you before you have a chance to respond to his question is just rude as fuck. Then,...
This has to be the most expansive post I've ever read (skimmed thoroughly?) in a while. A great read, you have a gift LoL  I was discussing history with a co-worker today, and I said something a...
Where did I ever say that one had the right to speak freely from all consequence? Never. I do believe that the State should interfere with speech as little as possible. If people want to ostracize...
I was recently introduced to the idea of post-birth abortion as a term for the death penalty. Or as a term generally to replace killing. Ex: Come on, there has to be at least someone somewhere at...
I can't begin to imagine what was going through their heads at the time, but I concur that their philosophies were decidedly libertarian based upon their quotes and writing. They REALLY didn't want...
pilgrim_12  I agree with Johnson that the current state of affairs is not conducive to an equitable distribution of property, but nothing in the Libertarian philosophy is about the equitable...
One has the right to tell anyone anything, just as you have the right to tell me anything you like.   I under no circumstances suggested such a thing. I did specify that one has no right to force...
Oh, and it's awesome to see so little critical thinking in the replies in a forum devoted to critical thinking. . . :o
I am libertarian leaning, but I think that any philosophical approach on it's own isn't going to meet societal needs.  Depending on how you want to simplify perspectives: The left generally views...
Anyone has the right to believe in anything they want to believe in for any reason insofar as they do not actively attempt to impede upon others.  EDIT: I will clarify that there is a difference...
Openly disagreeing with others isn't interference. Interference is intervening without consent in a process or event to disrupt or otherwise impede said process. Saying I don't think homosexuality...
What fun!  Criminal and Civil violations - The state should literally NEVER be involved in anything pertaining to civil violations against it's own population. The state exists to enforce criminal...
The left and the right are becoming more and more extreme (in the United States at least). It's also self-propagating.   Conservative extremism kind of reached a head with the election of Donald...
God forbid people do things that are wrong I mean, sheesh, what's the world coming to these days?
Why are you using silver bullets when regular on- wooops! Nothing to see here folks!
I think you may be conflating insecurity with certainty with insecurity about their ideas being accepted.  They are quite different.  EDIT: Also, being willing to evaluate one's personal...
Because if I know it with absolute certainty, what's to be insecure about? There's no question.
No. I feel most insecure when I don't know jack shit about [insert subject] and I have to pretend like I am semi-competent.
How about- Them: THAT'S GOT TO BE THE MOST BRILLIANT THING I'VE EVER HEARD. Me: I know. (oh stahp it you :3)
Why do I have 31 notifications even though I've been gone for like 8 months?
Just argue with a couple of ENFPs and you'll know you aren't an ENFP.   Between kaleidoscope and myself, it's like we're saying the same thing, but in different ways with a different approach, and...
Him her w/e. Not like the advice changes with a pronoun shift.
What are you even worried about repelling an ENTP Female with? Argue with them and discuss sex. Best of luck to you.
Worst jobs- (Anything involving repetition, monotony, empty-headedness, and no social interaction) Assembly Lines Data Entry Envelope Stuffing
rare and precious
To not ask such pointless questions.
Be careful, idiots can still drive steamrollers with you underneath them <3
No.
Thread Necro for funzies    And a year later I'm planning on marrying one. Great. Thanks universe.
The world will come to an end when all INTPs actually come out of their basement hovels and achieve something in the real world.
We all know you are an IxTJ or ExTJ or ENFP in disguise. ;)
https://www.reddit.com/r/entp/comments/64i6ju/humor/ 663386
Whimsical (Adjective) 1 :  full of, actuated by, or exhibiting whims  2 a :  resulting from or characterized by whim or caprice; especially :  lightly fanciful whimsical decorations b : ...
Communications/writing 101 - You tailor the content for the population.  Don't like it? Fine, but you are doing yourself a disservice by being intentionally stubborn about something that is...'"


1886: You're very right, I blew it way out of proportion! I realized that after a few days. Now you're just embarrassing me!
Thanks guys. I'll see her again soon for sure, and I don't care if it goes nowhere. We are cool people who hardly know each other, and I know that she's certainly not an insecure or selfish person.
Thanks, you're right. I am unbelievably impatient with life.
Heartbreak is that whiny voice in the back of your head that makes you pay attention to the lyrics of every sappy love song you hear. I met her through another friend at a party. I added her the...
Why?
Spirit animals are very, very serious business! Now tell me what yours is.
I took this question to the INTJ Forum and got banned on the day. Is it animals or ENTPs that you guys hate, or do you just hate everything nice and awesome in general? Just kidding of course. It...
I like brainstorming, and notemaking is sometimes enjoyable. Rarely look back to my old notes though.
It sure will start to get better soon- Around 20. The change for the better will be so amazing that it'll almost feel like a miracle.
Holy crap! That was so genorous of you to share yourself with me like that. Thanks. I've become quite full-hearted now, and it reminds me of myself at early childhood. I think I am learning to be...
My life has become quite awesome. I have learned to understand myself better, and through understanding myself I can understand everything else much more clearly. I'm trying out new things that...
Recently I've been finding myself getting angry at people for being boring.
It feels like it's been so long since I started this thread. Only two weeks! I was quite worried that I'd stay like that forever. I've become very sociable now, and just going for a walk out to town...
I'm almost twenty now. I think that I'm maturing, but I'm not sure where I'm headed.  I feel as if I am finally starting to really make use of my emotions. After a period of being outgoing, I've...
How did you get there?
This is an important thread. Always seems to happen once the exams are over and the holidays start.
<Sting>  Strange is the feeling When people laugh at the Wrong part of your joke
Imagine: you are granted the single-use superpower of graffiti.  This power will allow you to inscribe, just by thinking it, a short message of a few short sentences onto any man-made structure of...
Thanks! Can you tell me what the implications of the differences between the order of cognitive functions among ENTPs may be? For example, I see that you are quite different to me.
'Yes' to what?
I read that ENTPs have the tendency to be very conscious of their image. I feel that I am also quite image-conscious, in that I want to be seen as a fun and popular person. Therefore it frustrates me...
Today I was wishing I could be a touchier person.  I think that giving someone a hug certainly requires a solid level of self-love and faith, because offering a hug has so many implications: it is...
Dude, this is awesome! I'd been theorising and strategising my approach on life for some time, and I knew I was onto something. Trying to practice using something that you're not used to is a...
Yeah, 'observant mode' is a very suitable way to put this. Nowadays, it happens to me frequently, sporadically and for prolonged periods of time. So I often feel like I'm letting people (and myself)...
This is a good theory, which I was also considering last night. I feel as if I am learning to allow emotions and past memories have a greater effect on my life.
Speaking of broken, so is the quote-box I tried to make.
[QUOTE=gingertonic;2557547]I think it's hilarious that a young ENTP is like giving a kid an automatic rifle and sending him out the front door into the world. QUOTE]  Your sentence is broken; I...
Thank you so much guys! You are very knowledgeable people.    This is true. It's why I eventually joined the forum in the first place. I could see that my problem was being less balanced; the...
So, Ne can be encouraged by questions, huh. What is Ti driven by?  A pattern I've noticed is that I will feel the need to choose to be either 'silly and fun' or 'serious and cool' in the way I act-...
I guess that what I really want to know is: how do I 'turn it on and off' at will? I do seem to be able to turn it off at will quite easily now (perhaps the result of years of practicing not...
That's exactly what it is- a very difficult kind of self-consciousness, because it doesn't stem from any 'social problems' as far as I can tell. How can I make it so that Ne is always on? I want to...
Is it an ENTP trait to be unstable with their extraversion/introversion?  My case:  I'm still a teen (only just by a few months), and have been changing and growing rapidly recently. I can say...
Can't see the picture!
I wish I was better at initiating hugs with people, because they always like my hugs. I have to be in the zone to confidently give out hugs. How do you guys pull it off so well?
And I didn't even have to say anything- how efficient! Now you're all just making me proud of myself. Stop it, LOL.
http://personalitycafe.com/entp-forum-visionaries/35303-social-contact-introvertedness-entp.html This thread seems related. It seems that a lot of other ENTPs are confused by their mixture of...
Welcome, dude. You sound like a cool person!
I have noticed that I have days when I am just so happy and full of love, sociable and charming- people I meet during those moments are always very friendly to me afterwards. When I am not in that...
Surely he's just complaining about all the competition.
Highschool was just silly. In uni, my favourite has always been epidemiology. It's very awesome.
This is awesome, because I like this cool girl that I met some time ago and was curious about what her type might be (and she seems like an INFJ).
Whose Ne and sex drive are you talking about, KoD?
I noticed that my friend who has the reputation as 'the funny one' tends to repeat his successful jokes on people who haven't heard them yet.  On the other hand, I rarely repeat jokes because...
How did you all guess my type so easily? I feel shallow now, LOL.
Holy cow, my thread is so popular. This is awesome. Thanks for the welcome, fellow boob lovers!
Hey guys. I like boobs, because they are interesting. So I put a descriptive representation of boobs in the title, in order to yield more and better responses.Also, I am new. Welcome me!
Holy crap, you guys just invented the Sarcasm font."


1898: 'Is this true?  Don't tell her I love you so much.**A Russian woman doesn't like that.**She won't respect you.
http://s27.postimg.org/tz9bunfk1/stare_glare_bram_stoker.gif      http://i.imgur.com/fMaYJIq.gif
LOL, you are so ridiculous, I love it.  Disregarding the fact that you could be an asshole, I'll just say that you're probably going to lose.  ENTPs aren't susceptible to jedi mind tricks.  Even...
Jaysus Christ, you are quite the over analyzer.    If you were 30 or hell, even 25, maybe this kind of thinking is ok when picking a beau.  Lighten the hell up.    Are you high?  He SAID he had...
I ain't no feemail,buut yeeeah.  Seriously,recently, in another forum that's more of a mixed bag, about 6 people have labeled me as ESTP.  I know I'm not, I've taken 5 tests, and know the...
Question, how long did it take to kick in and what dosage?  I bought some good quality 5-HTP and SAMe.  I don't plan on taking them together but was going to do a trial.  I've been in a bit of a...
Yeah, it's called, You're into this guy.  But you're terrified of opening yourself up to rejection or being used or played.
Sometimes productivity pointers are helpful.  Sometimes you are in such a state of I don't even know what the fuck is going on right now, nor do I fucking care that productivity points, are like...
Spot on.
We get naked, and I DOMINATE her at checkers.
Everyone loves gossip.  Those that don't, are lyin' liars.
Why didn't you say so?  Start here:  The Game: Penetrating the Secret Society of Pickup Artists: Neil Strauss: 9780060554736: Amazon.com: Books
Wait, people come up to you and say You're creepy?  Are you an arachnid?
Word to the wise, All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.  Chuck Palahniuk
If they do not, in fact, know wha's up, I be throwin' down like they just disrupted The Gangsta's Ball.  And I ain't even swangin' them things. Feel?
No way jose.
Without a picture or moving gif, it never happened.
Do you have some sort of demonstration?
Hannibal Lecter is not a rapist.  That's rude.
I wear adidas shower sandals and a robe all day.
The sound of my own voice.  It's angelic.
Maybe I'm the one that's irritating, but I been hanging out at some other forums, and only ENTPs and INFJs seem to respond with the same kind of humor as me.
Sounds like a diary entry from Dexter when he was learning how to blend in with humans.
I make sure to always give a gangsta whas up? head nod to all those around me.  So that they may be more aware of what is up.
Your sentence structure needs work, but I will attempt to make sense of it.  Most hipsters I know cry openly when someone critiques the micro-brew they are sipping on.
I shall decide for thee, the latter.
That shit can make your mind interested in things that your soul isn't.   However, it can also make your mind interested in DOING mundane tasks that your soul needs.
REAL hipsters, the shallow, pseudo intellectual/intellectual wanna bes, are the result of having no real sense of identity or confidence, so they get into obscure shit to feel unique or cool.  And...
The best solution is, whenever your friends start to get boring, just pull up your reddit app.
Because you haven't moved on.
Scrumdiddlyumptious subtype.
Does your Psychiatrist know you've gone off your medication?
Wait, are you blaming ENTPs for your own ban?  If so, that's.....odd.
Look for the dude being carried upon the shoulders of a massive crowd praising his name and singing songs about him (or her).
That's mean.  We're friends now.  We both have a love for wallets.
Holy smokes.  You just blew my mind.  I'm gonna try to contact him on craigslist's missed connections.  Dear criminal, I was wrong, I thought we were different, you wanna get together for coffee?
Good advice.  But just felt I should mention that saying Oh you're young, you'll be fine doesn't help, (even though it's more or less true).
When I was in my mother's womb, I was like Hey ma! What kinda God lets the Holocaust happen?  She didn't have a good answer, or really seem to respond at all.  I knew then and there, the truth.
Ohhhh, you wanted real advice.  My B.    I'd like to start this advice column with a quote if I may, You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. ...
There's a dude in my town that started one, and he has his MBA.  He makes a KILLING.
I've been around a lot of other personality forums, and I must say, Goddamn!  We have it all.
lol.
That, is a poorly constructed sentence.  Just sayin' :shocked:
It was a long journey, but I finally found myself.  I was in the back of the couch cushions.
After lurking about in some INTP forums, where they would most certainly be debating very serious and logical theories to this thread's question, it's utterly refreshing to come to the ENTP...
My God.  Truth really is stranger than fiction.
I can only feign stupidity when I wear a hockey mask.  Otherwise, strangers see my all knowing, buddha-esque face and are always coming up to me asking me what the meaning of life is.  I mean, c'mon,...
Um, first of all, why would you want to be less of a jerk.  Jerks get mad 'spect and street cred.
NO.  People throw roses at me everywhere I go and once, while I was in line at a CVS, I cured a blind man.  He was like, thanks, I really like you, and I said,yeah I know, everyone does.
There was a bee in the cockpit.'"


1902: 'You're not manipulating the rule, you're breaking it.  Manipulating would be doing what my SO did in high school where he found a loop hole that allowed him to get out of study hall while staying...
Pilot first, grad school later.  You can always go to grad school (the military may even pay for it!), but once you're old and your eyes start going, that's it for any dream of being an Air Force...
I'd say if you think an assignment is repetitive or pointless, go to the teacher and ask what their goal is by assigning it.  Don't be rude or accusatory-- be genuine about it.  Teachers have to...
My biggest class was 1st Year Seminar with the entire first year class-- only about 200 kids.  It was held in the theater.  My smallest class (not including private voice lessons) had three of us. ...
I feel like regular school almost gives you an unrealistic view of socialization.  You get put with the exact same age group and the exact same kids, usually in a very narrow socio-econmic and...
Here's another good one-- Teach For America Not Welcome in my Classroom  As a (damn good) teacher with an actual teaching degree, Teach For America is not my favorite thing.  It centers around the...
It's very likely that these are your standards:  Reading-- Literature English Language Arts Standards  Reading: Literature  Grade 11-12 | Common Core State Standards Initiative Reading--...
I worked at McDonalds and Burger King in high school/early college.  It's certainly an experience.  As someone else said, jobs like that aren't meant to be fulfilling-- they're meant to get menial...
I volunteered with AmeriCorps for two years out of college.  It was great because I didn't have to pay to do it-- I got just enough of a stipend to break even in the end living modestly and then I...
Honestly, it depends on the job and on what kind of student you are.  My winter job is easy peasy.  I work 7-3 M-F and don't take any work home with me, so the rest of the time is for me to do...
My ESTJ boss told me last year just do as you're told.  It was the first time anyone ever used that phrase with me and now every time I hear it I shutter.  I hate that phrase.  I'm usually ok with...
I agree with the person who said most jobs are filled by referrals.  Almost every part time job I've gotten, I've had friends or family work there first.  Ask around to see if any of your friends'...
Are you looking for a real job (like a full time pay the bills job) or a part time weekend/summer/after school job?
18,434  I did three 30 minute sprints tonight and caught right up.  I finally got my setup done and am ready to move on to plot point one and the reaction tomorrow (yes, I'm setting this thing up...
So at the school where I work all the 7th graders have signed up to do the youth version of National Novel Writing Month and for motivation are trying to get as many friends/family/faculty members to...
At my school we weren't even allowed to declare our major until the end of sophomore year and thus didn't count as changing your major unless you were already a junior or senior (and at that point...
Why not carry it all the way through adulthood?  I can just see my bosses-- ok, Devin.  That was very bad how you didn't lock out that machine before you went in.  I'm gonna have to change your card...
Pros-- 1.  Dining hall food.  So many choices at every meal and always all you can eat.  I gained my freshman 15 and then some.  2.  Always having people right there to do stuff with.  Late night...
Honstly, I'm not sure entirely.  She asked to see him in and hallway and we all just started cracking up the second he walked out.  A minute later she came back in, unplugged the tv and wheeled it...
*Random Story*  When I was in middle school we had a math teacher who only taught our one class each day.  He... wasn't the brightest...  We convinced him to let us watch this on MTV every day in...
I second the bookstore/library suggestion.  I've got both a nice quiet library job and an insane screaming amusement park job.  I actually find the annoyances equal, but an introvert would definitely...
Right now I'm reading several books (I've always got several going at a time), but I'm hoping to find some time tomorrow to get Stephen King's new book Joyland.  It's about a guy named Devin (my...
I was going to be a ninja/Power Ranger, which morphed in lawyer somehow by 4th or 5th grade.  In middle school it was an Army surgeon (during my phase when I was completely obsessed with M*A*S*H),...
Trying to relax as much as possible before I head into work for a 12 1/2 hour shift.  I've got another one tomorrow and I had one yesterday.  This is the life I chose...
I can't.  I felt bad when my mom spent several hundred dollars on my class ring in high school and I couldn't wear it for more than a day at a time because it annoyed the hell out of me.  I've tried...
Life isn't fair.  *shrug*
I do believe everyone deserves an A if everyone knows their stuff and is able to produce A-quality work.  The question then becomes what is the standard for A-quality work.  It should be a quality...
Exactly.  I work two jobs with one of them (my favorite for some reason...) being in an incredibly hierarchical, SJ environment.  It's certainly not monotonous or boring, but it's a lot of organizing...
I like memorizing things.  Always have.  This has been my playground the past few days:  http://www.west-point.org/academy/malo-wa/inspirations/buglenotes.html
I think working hard means something different for everyone.  For some people it's time and physical effort.  For others it's mental effort.  For me, I consider myself working hard when I'm putting...
He's the boss.  I should do as he says.  He knows best.  That's the way the manual says to do it and that's the way it should be done.  It's always been done that way.  It's the way we do it.  We...
Do you enjoy driving and taking roadtrips?  Sometimes.  I get stressed driving if I don't know where I'm going and I get nervous before long trips, but I've driven cross country by myself several...
Yeah....  That totally backfired on me.  While I was in college I got a crappy summer amusement park job.  I finished college and actually worked in my field for a few years while still working the...
Now we need a guide for ENTPs on how to deal with your ENTJ Overlord without getting struck/cursed/fired/shot.  I've been told by the aforementioned ESTJ henchman to shut up and do as I'm told, but...
Iron Man.  Nuff said.
I kinda wanna send that to my ENTJ boss, but something tells me he wouldn't find it all that funny...  We need a mischievous smiley face...
If someone's able to use the self-awareness gained through MBTI to improve the quality of their life to where they don't need a therapist, then more power to them.  People need therapy when they...
I don't know anyone who was hurt, but I'm close enough to Boston that my cell phone service was cut off, so for me, this is pretty local.
I feel like a complete jerk right now.  The second I saw about the explosions at the Boston Marathon, all I could think was crap-- it's all anyone's going to be talking about for the next three...
I was unemployed for a little over a month in the fall (not a horribly long time, but long enough to affect me).  I got scattered and a bit depressed.  It was probably a combination of not having...
I had no problems with teachers in school.  They all seemed to love me and my sense of humor.  I don't seem to have the same effect on most bosses, unfortunately.  Some of them still seem to love...
I know everyone talks about dressing nicely for the interview, but I helped out with a job fair today and I was shocked at the kind of things people were showing up in.  Short leather skirts,...
Just finished Lessons from the Mouse: A Guide for Applying Disney World's Secrets of Success to Your Organization, Your Career, and Life.  A short book with many INVALUABLE lessons for anyone in a...
I don't think I could ever do the financial side of business, but I love the management and customer service aspect.  I'm reading a lot of those books right now to prepare for a management position...
I've actually got both a career (teaching) and a job (summers/spring and fall weekends at an amusement park) right now.  I sadly like my job better than teaching.  It's sad because it's not something...
I've got ordinal personification synesthesia, although it was much stronger when I was little.  I didn't think anything of it until a few years ago-- I thought everyone learned basic math by...
I work in a library and April is poetry month, so to advertise I made some poems out of books.  I'm bored.  This one's my least favorite:  66145  This one's about a roller coaster (I love...
I feel like I'm at my most witty when I'm around someone (usually older) who gives me a run for my money.  I had this one professor in college who was just as good with wit as I was and when the two...
As perceptive as I am about people, for some reason when it comes to stuff *I* do and say, I can be a total social moron.  I say things (usually meant as jokes) that people take completely the wrong...
The two I'm actively reading right now (as in the last week-- not including the many I've started and maybe read a chapter of every once and awhile) are Aikido and the New Warrior and The Primal...'"


1905: 'I have a hot body and face, great hair, an unusually high IQ, a good sense of humour and decent social prowess when I feel like it. I made more money as a severely disabled 21 year old girl working...
Rick and Morty anyone?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ht-ZyJOV2k
If Christians actually read their own holy book they would hate divorce much more than they claim to hate gay sex.  If Atheists cared half as much about helping the poor and loving people as they...
Okay, I'm confused. I don't think anybody remotely accused you of being a whore. You said that you practiced being straight, which kind of implies that you had sex with men at the very least. So......
Do you feel like you were born gay, or do you think there was something that contributed to the initial feeling of being gay, like sexual abuse? Did you have any positive sexual experiences with men...
Am I the only person who gets pissed off when John Oliver insults America? I know it's a comedy show and he lives in the US now, but he's not an American and yet feels the right to become a...
...Pass.
Umm, not really, no. Just saying, if I could give up some of my logic in order to be better with people I would. I may be socially competent but I imagine I could be better if I were a Feeler.
No. SJs are surgeons and most doctors and nurses are probably Feelers.
Keep the N and become a Feeler, definitely. I'd rather be good with people than coldly logical all the time.
The game often refers to the many techniques practiced and preached by pick-up artists in order to have sex with and/or date women more efficiently. When taken too seriously it becomes sociopathic...
Give him an ultimatum. ENTPs respond surprisingly well to realistic threats, unless they're really immature. Say, If you're late to ___ meeting or don't have your work prepared I will fire you and...
Sometimes. Yes and no. It has to be a balance between how bored I am and how potentially dangerous the thrill is. If I'm not bored I won't take many risks, even small ones (for instance, I never get...
Not in the US.
Of course it's the best source for clinical diagnoses. It's the ONLY major source for clinical diagnoses. Best available care. That doesn't make it accurate enough to be considered science....
What the hell? Why? Having no one in your early 20s equals no future, even though you have the rest of your life to find someone? Not to mention to work on your career, start a project, volunteer or...
Okay, that's fair. In other developing countries it makes sense that a lack of birth control and a presence of controlling husbands could lead to abortions. I remember reading about that happening in...
Yes, they literally do have their own section of psychology. Look it up. Oh wait, you never will.  I really don't care for your total lack of evidence, anecdotes, articles or anything beyond your...
I have. Studied psychology for years, studied LGBT psychology, studied transgender psychology and the science surrounding it. I've been an active member in the LGBT community as an ally my whole...
Here, since you guys don't know how to do a goddamn Google search for yourselves. I feel like the only adult in the room. ...
But they do exist, and I've met others like her. So... all abortions are because of the patriarchy except for my mother's? She is the single most irresponsible woman on the face of the planet? All...
Shahada All I said was There is scientific evidence to support my opinion. No mention of a consensus. That was you. But since you continue to pointless argue false semantics, as well as putting...
When you post an article supporting evidence for your claim in a debate:  THAT'S NOT A GOOD ENOUGH ARTICLE. YOUR SOURCES SUCK. YOU JUST PICK AND CHOOSE THE ONE THAT SUPPORTS YOU OUT OF ALL THE...
Why would I post all of the articles that go against my argument? If half the articles are pro something and half are against, wouldn't it stand to reason that both are valid sources of information...
The DSM was rejected from the scientific community. And there still is no consensus in the psychological community, which is why many psychologists (and doctors in general) refuse to treat...
We all want to believe the best about ourselves. I remember my mother saying that exact same thing: I can't have a child now because I'm too poor. Then the next time she got pregnant she just...
I think you are idealising women. Most of the women I know who've had abortions had them because they refused to use birth control and didn't feel like being pregnant. Not every woman on earth is...
That was a head doctor at Johns Hopkins, one of the best hospitals in the world. But okay, here's some more if you can't swallow that.  Paul McHugh: Transgender Surgery Isn&#39;t the Solution - WSJ...
This bothers me and I don't know why.
I can't afford it is a weak excuse. You can afford to give a child up for adoption. You can get free birth control through many programs. You can even get free prenatal care. What they really mean...
Actually, it does.  Johns Hopkins Psychiatrist: Transgender is x80x98Mental Disorder;' Sex Change x80x98Biologically Impossiblex80x99  The pro-transgender advocates do not want to know, said McHugh, that...
So all the anti-gay and anti-woman and pro-rape posts on this thread get overlooked, but I make a comment which has a significant basis in science about trans people and get an infraction. I guess...
Blasphemy. I doubt that Mr. Cafebot even has a shiny metal ass.
Futurama is canceled and it's never coming back.
Well I own 0.14% of the forum's posts. So... there... Goddamnit I need a life.
D+ for effort. Try again next time.  http://brucekrasting.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/d-plus-school-letter-grade-300x200.jpg
It arguably could be said that I cheated on my partner, but I don't view it that way and I hope he doesn't either. I was working as a stripper, and I performed certain acts with my customers during...
The nerdy girl gets the worm, but the hot blond gets the roofie.
Nah, women don't have abortions because of patriarchy. I had an abortion because I was raped (which perhaps could be skewed as part of the patriarchy, although I don't really think so). But when I...
Oh, it happens often at the higher end restaurants. Especially anything with a bar in it, even if I'm sitting at a table away from the bar. Most recently, the guy is a waiter at a mid-priced sushi...
I try to be polite to everyone in public, and somehow to a lot of men (especially fucking waiters) that seems to mean they should keep pestering me and trying to get my number. I'm starting to think...
Should I go get sushi before it closes?
To be clear, if someone is completely against feminism, they believe that:  - women should not be allowed to vote - women should be paid less than men - men should never be stay-at-home dads -...
Yeah, I've been accused of being a SJW for saying that sexism still exists and men are culturally taught to feel entitled to sex with a hot girl. But the thing is, I'm a moderate. A big,...
Society doesn't accept anyone. And it doesn't have to. No you aren't turning my argument; you're just repeating the argument that everybody else has been making, which I then turned on its head. ...
Roll my eyes every time their back is turned to me, then wait eagerly until they leave the room so I can talk shit about them.
Put a bag over your head.
I don't know, but the Korean lady at the dry cleaner's tailored my dress pretty loose. I guess that's what I get for spending less than $20 and not remembering to say An yong hae sai-yo.
I once made a post agreeing with a SJW, which just happened to include some buzzword out of context (like identify or something). Without reading my post, he started mercilessly bashing me as a...
If I encourage others to read this part of history and learn from his successes, perhaps one of them will go on to implement similar policies based on these when they're in office. Perhaps it may...'"


1913: 'When I read threads like this it feels like something within me is missing and with that said I don't think I have a safety movie; nowadays I have trouble re-watching a movie, even if I think it's...
Ah, I see; thanks for the explanation and the answer.
Haha, okay; well, I'm sure I don't have Aspergers but if that was what the examples looked like, who am I to argue?
SCOEI   Which would mean ENTJ in MBTI, according to the correlation page; I also got ENTJ when I did humanmetrics MBTI-test yesterday and I've been thinking if I'm an ENTJ and not an ENTP the last...
I've thought about this since yesterday and either I lack Fe or I have Fi in my function stack. I will give you a couple of examples and see what you think, if you decide to reply or not is, of...
Hogwarts houses and mbti.
mewpie   Well, at a certain point I'll have to stop myself and then I finish all of the pages that're open at the moment before continuing. I'm not sure if I'm distracted (except for the times I'm...
Okay, two scenarios:  - When I do things I easily get side-tracked for example if I read about mbti I can read through half a page, find another link and start reading half of that page, it can...
Occams Chainsaw  That would make sense, I thought about Ti too but I wasn't really sure; I'm pretty sure I have Ti as my primary or auxiliary function. With Fe as tertiary or inferior. It's the...
About a test question and how I generally deal with test-questions I doesn't know.   The task was to describe constitutional monarchy with one sentence and I didn't know the answer immediately so I...
WamphyriThrall  Well, seems like I'm not alone then.   I have a nagging feeling that I might be an ESTP but I'm pretty sure that's just wishful thinking because I don't see myself extroverted...
Ah, that was rather interesting.   I don't see myself as an ambivert though; I guess there is a certain spectrum that could count as ambivert (close 50 on a scale from 1-100) but I'm pretty sure...
WamphyriThrall  Well, that could make sense.   The reason why I was thinking about it was curiosity if there could be any connection and because I'm wondering if I'm an E or an I at the moment; I...
I stumbled across MBTI some months ago and I did the test: got INTJ, I could relate to it somewhat but I started to question it when an acquaintance also got INTJ and even if two persons of the same...
My first thought was ESFJ and I don't think it changed when I kept reading.     ai.tran.75 or someone else may have a more educated guess, if they have the time and you want a second opinion that is....
- Deleted -
If extroverts generally write more forum-posts a day than introverts.
I would probably say INFP.   1. Ever since I was younger I sometimes hung out with some friends ( actual friends, acquaintances or cousins) to get to something they had; like playing video games or...
After reading this I'm questioning if I actually am an ENTP; I couldn't really feel that anything in the text was truly spot on. I guess I couldn't really concentrate when I read it and maybe if I...
Well, to be honest I second-guess my type on a daily basis when I'm in a mbti-mood however I've probably really mistyped myself only two times: INTJ (I made the test, this was the result) -> ENFJ...
When I signed up on this site I was fascinated that some people seem to want to embody the stereotype of their mbti-type to the point where they almost look like a caricature of their said mbti-type....
I agree.  People here (that answered my typing-thread) thought I probably am an ENTP and even if I have some ENTP-characters I like it seems like I'm usually drawn to (maybe ISTP) ESTJ, ISTJ and...
If ones favorite characters have anything to do with ones mbti-type; if there's a pattern that shows that each type are drawn to certain characters.   But I'm too damn lazy to even make a thread...
ISxJ, Maybe?   1. When I get interested in something I usually want to invest time in it but after the opening-phase where I have planned the project/gotten the stuff to do the project it's easy...
Based on that I would probably say ISFx, not sure though.   1. I have sixteen different folders for different types of pictures on my computer. Sorted so that I can find what I'm looking for...
ghostfire01 ,  Kitty23 (I thought I'd include you in this post too),  purplegreen,  Dental Floss Tycoon (ExTP guess) and myst91 (ENxJ guess after me dismissing ENTP)   Sums up the first page pretty...
Desthro   Of course I did, but I figured I'd take my chances.   I sure do. It seems like I may have found a place where I can feed my narcissistic side then. ;)
I'm probably an extrovert and I've also stayed at home instead of hanging out with my friends; a lot because of the fact that my friends usually do the same thing every time we see each other;...
I should study or do something else that's productive but I'm playing Hearthstone instead.
So, according to people who have tried to help me with my typing have suggested ENTP and I'm starting to get more comfortable with the thought after obsessing about the whole mbti-subject for a...
Characters.   I've been thinking if it's okay according to the masses to like and enjoy characters of dubious (or bad) nature? Sometimes I've thought about it and wondered if I shouldn't feel shame...
V for Vendetta and Watchmen are two movies I enjoy a lot.   Maybe not what you're looking for and chances are that you've seen them but yeah, I think they're pretty interesting. Watchmen is...
I'm not sure if I'm a J or a P so maybe I shouldn't answer but screw that. I'm leaning toward P though.   I have a rather organizer room, it's always relatively neat and my movies are placed at one...
Well, I think I'm going to say ENxP; I don't think dark humor is exclusive only to thinking types (maybe more common though, I don't know) and pretty outgoing is a broad description; ENTP is...
Same.  I find it rather amusing that when I finally cried to a movie it was to a movie about an animated, old guy.
Want to be moved to the point of tears? Watch Up.
Because I don't know and when it feels like I'm close or that I've found my type I start to question the results, find reasons as to why it doesn't fit, come up with theories/explanations as to why...
To know my MBTI-type.   Finding it out is going to be the plot in the next Mission Impossible.
I can't believe I'm saying this but...  YOLO! Or like Yoda would have said: OOYL.
Dreamer777  Thanks for the answer and for the last edit.  I agree that ENTP might be the best fit after all; let's use the exclusion method. Ne was highest on all tests, this gives us Primary =...
Dreamer777  I thought you might ask for the results so I saved the pictures;  - http://i.imgur.com/GTBlDQs.png - http://i.imgur.com/39uJ1Hx.png - http://i.imgur.com/b4xgh34.png  It seems like...
Shorty Levi   Yeah, I agree, despite being new to MBTI I cant see INTJ for him at all. I would also probably put him as an ExTP or maybe even argue him being an ENFP (to make things interesting),...
I'm very curious about this typing:  Solf J. Kimblee - INTJ  I'm rather new to this MBTI-thing so I would like to hear your arguments for him being an INTJ, well except for the fact that's he's...
Dreamer777  Considering I realized I might be an healthy/balanced ENTP instead of an ENFP I also did what you said and did a cognitive-function test, results was the following:   Extroverted...
myst91, Dental Floss Tycoon and Dreamer777   Forewords  Okay, so I waited with my answer today because I've pretty much spent the day researching, exploring, writing down functions on paper,...
Sassy was the first word that came to mind when I saw your avatar. Apart from that you could probably be a kind, humorous person.
myst91  Test answer:  Sociotype: LSI-2Ti (ISTj)  Other possible types:  SLE (ESTp): 99% as likely as LSI.  LII (INTj): 67% as likely as LSI.  ILE (ENTp): 59% as likely as LSI.
Considering House is the only character of them that I know of I would probably say xNTx.   1) Boromir, Lord of the Rings 2) Darth Vader, Star Wars 3) V, V for Vendetta 4) Sabertooth, X-Men  5)...
myst91  I agree that ESTJ is the most likely of the two but I'm not going to discard the ISTJ before I'm 100% sure I'm not one; I've looked into the ISTJ-forum and I can relate to a lot of things...
L'Enfant Terrible  Ja, mein frulein.  To the next person playing: ignore this post.'"


1915: I suggest you treat him like you would a sociopath out for you.  Bore him. Respond to him, but flatly without emotion. Acknowledge him, but don't engage him. Be dull.   He'll forget about you and...
I'd be drinking in the basement
It's not really a policy as much as a hang up. I'll call a gypsy tattarjvel and a middle eastern blatte or babbe, if they deserve it. Those are fighting words in Swedish, will get you cut up. But i...
I swear way too fucking much. But i have serious issues with being disrespectful to women. I can call a friend a fucking cunt for just about everything, but i have never and hopefully will never use...
Yes, of course i have a job.  I'm the operations director of a small-midsize manufacturing company. It's a fucking fantastic job for any technically minded ENTP. I love it and i make serious bank...
The ridiculousness lies in the idea of the ideal match. There's a lot more to compatibility than MBTI, and i would say that this particular MBTI match is more about what seems ideal than what...
Having been away for a year and more this ENTP+INFJ match just seems ridiculous. You guys are cute, but holy fuck... not the best match necessarily.
You changed, he didn't.   Not his fault really. Or is it?   Ask yourself, ask him, is this worth ending your relationship?   This doesn't sound like it is about MBTI but two people, love, the...
Don't try to control him.   When he is young, make sure he pays attention to school and learns good study habits. Support him ( with word, not money ) in any and all interests he aquires, but don't...
Are you fucking serious?  You need to get out more.
Argue your point, whatever it is.   I just don't think you can, because i don't think you actually know enough about the matters to refute me. I think you want to gain the upper hand by painting me...
I bet you can't.
Really? Please refute me. I might have written it in a silly manner, but i 100% stand behind it and can argue for it. Except the equaling Merkel with Hitler thing. I don't necessarily think it was...
Ok so Merkel first. She is one of three great, megalomaniacal leaders germany has had since the beginning of the 20th century. Only difference she, and her predecessor chancellors, are a bit smarter....
What's wrong with you?? Pure evil has no type!
What the fuck did i just listen to? Are you serious?
It depends. I can be very confrontational but i've gotten in to too many confrontations where it turned out i was in the wrong. Mistakenly in the wrong, but still in the wrong. On the internet this...
1. I don't really think it's an ideal match, but it could work.  2. Stress 3. It's very important. 4. It's essential that we can talk and have a good exchange, but not essential that she likes an...
This is fucking stupid as hell. So the most detached and aloof person wins? Well then i'm not going to play the game at all. Living life like that? What an utter fucking waste of time. Live life to...
For fucks sakes no. Also your editing is fucking painful.
Worst combo except for ISFP.  Because Fi.
Apparently i am a woman.
Yeah agreed on all points. My point was that they don't actually need a huge capital investment in order to actually start the company and build a house. What you are talking about is a step above...
I was thinking that you would sell the product yourself/through distributors and own the product, not just the IP. If you're licensing it i am convinced that you are right on! My point is just that...
I would like to add that it's not always the best idea to get a patent. Depending on the area you are getting a patent in you can actually hurt yourself more by applying for a patent than just...
What's going through his mind? I think he stated it pretty clearly. He like you, is infatuated with you, but he doesn't see a future with you. Probably because he doesn't want to be tied down. I...
It's hard to not let it get to you. Some people have an easier time shaking it off, some don't. In the end what you really are doing is kind of the same thing as when you're recovering from a break...
I had a wild weekend. We fired up the sauna and smoked lots of weed. Then we swam in the lake.   Wild!
Did you see any sources for this chart?  There aren't any, are there? Or well... i know there are. But they are never provided when that chart is reposted. Long story short the source is bullshit. ...
FitzChivalry Farseer is one dense motherfucker. Rand al'Thor is infuriatingly stupid at times. Half the characters in asoiaf are disgustingly aggravating.   But i dont hate any of them.
A family and a career might be hard to combine. When do you see yourself having kids? A lot of the positions you mention seem to be MBA-level positions, are you up for that?   I would stay in...
Who knows? He chases a ball for a living. My guess is dog.
I've had to learn that sometimes you have to just swallow your pride and go along with a decision that you do not agree with, in order to fulfill larger more important goals. Like at work. I work for...
Yeah i'm an 8. It probably has something to do with it.  I just couldn't fathom being happy if i had several layers of decision makers above me. I want to at least be a part of the decisions that...
I'm a mechanical engineer and the operations manager at a small ( 40 people ) manufacturing company. We develop, manufacture and sell our own products. It is the best thing ever. I fucking love every...
Smart, ambitious but submissive brunettes with a morbid streak and a compatible music taste.   Nothing else has ever got me going.
Actual friends? Invited his girlfriend to a party. Wanted to hit on her. Instead i went to china with him.
Thank you captain obvious!
Do i know you?
2 year younger me, YOU ARE SO FUCKING FULL OF SHIT.   You fucking want the clingy. Don't try to kid yourself. Idiot. Also, don't enter any relationships until when you're 28 at least. You're not...
I've got to agree that the ENTJ has got to go. The INFP and ISFP also absolutely have to fuck off because i can't stand the whining. Apart from that i'm not really sure. I guess the ENFJ will have to...
I dont think i know any. I am not sure they exist.
You, dear sir, is the textbook definition of spoiled brat. I honestly don't think brats come more spoiled than that!  Good luck and have fun with life, unless you are planning on having your...
I listed speed! Ritalin which is European Adderall is a favorite, although good old amphetamine is the best.
I don't do small doses, and after 5g+ of shrooms or a couple of heavy hits of acid i need a week or so to recover fully.
That's too bad. Still, you should try to investigate things on your own and keep a critical mindset.
So... bad because they said so in school and forbidden because you dont know where to get any?  Ok! You're a gullible moron! Do you believe everything that authorities tell you??
Well played sir, well played! But you can't troll a troll! ;)
Why are they bad for me? Seriously, a statement like that without any kind of backing is useless. Is it because you said so, or why do you think they're bad for me?   Btw., you are totally not...
Druuuugs.  I used to be all about the psychedelics. LSD, shrooms, 2c-b, MDMA would be my favorites. Nowadays i have a life to take care of so it's strictly beer, weed, speed and benzos. But only on..."


1919: bad, as long as I'm not winning.
I was supposed to write a big message here two seconds ago and I almost finished it before i thought it sounded cheesy so I deleted it. I fucking hate myself.
https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=954898927857263  This is so funny.
Oh my, oh my. 113. As Wololo wrote above. I'm not really sure how I feel about IQ tests. They make me feel so worthless and bad. I always get so dissapointed at my results. Feels like putting a stamp...
Yeah, think it helped a bit at least. It stood that ENTP can be the most introverted extrovert type which I could really see. The introversion/extroversion question has really been one of the biggest...
Nothing more?
I've read a lot about these two types lately and every time I do the MBTI test I end up as a ENTP. I've read though, that it's better to read the functions than stare blind at the letters on the...
World War 2, for now. But I've had it for a couple of weeks now so it should fade quite soon.
I've never really understood which type I am. When I'm sure this very type must be mine I look into another and then come to the conclusion that I got no fucking clue. The most recent debate in my...
I started a similar thread in the ENTP forum. So basiclly what you guys are saying is that you don't have a lot of friends? How do you feel about it? Sad? Don't give a shit? Would you like to have...
Very well then. Use the world bestest, rules are boring and made to be broken. I wanna have many bestest friends. Or no I don't.  I just have a hard time finding out who I am. I wanna put a sticker...
Very well then. Use the world bestest, rules are boring and made to be broken. I wanna have many bestest friends.
Why can't you have more than 1 best friend? Ofc it's harder to obtain and preserve more than one best friend but I find it hard to see why not. It seems rather ignorant and stupid to say that you...
After sighcantthinkofaname's post I came to think about what you consider a friend? Is is your co-worker? The one you take a beer with every once in a while? What do you consider your best friends?...
Likewise. Though it's a pattern in my life. Do something for a couple of months, tops, then move on to the next. Hell have I ever watched a whole TV-series? Don't think so.
I don't really know. I do all these tests to chase the dream of knowing who I am. To belong somewhere. Honestly I have no fucking clue what so ever if I'm a 3'2. I certainly not fell like ENTP, but...
Fuck yeah. Same. But I don't give a shit anymore.
Hello guys. Do you have a lot of friends? Does your phone always pling every minute and you're always headed to a party or activity at weekend? Mine's most certainly not and I'm curious about you....
Yeah, ESTP might be the one. Definitely not J, definitely. Thanks for the answer. :)
It seems like I whistle whenever I dont want to and vice versa.
Can you whistle if you only can do it sometimes?
This thread is like the tale of the Sword in the Stone were the last person to try to pull it wins.
Thanks brother <3
Good, now I just have to find out what my type is.  Mind reading this thread http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/179250-hey-guys-its-nicole-just-read-my-thread-thanks.html?
I think I meant more like 50/50 on both of them :)
As the title says, is it possible, and if you want to, read my Nicole thread please. :)
Left BrainRight Brain 46%54%  You think this might have something to do with my 50-50 sensor/intuitive?
I don't know what I am or who I am and I listen to every genre there is. :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXQZ7T4sAss
Bump
Additionally it took my hours to write this since I got bored once and a while and went on to Facebook and a lot of other places I shouldn't been while writing such important stuff like this.
1. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
Oh wow man, that question makes you think. I think I might got 2-3 really good friends. That kind of friends who would walk to the moon and back for ya. Then I've got an uncounteble amount of...
I'm a bit ambivalent. The best thing I know is to hang out with a friend or a group of friends but if I have to be alone I don't mind being  so but not for too long since I get restless being so. I'm...
Yeah this shit is very confusing and I don't get a shit. But that just makes it more interesting to learn. Overcoming struggels. :)
I Fought The Law -  The Clash
Yes! That was an exact observation. I really feel like someone who's just standing aside watching. The more I read on this forum the more confused I get. I mean, I've done the test like 4 times and...
It's frustrating. In the last 24 hours I've done the test like 4 times and I still don't belive I'm an ENTP. I don't trust the computer, I want someone to say it directly to my face. Can you go to a...
When you really realy want to write an reply to this thread but when you're about to do it you dont feel for it anymore.
You know you're a perceiver when you watch a movie and want to kill a charachter doing something bad but the following scen you feel sorry for him because he is the one to be exposed for violence of...
No one has ever tried to type me IRL but it would be real nice. Even tough the tests online might be very accurate and correct I think it is better to be typed by a psychologist who can oversee the...
Never cried to a movie in my whole life except Marley and Me :P
0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
Hi!   My name is Elias and I'm an ENTP. Right now I'm in a bit of personal crisis and I'd like to find out who I am. I find it hard to express my deep inner feelings and I don't think I've ever..."


1930: 'Can you guys and gals describe to me how you generally start relationships? Mine have a tendency to start relatively quickly.  I sorta treat the beginning of a relationship as anything that I am...
I had a rather strange encounter this past weekend and it led to a compliment that just sorta seemed awkward.  My friend's Mom told me this. You have the most beautiful skin I've ever seen on a...
Umm tell him to grow a spine?  How long have you been dating?  If it'd short term I'd say it's understandable and if it's long term well he needs to learn to stand up for his opinions.  Every woman...
I think all ethics and morality is completely relative.  What one person is willing to deal with can be another person's breaking point.  As for me I'm pretty free spirited when it comes to most...
Speaking only for myself my comedy changes with the group of people I'm around.  It can range anywhere from goofy, overtly sexual, berating sarcasm, angry rants, or light-hearted joking.  Once again...
I don't really have a dedicated group of friends.  I have this person that I hang out with when I'm doing one thing and a completely different person when I am doing another thing.  Realistically I...
I guess I'll give a real reply.  I enjoy sitting around a campfire with a beer in my hand and a random woman on my lap.  If no woman is on my lap, a beer in both hands will suffice.  Reading a little...
129073
129041
Good 1. Motivating my minions 2. Conversation 3. Bullshiting my way out of anything 4. Kinda goes with 3 but lying 5. Bags/Cornhole 6. Getting a rise out of people 7. Fishing  Bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1KqxH4VfZs
I sleep typically 5-7 hours a night with a random day where I'll crash for 10 or so.
Sexual







78% Social



38% Self Preservation





58%
So I was thinking today that in a couple of months I turn 31 and I sorta wrote out what I've learned in those years which led me to my list of 31 things.  I figured I'd share, not that I'm all...
I almost posted this yesterday but was much too lazy. I made it 3 minutes before I wanted to shoot myself in the head.  How'd you do?
Pretty much anything Tarantino, Kill Bills, Pulp Fiction, Reservoir Dogs Cohen brothers namely Big Lebowski and Fargo Some of the M Night stuff, Lady in the Water, 6th Sense Any of the Monty...
124962
With me I really don't even try it just sorta happens.  I hear something entertaining or amusing and jump right into conversation without thinking about it.  Before I know it I've led the...
Strangely enough I'm reminded of a moment on Scrubs when Colin Farrell guest stars and says Lads, you'll sleep enough when you're dead and buried. You have to get out on the streets. You have to...
Upon overhearing a group of random women strangers discussing their periods you say If I had a period I would crave beef jerky.  You immediately enlist all of them in a discussion about which...
Dammit, I love me some Falcor!
118377
As a very young child my parents tell me that I never wanted to be picked up or held, in fact I would start crying immediately when anyone picked me up.  I much preferred crawling around and...
Easy answer, hookers, cocaine, and I'd probably rob a bank... just to try and get away with it.
I think I've ended up buying more redbox movies than actually returning them.
So promise a dozen roses followed by a BJ?  I think my romanticism gene is broken.
Loving the challenge thread and the thread of shame.  Great ideas!  And I'm totally in on the challenges.
I do fine once in a monogamous relationship it's just getting to that point.  Every gf I have ever had has had to fight me tooth and nail to get to that point.  I just don't like giving up the...
Precisely why he was killed.  Well, that, and the elimination of the federal reserve.
I still don't understand how drugs are a morality issue?  Is it because many are illegal?  As is jay-walking, speeding, and driving without a seat belt which are broken all the time.  How about...
No real planning at all it just sorta comes and goes.  I'll think Hey, I should really get some menial task like laundry done tomorrow. Wake up, get distracted by some new idea, start on that idea,...
1. In drama/acting and/or just everyday situations, how good are you at improvisation? Any situations where you are better/worse at it? Why? I can improvise pretty much anything.  If a topic changes,...
Friends tend to describe me as confusing, stubborn, crass, sorta arrogant, possible sociopath, hilarious, adventurous, intelligent, and angry.  Enemies describe me as confusing, stubborn, crass,...
Don't worry you only missed about 30 seconds of boob time.  The rest, pretty awful.
I think Jack London said it best, I would rather be ashes than dust! I would rather that my spark should burn out in a brilliant blaze than it should be stifled by dry-rot.  I would rather be a...
She had better be self sufficient or why the hell would I be married to her?  I loathe the You complete me crap that society tries to push. We're all responsible for our own happiness and self...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Xd_zkMEgkI
It'll be like the 2nd coming of christ.  We will light up, birds will sing, you will be forced to bow down at our magnificent glory, and harps will sound.  Oh yeah, except we'll be less crucifixy.
Cons of a dog: Potty training, feeding, watering, exercise, Give me all your food, Let me sniff your ass, having to take them outside.  Cons of a cat: claws, that hunched over hairball puking...
I had this thought today... suppose humanity were on a different planet with a different length of day.  Would our sleep patterns follow this new day?  What if a day were four times as long as our...
I watched a lot of Bobby's World.  A few others I will throw out there are Captain Planet, Ren and Stimpy, TaleSpin, Rescue Rangers, Duck Tales, Inspector Gadget, and Darkwing Duck.
My parents are out of town and I said that I would run over to their house over the weekend to take care of their dogs a couple times a day (a 20 minute drive).  I don't really know why I agreed to...
1. I'm indifferent.  Usually I know before we've even gone out on a date if I can see myself with you in a relationship way.  If I don't see being in a relationship with you and you try to sleep with...
I really like my non-normal work hours.  Working 3pm-3am is definitely for me as I can sleep till noon and not have to function in the morning.  It took me quite awhile and quite a few different jobs...
I turned 30 this past year and it led to a bit of inner thinking and where I am in life and whether I'm really all grown up.  Growing up, I always thought that at some point I'd look and think...
My immediate thought when I read the thread title... For the hell of it.  Really I just like to mess with people and see how much I can get away with and whether or not they might call me out on...
I'm in the Madison area, about 20 minutes north to be exact.  The southwest corner of the state has been getting pounded as well.  Here, it hasn't been terrible other than the ridiculous cold.  The...
I live in southern Wisconsin and it's been a pretty hellish winter.  The news outlets were talking about how it has been the 14th coldest winter on record and 16th snowiest winter.  It's either been...
It varies slightly from person to person and to really get into it scientifically you would have to find a baseline from said person.  But, as a general rule most of the things I mentioned indicate...
I used to really have trouble reading all the signs when someone was attracted to me. Then, I decided one random week to learn everything I could about people's facial expressions and body language. ...'"


1943: Some enneagram and MBTI types cannot fit together, for instance IxFP and type 3 for the reason I explained. If you're going to contradict me at least give me a valuable counter argument :/
Enneagram yes, MBTI no.
I don't think it's possible to be an INFP and a type 3.  Fi dom is all about being true to yourself and what you believe in and etc etc while type 3 is about being kind of nobody and defining...
I said EP because you seem to be all about taking information from the external world (Pe). And Ne in particular:  -What I prefer to do includes learning, being alone, reading, discovering new...
You seem like an ISFP to me and I wouldn't say your Se is underdevelopped.  By the way, ISFP =/= artist hobo. ;)
In my opinion you're a very obvious ExxP and probably ENxP.  What do you think about those types?
Voldemort is ENTJ.  Same than Angelic Gardevoir, go Twilight Sparkle.
Twilight Sparkle is NOT INTP.  An INTP would not be as obsessed as Twilight with doing everything by the book. They would most likely not also be obsessed with cleaning everything, making...
People who hate sensors are simply ignorant.
Twilight Sparkle - ISTJ 1w9 Pinkie Pie - ENFP 7w6 Fluttershy - ISFP 9w1 Rainbow Dash - ESTP 3w2 Applejack - ESTJ 8w9 Rarity - ENFJ 4w3  Apple Bloom - ENTP 3 Sweetie Bell - ISFJ Scootaloo -...
Then wouldn't it be /b/ony instead ?
Boosting your ego using personality types = priceless.
I know many people who said that. Don't worry, it's not that uncommon.
That's very, very Si and not Ni.  You don't look like an extrovert at all.  That leaves INxP and ISxJ  You really don't give Ti dominant vibes.  You also don't seem to have the strong...
INFP. This is very much Fi and not Ti at all.
Frooooosty the robot Was a jolly happy soul With a corncob pipe and a button nose And one thousands of pooooosts  Frooooosty the robot Was a great poster they say He had a big black name and...
I'm bored, so:  a nerd if you are smart. Which is uncool. :bored: Se He takes pride on how people see him.  Se/Fe, enneagram 3 What people think of him means a lot to him. Fe He wants designer...
Looks ESTP
We're all dead, we just don't know it. =)
It depends.  As you said, relying based from an outside source of proof is indeed Te. Agreeing because it's how it's always been is Si. Agreeing because it makes sense to you (and not relying on...
This isn't a sensor thing. Yes it could be Si (past experiences), but it could also be Ti(logic).  Making generalizations about it is not function-related.
You're right. I should try reading more than the first sentence in a post next time. =P At least it still answers to the OP.
Si is not memory and is not related to memory. Si acts based on the past. If something was done in the past worked, it will most likely work again. Immature Si users don't like what's new because...
ENTP  Trolololololol I'm awesome cock
Lol what a stupid question.
What do you think about Fi/Te and Fe/Ti ?
Made Pee Eat.  That's quite an achievement.
From what you've said, you could be ENFP. Type 1 on the enneagram.  By the way, you can't conciously use both Ni and Ne. Same goes for Fe and Fi.
0% = 100% sensor 25% = 50% sensor 50% = Borderline 75% = 50% intuitive 100% = 100% intuitive   It usually works this way.
What types do you think you could be and why?
I guess it could depend where and how is the hit.   Type is about information processing, how the hell could it have a relation with pain tolerance?
I used to come to this forum a long time ago. If I don't get banned for multiple accounts, hello.
There's no way this is correlated to type. Males have higher pain tolerance than females, that's it."


1952: 'I want out of this place. I'm just not going to give Serbia another 30 years...
need for speed most wanted. Actually waiting for fallout 4 :D
with 0 motivation and willpower you will never make it. If losing weight means anything to you i don't see the motivation problem. Also make sports and physical labour a part of your daily routine (5...
Just like anyone else... When I think the other person is actually worth it. It is not an age problem.
72525
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuSthfwzjPs
Z by Costa Gavras Z (1969) - IMDb
i feel better turning it off , leaving it in my room and going out. Freedom? Remember?
I don't think there is such thing as the smartest type. Intelligence is individual. And the logical intelligence that is measured on IQ tests is almost worthless in life. I have 142 and i can't...
i smoke a pack a day. thinking about quitting 15 years is enough...71848
Stoned :laughing:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8hxpZbPE04
of course i'm a trader after all ;)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeBjhpw_Ee0
as soon as I get an original... I'm working for peanuts here :crazy:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeBjhpw_Ee0
well you have to understand him. Writing a long email is boring to him. And the obligation to write one will just annoy him even more.
i do the most complicated things right and then fuck up on simple calculation like 5x100=50  For math you need concentration and practice and most entp-s from what i've heard have the attention span...
this http://www.zigsam.at/l0/B_Cig/Winston100s-19fDE198.jpg
not a thing and here's why Ne ba
2 more shots of jack and you'll be good as new :laughing:
title The Good Soldier Svejk author Jaroslav Hasek This is what i like about this book it's hilarious  Hilarious quotes from the novel The Good Soldier vejk    * Jesus Christ was  innocent...
starcraft and warcraft 3. Until i buy an original i'm a casual player :wink: fucking Serbia...
1. Black Sabbath 2. Biohazard 3. Pro-Pain 4. Soundgarden 5. Pink Floyd 6. Leeway 7. Carry on 8. Megadeth 9. Suicidal Tendencies 10. Butthole Surfers
when i first came here i didn't know that the original work i must show now when my mayakovsky is removed  i am sure that we're all doomed people have united against me and this post will set me...
big lebowski (jeff lebowski)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0SlFlcOEjvM
Welcome to the forum lurking entp :happy:
when i was depressed i tested as an intj (entp)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfI3eGXkZH8
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tn5OIo4FuPc  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7S2RRFX2R8Y  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYiahoYfPGk  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFEWdOu2jeU
TWCafe.rs - Tupperware Cafe Srbija  Recepti  Glavna jela  GOVEDINA NA BURGUNDSKI NA?IN
killing free time is a motivation in it's own right, also i agree with gingertonic
sounds like an intj to me
I don't know if this will help but in my case (well actually there were two) I could be really myself which meant saying what i want and feeling what i want (short temper included). So I think you...
i shouldn't mention that to him he will probably connect late princess diana with the whole story :laughing:
I think you are depressed and you're trying to push back certain memories, also i suggest that you change your routine and maybe some day will be worth remembering....
I think it all depends on your own perception. If you think that the marriage will tie you down and you will be missing out on something... Well you will be looking for a way out. Also there is the...
Some guy told me that the queen of england is the biggest coke dealer in the world :crazy:
i prefer living in plato's cave. It would remind me of Serbia :laughing: (darkness +1)
I like intj-s... Well like the way they think. They can be very interesting in their own twisted way :crazy:
It makes me even more open-minded (prone to stupidity). Beer calms me down and rakia... Well... It makes me kinda insane...
yes it would be much more spontaneous
1. avoid some people 2. go for a walk 3. try again to quit smoking 4. play basketball :happy:
man you really made me laugh :laughing: that was not the answer i was expecting...
i'm really not into feelings... But if your 65 year old father is playing video games maybe the more important question is how do you feel about it ?
http://motoburg.com/images/chevrolet-chevelle-ss-454-04.jpg
Fallout New Vegas
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7-EEGiABBU  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKxZY0DIxIk  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwAw9ThDQmk  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPznBud7Sao
i think you're spot on in this case (there are plenty of other ways to spend your free time and entp would think of this)'"


1953: 'Good question: I am not an engineer at my workplace, but I do have a B.S. in Industrial Engineering and a M.S. in Engineering Management. Unfortunately, I could not find engineering work when I first...
1) Age: 25  2) Major ways you've changed: Well, that's a good question... At a young age (K-2nd Grade), I never really considered myself different from other kids. I was smarter, but I still had a...
Hey ESTJs, I need your help! I'm an ENTP working a near-bottom level position at a factory. If that wasn't bad enough, I also have an ESTJ boss who does not like any new ideas/changes I come up with,...
Klawlor, who by this time had assimilated the INTP hive mind, used his scouter to take a swag reading of The Trollmaster.
Like most people here, I never feel guilty for my thoughts or actions. Whenever someone takes something I said or did the wrong way, I might appear sympathetic for their sake (depending on the person...
A lot had happened, but as the days turned to weeks, and the weeks to months, there were still so many questions left unanswered...
...then why do others bind us to the constraints of their hindered vision?   To Clarify: It seems to me, from my experiences, that we are in a world where we cannot speak freely, at least not...
We ENTPs don't have a poetry thread, so I hope you INFJs don't mind me sharing with you:  I am the light that wearily shines, Among the darkness that confines My dreams, my heart, and my very...
Just ate some ribs with a sweet and spicy rub, corn on the cob grilled to a golden brown, and followed it with a nice cigar.
Tennis is fun! I don't know how it relates to ENTPs, but I love chasing the ball and screaming like Maria Sharapova!
Great article! It depicts me perfectly.   My problem is, as more time goes by, I get better at procrastinating and the Panic Monster comes later and later. If only we could be in that Super Mode,...
I guess I'm not the only one in a terrible rut. I just turned 25 last week, but I've moved back home (with the parents) in a small town where everything closes at 10, stay up until the sun rises, and...
I agree with pretty much everything on here! I'm much more extroverted with my ideas and communicating them to people than I am with people themselves, especially if they're engaged in some mundane...
The only two anime on your list that I've watched are Monster and Baccano!, but trust me and watch Baccano!! IIRC it's only 13 episodes, so you could probably watch in a day. It's definitely deep,...
9w8, 7w8, 4w5 sx/sp
Here's a couple of tame ones:  What do you say to a woman with 2 black eyes? Nothing, she's been told twice already!  What is the difference between Batman and a black man? Batman can go into a...
According to ENTP personality | 16 Personality Types, we have lots of comedians. Rodney Dangerfield, Weird Al, Tom Hanks, George Carlin, and even the Joker are all ENTPs. That's an impressive line-up!
I think this video represents us fairly accurately:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjPau5QYtYs
I had to define intelligence and intellect so I could decide which one I value more. Turns out the definitions for each word are not totally agreed upon, but I found this article that I felt...
I think if an alien race showed themselves to us, even a peaceful one, it would cause a panic. People generally fear, and can be violently reactive to, what they don't understand.
Probably this website lol. Other than that, I've been watching Family Ties on Netflix.
When I talked about changing the world, I was thinking in terms of ideology. If you inspire a generation, and they in turn take your ideology and inspire the next generation and so on, then you would...
ILE  Hmm... I'm starting to see a pattern here :tongue:
Well, aside from being on here, I'm also browsing memes on FB, watching Family Ties on Netflix, looking for struts for my car, reading Lao Tzu quotes, and trying to find out how to become an...
Sounds interesting! All 3 of them have some great quotes.
Haha this is one of my favorite quotes and even I can't remember it by heart! Now, if only it could fit in a yearbook :P
I like the Steve Jobs quote and I see where you're coming from, but I looked at the quote (which is by L from Death Note if you were curious), from this viewpoint:   No matter how great your...
Here's a few anime quotes I like that might work for a yearbook quote:   Admiration is the furthest thing from understanding.  The future is not a straight line. There are many different...
From what I can tell, there's no attempt to provocate in this thread. I'd speculate that the OP was merely curious of how his fellow ENTPs rank their interactions with different MBTI types, which is...
It was there on the Cats set that Klawlor met Cindi, makeup artist and future love of his life, and the story really begins.
I'm glad you liked it!   Personally, I don't think the prune line matched the eloquent flow of the poem up until that point (At least the way I'm reading it), but you're the poet :)
I crave structure and respect authority, so please give me something monotonous to do.
I just had the best cheeseburger in the world! It was pan-fried in the fat grease of a $50 steak and served Rare on a garlic bread bun!
Yeah, that grin has certainly gotten me into trouble in the past.
I agree wholeheartedly, but art requires sacrifice :P
I'm still new here, but I like you guys, so I'll share a couple of selfies.  9134191340
FL may be in the south, but we don't do that here. Sisters are not cousins!
I'd rather eat an apple than fast food, even if it's battered and fried!
Emptiness: Haha that sounds like the best piece of advice so far.  azdahak: Isaac should be the official ENTP mascot! Seeing a clip of him was the reason I watched Baccano.  After reading...
Choice: Thanks for the extensive answer! I can see myself exhibiting some of this behavior. You've given me a few things to work on.  azdahak: First off, I'm loving your Isaac pic! Going back on...
I am an ENTP: Very fiscally conservative, socially... I'm not sure? . I can't be a Voluntaryist, because I believe the government does have its roles to play, though I do think it's severely...
My E/I is the only letter that's borderline and I have a very strong Ti, so I could totally see myself being a loud INTP.
My sister and I have never gotten along very well, but I assumed that it was because she was a teenager and it was just an age thing. However, through the years it's only gotten worse (I'm about to...
I don't know why everyone pegs Obama to be intuitive; He just doesn't strike me as a big picture, new possibilities, kind of guy. I could see how he fits the ENFJ personality, but I still think he's...
In the midst of all this, Klawlor, taking on the name Kwalor for some reason by the dark elves he seeks to restore humanity to, ironically has begun to lose sight of his own humanity as the simple...
Thanks! I've seen some great conversations already!
Haha well, reason #2 settles it: You are a fellow ENTP!  I used to wonder if I was an INTP, since I prefer to have a few close friends over many acquaintances, I usually hang out in small groups,...
Hello Holly! I'm new too; I just joined yesterday. I'm also an ENTP on the edge of E/I, so I understand your frustration of trying to pick which xNTP to classify yourself as. So far, I've found this...
I hate Obama, so there might be some bias in my diagnosis, but I think he's an ESFJ.
1) Yes, I almost always wake up and remember a dream, though most are so dull that I forget them later in the day.  2) It depends. Sometimes I leave the TV on and I dream about whatever they're...'"


1964: 'Ah. That all seems a bit vague to be honest; all of those things could mean anything, unrelated to specific functions. His Thinking is detached from himself, it's about external frameworks, facts,...
Here's a good thread on his type: Richard Dawkins  Is it just me who thinks it's rather obvious?
He's external framework mad... why do you think Ti?
Deja vu is generally when a new memory is created of the event you're currently still experiencing, and it slips into the long-term instead of short-term compartments, so it feels like it happened a...
Te, yes.
People point out typos and grammatical errors when they have nothing better to contribute. It means they can't find a more substantial hole in what you've said, but they still need to feel good about...
When you can't form a coherent logical thought and then you cry about it.  :wink:
That's called normal child development. It's not down to Se. Children seek experiences to gather data on the world to form a map for navigating through life.
Go to the doctor if it's overly abnormal. You could be undergoing a long developmental stage right now. Or you might just be extremely fickle, but who knows. Re: the title, people aren't that simple...
Well, he's certainly not NT... :wink:  Why is it so negative? Doesn't he have any good points? Can't type him based on this, it's basically just a list of behaviors common to the disorders listed...
Fun... is not the word.
We really are scraping the bottom of the barrel for MBTI-randomshit correlations, aren't we?
It's a well-known fact that both autism and the ENTP type have an above-average correlation with enjoying My Little Pony and Magic the Gathering conventions.
Owls are ironically rather unintelligent (even for a bird)! The wise cliche is a myth.
Enfp.
Good, it's mostly nonsense anyway. You don't learn how your mind actually works through it.
That's probably a sign that you are neither N or S dom. One would be favoured the highest, and the other suppressed completely, making it obvious how you're orientated. Yet you clearly prefer F over...
Wow, it's like you deliberately gave answers according to the Thinker stereotype. How unbiased a picture of yourself does that description give?
I find it sexually arousing.
How about MBTI and potato chip flavor preference? Or perhaps MBTI and favorite cloud formation?
Lol, it's so petty and melodramatic when people get bothered about being discriminated against over a typology theory.
A six-armed dragon from a while ago that I could never be arsed to finish. Don't complete a lot of drawings these days, usually I say etc and leave it.  http://i59.tinypic.com/k4z9qr.jpg
Absolutely. In fact, I have a well-known habit of saying things like ... uh, never mind... or actually, it doesn't matter straight after asking a question if I see that the person won't react...
I'm a little confused about what it actually entails, especially in Sx dominance. Because I read about it, and sometimes it says Sx is about needing one on one relationships or that special...
.
I do pixel art when I'm bored... here's some Pokemon fan art:   Diancie sprite  http://fc05.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2014/048/2/d/diancie_sprite_by_elitegengar-d76wkvf.png  Mega Alakazam is...
It's easy to blame all your problems on a stereotype. Then you don't have to think - just get straight to the moaning and self-pity.
I am a social introvert, so I'm attracted similarly introverted people anyway. Social extroverts seem to have a habit of finding the introverts awkward, boring, and stuck-up, mistakenly of course....
If something requires creativity of some sort, or is intellectually stimulating, then yes I can concentrate for a while. But I much prefer multitasking to keep the interest on all the activities up....
I'm interested in how the thought processes of dominant Ne or Ni would present itself in an individuals visual art. In what ways does Ne art differ from that of Ni? If possible, it would be nice to...
Probably ENTP.    I do that a lot too, I think it's actually Ne.
Other people can help to type you because they don't see every part of you, like you do. An individual may see all the little details and parts of themselves so that they just don't know which of the...
I related to a lot of this. Probably an ENFP, yeah.
When you think up many brilliant plans and projects that you are going to accomplish in the future, and you get all excited about the idea of them, but when it comes down to actually doing them, you...
Definitely ISxJ's. They are the types most likely to live a stable life without frequent change that could be detrimental to their health. As long as they hadn't picked up any long-term bad habits,...
Hmm, I'm still not convinced because I don't think I use Ti enough to be the primary function.
Swordsman of Mana - Thanks for adding the E-types. :happy:    Jessie gives more of a Te vibe to me. Plus she is usually the one who comes up with the plans and without her the other two would...
INTx:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1XD1MSES_8  INFP:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rj-4t9drUlM
No-one? It's okay even if it's just a quick estimate, I just want an idea of what other people think. :happy:  As a starting point, I think NT is probably me my temperament. I think ENTP and INTJ...
Because I want to convey ideas and information in an abstract, subjective way, free from the prison that is my mind. Usually it isn't about feelings for me though.
1. You discover your wonderful one-year-old child is, because of a mix up at the hospital, not yours. Would you want to exchange the child to try to correct the mistake? No, it wouldn't matter...
I started re-watching it just for the sake of it, and because it's awesome. I didn't see a thread and it would be interesting to know their types. Here's a few guesses:  Ash - ENFJ Misty - ESFJ...
You've just eaten a yogurt or similar food and are about to throw it away, and proceed to do so by chucking your spoon in the bin, and leaving the pot on the side. Happened to me just today!   You...
Hi everyone! I thought Id better collect outside opinions on what my type might be, because it has come to the point where Ive analyzed so much that there are too many details for me to recognise...
Whichever the most common types are, simply because there are more of them. The mainstream is going to be built around them. If we go by online statistics (probably quite unreliable, but this isn't...
Certainly an IxTP. It's difficult to decide which way it should go, but I'm going to say ISTP. I think many of the funny little insights that pop up sometimes come from tertiary-Ni, because while...
Hello and welcome to my thread, you must be new here. :wink: (See what I did there...)  Hi, I enjoy music, writing fiction and reading various physics-related books. For about a year and a half now...
Absolutely none of those are exclusive to Introverts. An extrovert could also have all of these traits. I agree that he is in fact an introvert though. Also, you can't type people merely on outward...
Hi, new INTJ coming through. (Not another!)  I came about MBTI and Jung around a year ago. As someone with an interest in psychology in human behavior in general, it was only natural that I would...
90s Britpop music has always been one of my favourite eras. Help me type these 3 musicians, I have provided videos too.    Noel Gallagher (Oasis, High Flying Birds)  ...'"


1968: 'Yes.  We ENTPs tend to want to be honest and direct about how we think and feel at all times no matter the circumstances.  ISTJs do not tend to like to expose their tender feelings overtly even to...
I would advise you to seek answers in the INTJ area.  INTJs that I have been around do not like it when someone finds out their secret, or to be considered to be in the wrong in any way and will get...
I'm confused.  Is this guy an INTJ or ISTJ?     For an INTJ, if his moral grounding allows for him to have an affair while his is officially with another and headed for marriage, then kick him to...
fresh, yes I was referring to the situation that   KeyLime described in her brief posts about how she viewed her ex as perhaps not even having the level necessary to connect with her emotionally. ...
Have you looked into the love languages?  There's a love language we express and there's a one that we are receptive to.  I think this helps put context around 'feelings' especially the feeling of...
After reading this I can now see why NTs come off as intellectually condescending to most other types.  Well here's an example of NF emotional condescension.  As though no-one can feel as deeply as...
Are you trying to date your ISTJ friend directly or indirectly through someone else's opinion?  Just because he's known your ISTJ for 22 years, doesn't necessarily means he knows the guy's intimate...
You are convenient and accommodating.  He still has 'something' going on with his ex since he is protecting that relationship by making it private and not openly talking to you about it.  For an ISTJ...
I think it's ISFJ, ENTP, INFP and INTP ISFJ because she's reaching out and touching you probably to make sure your belly doesn't show. ENTP because that's how we roll. INFP because who else would...
Oh good lord, this is going to be another mindf*** having a 'chat'.  Don't you realize yet that's what makes INFJs like crack to us.  It's all mental.  Then when things turn physical that's when it's...
Strange, I would have thought like the ISTJ forum, that at least one ISFJ would respond to if anything to correct any misperceptions of ISFJs that I may have in the above theory.  Clearly ya'll find...
I have recently been so extremely stressed out at work that my shadow self has come out and played centerfield without me really noticing.  I find myself caring about how well others perform their...
Hmm, you got me thinking about when I am stressed out.  Right now I would say that I'm in a stressed state at work.  I feel a weight of responsibility resting on my shoulders because I have the most...
Quoted for truth.  I would think this happens to many ENTPs because when an idea hits it usually comes right out at that moment.
Are you sure these are ENTPs?  While there can be a 'devil may care' attitude in younger (and some older) ENTPs, the ENTPs I know IRL do not 'degrade' people.  They can appear cocky and overly...
How certain are you that these are all ENTPs and not also ENFPs?
What is it that got under your skin about these interactions?    What is it now about mature ENTPs that you find works well (I'm assuming in a professional working capacity)?
I find it interesting that there appears to be a common theme of needing time to one's self, not being codependent and enjoying a debate, or at least someone who holds independent opinions and...
ENTJs use Te.  Do you mean ENTP?
I agree that the man is using you.  But he does not appear to be leading you on based on what you have written.  You can dice it any way you want to but he is a confused, and in need of some physical...
You kissed him back, I'm assuming.  Otherwise, it would have been He tried to kiss me and I slapped him... or some such thing.  He asked physically and you gave.  You offered a return on of his...
If an ISTJ that you have dated, hooked up with, or had a more than friends but not committed relationship with, asks you to lunch, contacts you without you initiating, or keeps you around while...
If you have a 'disappearing' ISTJ issue, this means he hasn't made a decision.  If you can just be a friend and not want more, then you're golden.  Otherwise, you're in for a bumpy ride that leads to...
The Grinch
I have an ISTJ friend who is like crack to ESFJs.  He lands them by being sexually forward with them in a flirty way.  He also doesn't compliment them much, but not in a mean way more jokingly,...
Many years ago I came up with a 'f@ck and suck' private booth that could auto-sterilize itself after a use.  It was much like those self cleaning bathrooms in Paris and Japan.  I was thinking it...
I completely relate to this.  My ISTJ friend always knows when I'm just PMSing.  We got into some really large arguments in the past and he noticed a trend in the timing of them. It's around the...
[QUOTE=NeedsNewNameNow;1888560]An Se primary with his total lack of fashion sense?  You don't have to have good fashion sense to be an Se dom.
Sheldon - ISTJ, with a heavy dose of intuition.  He uses Te to prove his theories sure, but he has the memory of an elephant and he explains why he thinks as he does LINEARLY and will repeat it if he...
I have an ISTJ enigma in my life, which brought me to this forum in the first place to understand his personality type better.  I've stayed because I find the content in the ISTJs forums to be...
You may be only asking for ISTJ input, but from everything I have read  from your postings, ISTJ is what you SO is.  P does not fit.
Awwww!   That's so sweet!
pinkrasputin   Are you sure you are not just projecting and feeling guilty for not spending more time with him by prioritizing running over him?  I doubt as an ISTJ it has even crossed his mind that...
You have so much to offer someone in a genuine exchange of love and companionship.  Don't let some abusive harpy get in the way of your real heart. Mistakes help us grow and build stronger...
You do what is best for you.  What are you trying to prove?  That you can be a doormat of love?  That is not love.  That is obsession.
I would have to disagree.  They are very good at focusing on having a relationship when they want to and have the time to.  And it is far from boring.  Maybe the one you know needs to study rather...
^^^^ Ditto
What kind if issues do you struggle with the most?  Is it a build of things from trends that you see?  If you don't mind sharing, how did you guys meet, fall in love and decide to get married?
Sounds to me like you are at a transition point.  You would like to align your heart and your head.  Your heart tells you how special he is, but your head tells you to not do anything because it may...
The treasure in knowing an ISTJ is in taking the time to listen and get to know them on the inside.  Once you are 'in' you will be pleasantly surprised by how adventurous they can be as long as they...
I've also noticed this trend.  I considered it more of an self-centered vs self-aware issue.    The ENTPs that I know IRL fall into these two distinctions just as you observed.  I find the one's...
Yes this has happened to me though I am not an ISTJ.  The way I got around it was to realize that what is more important to me in my ideal man is that I am his ideal woman.  If the love and affection...
I find it odd that an INTP and ISTJ would be fighting and calling each other names.  Why were you fighting to begin with? If it was a falling out of sorts, then ask him to talk to you alone for a...
I'm not one for empty gestures.  However, I get all gooey when someone sincerely sends me romantic messages, poems or songs.  As long as it's genuine I'm all for it.  The problem is that many guys...
Quoted for truth.  This sums up my issues with SJs in a nutshell.
General advice not related to type:  Don't be too dependent on him to make your way in this new state.  I hope you have a means for making money and such.  Love can only take you so far, emotions can...
Quite.  10 chars.
You should the book 'Outliers'.
This works.  It is very helpful to have this type of agreement with an ISTJ.  Saying something like 'I am very angry with you right now, and/or I feel hurt by your actions, and I will need time to...
No, the friendship became forfeit when you fell in love and became attracted to her and allowed yourself to openly pursue it.  This is true in straight as well as gay relationships.  You can't be...'"


1980: Just to make things clear, my ex was 100% an INFJ.  She tested that way from MBTI and Kersey and pretty much matched the book description.  My best friend is an INFP and I work with several.  I have...
Thanks everyone for posting.  This person does seem a little different, but as any of you who have been badly hurt in life know things that remind you of painful experiences can bring out a knee jerk...
It's been a while since I've been on PerC but life has driven me back here. I'm hoping some of you INFJs can give me some help. I was married for 12 miserable years to an INFJ. She was very...
I type him as a INFP.  I have a INFP friend who is pretty much Po in human form.
Any Suggestions?  Looking to edit youtube vids.
Ok, so as an ENTP I'm very prone to over thinking things.  I'm very proud of my small sliver of Iroquois ancestry (1/64th) and think it's shameful how most of America has just moved on without...
I've found both ESTPs and ISTPs great people to do things with.  They're fun, spontainious and will take just about any date.  I've never dated either type though and I'm sure that could complicate...
Have you ever meditated?  Settling yourself and breathing deeply helps with the stress.   Until your world moves on you are going to have a lot of stress.  You can't escape it, but you can deal with...
I don't know your dad or the back story.  He may be really frustrated.  I'd say just be honest with him and tell him that before he can expect to have influence over your life he just needs to be...
I have more thanks than posts, thank you.  How does that feel?  Fealing isn't rational, but it is judging.  It may use input but there's no method behind the method.
Just google the ennegram.
No idea, but it's worth a try.  Whatcha doing next weekend?
Spa gift certs.
Yup, we always have a comeback.  That's why she needs to understand you too.
Your friend is probably an ENTP or an ENTJ.  I'd bet an ENTP.  Get her into MBTI, that will give you a chance to explain who you are as an ENFP.  NTs, especially young ones, have to think their way...
in 10 years your major probably won't even matter, let alone your GPA.  It does give you a good headstart, but it's not everything.
You cannot think your way through feelings.  You have to feel your way through them.  Turn you massive brain off and go with how you feel.  It's hard and awkward but very doable.  Drinking taught me...
I was home schooled as well, but I don't really have any regrets about that.  I started taking college classes when I was 14 but never graduated with a degree.  I do regret not finishing my degree. ...
ESTPs and ISTPs are both good people to do things with.  They're a lot of fun.  Just don't expect them to want to hear about how you're redoing one of Einstein's theories.
Welcome to the party!  No jam here.  But people do occasionaly take jello shots.
Yup, this is always a good idea.  You may even want to report it to the police.  I'm shocked everyone is taking it so lightly in your school relevent to recent events.  Odds are good nothing with...
Just watch this  http://youtu.be/LjbvnlSXrpk
Water, sleep and exercise.  I don't know anything about Candida, but probiotics help a lot of stomach problems.  Make sure you sleep 8+ hours a night.  Our bodies can fight a lot of problems, but...
If you want a job at a major corporation get a 4 year degree in something usefull.  Doesn't really matter what as long as it isn't Pre-Revolution Pottery Techiniques of Reformist in West Virginia or...
Try poking around google+
To go to bed, wish granted.  I love myself.
What, to be an EP I have to want to get things done on days I have nothing scheduled????  I tend to be overly focused but trust me I know how to waste a day off.
Most of us drop out of college long before then.  It would really depend on the financial impact of the decision.
I don't know you, so I'm shooting in the dark here.  But it may be a good idea to realize people can be your friend without becoming emotionally close to you.  You need both types of friends.  Take...
If I had to bet - ENFP.  Have you tried a kiersey based test?  I personally think they are the most accurate.
ENFPs always bring the party.  We never have enough of them.  Welcome to the Cafe!
You probably should post this in the INFP forum.  You'll probably hear a lot of similar stories there.  You need to find a good friend to reinforce you.  One of my best friends is an INFP and we...
You're probably in a very negative enviroment at the moment.  That kills the motivation of every INFP I know.  Find a place for positive reinforcement then plod on to victory in the other areas of...
Join the chess club.  No, I'm serious.   I have several INTP friends and they do well in situations around other NTs.  Find a chess club, debate club, local dungeon and dragons club.  Anyplace you're...
I was married to an INFJ for 12 years.  The thing I learned is she very muched needed someone to be emotionally close too.  You need to find that person in your life.  Don't try and ENTP, we don't...
I had an extremely bad experience with an INFJ (Ex-wife) and although I find them very hot will never touch one again.  You want nice emotional order in the world and I'm a bringer of chaos.  Bad...
We can never be strong enough to save our loved ones.  From what you've said you weren't a coward, you wanted to be there for him.  I hadn't thought about it in a while but I felt the same way when...
It doesn't matter.  Really, it doesn't.  Over the next 10 years your life will be in flux a lot and things will keep changing.   Do what you want, where you want right now.  Follow your dreams. ...
I lost my father when I was 21.  It will be 12 years ago on January 1st.   While the intense grief won't be there forever, the hole in your heart will.  No one can every be another father to you. ...
Thanks guys.  I should mention my mom lives 15 minutes from me and I see her 2-3 times a week.  I do want to spend time with her.  It is just that I'm on edge around her because of this.
It may be hard for you to follow a traditional law path and be satisfied.  The key is to know why you like something and what you truely like doing.   If you can find a way to fulfill who you want to...
I'm having some issues with my mother.  I'm in my 30s and she is in her 60s.  I'm nearly done with a divorce and she has terminal cancer.  My father passed away about 12 years ago.  She is an ENTJ if...
Something very different that the last date.
ENTPs are interested in systems.  People are systems too.
I learned this technique from a micro-managing ENTJ that it took 3-4 years to get out of my business.  Always stay focused on productivity.  Tell that manager how much you hate it when people make...
It's cuz we're soo much smarter.  Ne first rocks the world.  They spend days, weeks, even years trying to figure something out and we Ne it in 30 seconds.  Just because we don't write down the steps...
The funny thing is that Kiersy wrote about how Idealists (NFs) hate lables and things that divide people, so in hating lables you're living up to your own!  Now there are type haters, even here. ...
And you're an INFJ at the moment....
She does seem to rant like an ENTP, but she uses more sensor type wording so ESTP is possible too.  She is funny either way.
Than go find another ENTP!  I have very developed Ti, so I can understand.  I use it in all my personal decisions and I tend to fixate romantically more than most ENTPs, but probably not as much as..."


1989: 'I only yell and throw fits in stores.  I haven't said exactly what she said before, or in that exact tone, but if I did, it would be at the grocery store.  In all seriousness, I figured it was more...
I thought the experiences were so weird.  Now I know it's totally normal since I am actually a robot!
Are thinkers afraid of intimacy?  No.  However, we worry we can't deliver on the hopes and dreams of the other party if that other party has strong feelings for us that we don't feel we can match. ...
I'm not a tomboy or one of the guys, though I enjoy being around the guys.  I would actually appear quite feminine.  I wear my hair long and wavy/curly, and dresses or skirts most of the time.  The...
I wouldn't personally know, but the alcohol is not necessarily required.  Proximity does help though.
I would be more of a 7 myself.  ...how do you crack a woman open?  Sounds painful.
you know,...,ENTP's play around in so many parts of their brains, it is not surprising they open more doors into rooms brains shouldn't leave unlocked.  For instance, when I was young, I started...
I reckon your 8w7 might be showing with that remark!
Damn straight!  Finally, someone around here is making some sense.
Well, look at it this way:  at least you know the extent of the damage.  That's the worst they can come up with to dis you?  It's kind of pathetic, gotta feel sorry for them.  But, you now get to...
Somewhere messy with lots of problems to fix.   Director of Chaos Regularly puts out fires Listens to people of other departments complain and confess things Invited to sit on the boss's cabinet...
My suspicion is that many ENTP's don't develop their Ti enough.  It's like having a powerful stallion (Ne), but you can't use it for anything unless you can get the reins on it and a saddle.  It's...
Yes, they can become like poison.  like selling your soul to the devil.  They need to have 12 step programs for the healing process.  Well, here's to the long road of recovery!!  Lifts glass.
That is why I am a sucker for quality subliminal messages and other romantic tricks tactics!  Because then that person is more likely to shake up in my magic 8 ball brain.  Then they are on my mind...
Not overtly nawty -- only in my double life.  What is it like as a female ENTP?  It's fine, umm, I can't complain.  There are some things in life to navigate.  For instance, I have what is closer to...
If you wind up coming out of this with another ENTP, haven't you failed the mission?
Well, this is my first time doing this.  I didn't even know what to do -- had to check some sources. ;-)
- I really like them.  love talking about theories with them because they are happy to share them.  they have ideas and things going on.  not everyone does, so it is nice to find people that do!
I don't know, that's weird.  I looked through a few pages of responses and didn't see any.  Must be in high demand!
She might be putting on a hard outer shell to disguise she is not fine being single.  Maybe men don't approach her often.  I would encourage getting to know her.  Ask a few hypothetical questions,...
I didn't think I wanted to get married.  I just imagined out my life without that.  One day is just occurred to me out of the blue that being married could be a possibility, and I probably wouldn't...
Here is what we know:  he does not try to sweep you off your feet, try to impress you, make sure you don't get away, etc.  Until he expresses obvious feelings of affection, you won't really know. ...
You should check out the rori raye blog and get a feel for her advice in similar situations
I am not a supporter, nor am I completely against.  I did not vote for him or her.  I had no dog in the fight and did not like any candidate in the primaries (none were worthy of the highest office)....
I used to remember having dreams about once a week.  Now it is every night, often throughout the night.  The difference is that I have been taking ubiquinol daily which can increase dreaming.
It's OK to remain in a more balanced position between N and S.  The test try to root out what your preference is, that is all.  We all have both N and S.  Wouldn't it be nice to expand your use of...
Forgive me for not knowing what field you are in.  It does seem to me that it will become increasingly important as you advance in your profession to gain love and respect from people you would like...
If you take the functional stack of each type you think you might be, write them down.  Then go to this website to help see what is most like you.  The order each function falls for each type...
Flirt!!!!  That is the way.  They will love the lively give and take.  Will love to get teased by you.  Leave them with a possibility.  Leave them with a riddle.  Have fun with them on a mental...
Agreed!  Or are not motivated to carry out the plan.
You can always google:  ax site:personalitycafe.com
The good news is that both Ne and Ni are wonderful to have an dominant traits!  Do you care more about possibilities or do you care more about how two things might be related?
I have been both pro-life and pro-choice, all while believe abortion was not desirable and wanting it to stop.    With better medical advances, the point at which a baby can live outside its mother...
It can be freeing.  Leaves you not many options.  I have at times fantasized about being homeless and how I would live.  It can be an opportunity to show grace to the rich.    A hungry belly is...
I don't know types well enough when it comes to this:  A man that can convince me everything really will be OK Strong enough not to be swayed by my flitting from idea to idea Sensitive and...
I got a 10.
You've done no wrong.  You gave them good advice from a caring heart.  Just they are still in the throes of what ails them and they can't appreciate it right now.  BUT...maybe somewhere inside your...
Beer!  And men!  They're kind of strange, but I still like them!  Ummm...yeah, I also love researching a new idea.  So blessed to live in the age of internet, though sometimes it's too easy.
I don't know, but it's good.  And when I drink, it's even better!!!!
Hopefully by now, you have already figured out what you are going to do .  Otherwise, it could play out as:  Day 1:  a small smile and nod Day 2:  say Hi quietly and smile.   Day 3:  continue a...
Sounds like he is inconsiderate and rude.  Not just NT's but anyone can say things.  They have a right to say them. But that doesn't mean there won't be consequences.  For this NT, the consequence...
some ways to get into the ne mindset: practice brainstorming practice thinking of opposite ideas consider possible solutions that seem unrelated to the problem at hand listen to people who come...
I have trouble committing too.  For example, I resist watching a new TV show, going to movies, or reading books.  They are too long.  Books especially. I like reading shorter articles.  However,...
When you find yourself telling strangers/fresh acquaintances about incriminating or embarrassing facts about yourself.
Drama or theatre arts.  Need to understand plots and characters.
Business!!!!  Do it!!!!  You can actually get a real job when you graduate in many, many, many fields.  It can lead to all sorts of possible jobs.  It uses all sorts of skill sets.  It is a great...
My ISFP man is like you in this area too.  He believes there are certain character traits for himself to measure up to be a man.  Such as being protective and being considerate of my needs.  He does...
I think I married an ISFP  What I like: Smart in ways that I am not (highly verbal, a writer, a poet) Enjoy long conversations about lots of things He does not judge me He really respects my...
There are three ESTJ's I have worked with.  I liked them all.  Two of them I knew when they were age 35+.  These two bring/brought out the funny side of me.  I was compelled to tell them lots of...
Just curious if you wouldn't mind describing your dream girl?  ...or what a hypothetical estj male would want in a dream girl?  What type of girl might catch your eye?  What might a girl do, say, or...'"


1993: 'Always!
I have no memory. Legit.
Not really. I'm usually too busy taking things in. But if I'm in the right mood and around the right people and we're talking about something interesting, I can be extremely talkative.
Easiest to befriend for me have always been 6s and 9s. I connect well with 4s and 5s, but 9s have a general easygoing and relaxed nature about them that I find very attractive.
I was bullied by this tall boy in 1st grade. My dad taught me how to hit. I waited and then punched him in the stomach the second he opened his mouth. He cried and it was glorious.  Thing is, I...
Probably. I'm a lesbian, though, so my sexual interest in such man did not exist. My best friend growing up was an INFJ, but I never felt anything past platonic friendship for her.   As far as...
Don't be jelly.
Yes, although I always have 83738994 possibilities in mind depending on various factors, so being right is satisfying, but if I'm ever caught off guard I get ridiculously turned on.
when legit nothing offends you  99% of what you do can be explained by I wanted to see what would happen  your iPhone can autocorrect any response to LOL
I'll pick their brain. For hours. It's fucking sexy I stg.
ENTP, English. I started out in Voice Performance, but I was too lazy.
BlueChristmas06 - Thank you, bb! You're a sweetheart.
I had bestfriend in the summer of 2006, but a round of antibiotics knocked it out.   (I have friends who are closer to me, but it's been a while since I've used the term best.)
Sure, why not?
That seems reasonable. I don't want to bring a child into the world because my family's genes are terrible (a lot of mental illness), so the possibility of that happening outweighs the potential...
3w4 - 6w5 - 8w9 sp/so
Your type is unknown to me, so yes, fits perfectly.  i see that enfp down dere
http://cdn2.gurl.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/howyoudoin.gif
I'm more familiar with enneagram than MBTI, but that all sounds more like cp 6 than 4. I'd say cp 6w5 or 6w7, hard to tell the wing from the information given.
Welcome to PerC!  I would also encourage you to fill out the survey. It gives others more information and you will get additional feedback on your typing. Don't reply to that thread with your...
Welcome to PerC!   Take a look around and make yourself at home. The INFP forum is a quite friendly place.
Welcome to PerC!   Please do not hesitate to ask any questions. It might seem overwhelming at first, but the best thing is just to jump in.
Congrats on 5,000!
Like the others said, I think it's possible to use functions that are inferior, or even those that aren't in your stacking.
Offline: INTP, ESFP, INTJ, ISTJ Online: ENFP, ESFP, all of the above.
https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2013-12/enhanced/webdr02/11/15/anigif_enhanced-buzz-28431-1386792324-7.gif
I don't pretend to be detached.   Sometimes I have to pretend to care when people tell me their problems. If I'm close with someone, I don't have to pretend to be anything. I just care.   ...
Ghostbusters
If I can read someone too easily, I tend to get bored. I'm married to an ISTJ and she still manages to mystify me, which keeps things from getting stale. Not saying it's like that in your...
It doesn't literally change your type to ask him to emote more. This is situational and you can't compare it to what you've known in the past; that doesn't make sense, because this is a new person...
I'm married to an STJ and she worries about everything under the sun. I worry about nothing. It's good, in a way, because I help calm her down and have a realistic perspective about what is and isn't...
I really don't get the ew feelings thing that NTs always portray.   You want him to emote more. That is a feeling. Tell him so.   No. I wouldn't accuse him of something. You don't really know for...
I have an INTP best friend and we are like this.   I can say that I do suppress emotions, because I don't like being influenced by them, and I don't trust them, so I don't know how you can get him...
Someone becomes attractive to me if we have good conversation, especially if they make me laugh. This is integral.
Any type, if healthy, can make good friends. It also depends on your own type. I tend to be good friends with 6s and 9s. I'm not sure why. Other 4s are overwhelming to me; I have my own shit going...
http://i.imgur.com/ZCDOzpr.gif
I identify with some elements of Fi, although I've recently realized just how similar Fi and Ti are, and I've reconsidered my affiliation with Fi as actually being more in line with Ti.   I'm also...
I chose my avatar because it fit my username. I chose my username because an old friend always said I looked like a porcelain doll.
Ariel + Oscar Wilde. You win.
Your quest will not be an easy one, but I look forward to the public effort.  https://media.giphy.com/media/7aEZIA33X06Va/giphy.gif
Woot! Congrats.
I need someone who challenges me. It's enticing to meet someone you don't immediately understand, or who presents an idea you haven't thought of. When I crush on someone, I isolate them and then talk...
I'm female, ENTP.   I've dated a female, INTJ. The mental connection was very intense. She was extremely intelligent, but had a difficult time reading people. When she tried to manipulate...
There are some stories I read that I don't want to end. Usually the ending makes sense and is satisfying, even if it ends badly.
Another good example. Short stories are impressive to me, because the author has limited time to create a well-constructed story that makes sense and somehow impacts the reader.
Welcome to PerC!   Take a look around and don't be hesitant to jump in.
Welcome to PerC!  You will definitely find like-minded people here.
Welcome to PerC! Retro shows are the best. I have all the Are You Afraid of the Dark on DVD. I love it.
Welcome to PerC! I hope you enjoy the forum. We have some interesting discussions around here.
I fucking love this story. Ten points.  Fitzgerald and Hemingway write very well constructed short stories. Hills Like White Elephants, Bernice Bobs Her Hair, and so on.'"


2002: 'I wouldn't put it past the silcon valley guys to do this
^Ya, I edited my post while you were writing this, not sure if you saw it, but I'd handle it in a similar fashion as you are now. Sorry about your friend.
What do you care about what your friend does? All you can do is offer him advice, if he takes it, he takes it. If he doesn't want to listen, he won't. Sounds like you have a crush on your friend and...
It seems like their experiences in the deprivation chamber, made them slightly more normal and respectable. XD When I say slightly I mean slightly. :/
(s)elohttuB fo maertS drusbA ehT  ?yppaH
I will just say Ne for the brain.   That is all. :)   Kidding. I suspect everyone will pick their main function for brain, but apparently one intj picked belly button for his main function and...
Although I am aware that this is spam world, let me ask you how the *#$% is this an idea, hm?  XD  Although, I'm not quite sure who the boss quite is, but I suspect Tony.
I will attempt to take a picture of all of you through the screen! ...
This thread is sexist and I'm glad it was only deserving of a one star rating!  And that's how you get brownie points with women. Did it work? No? Awesome!
Ha, I know this post wasn't intended to be funny, I had a nice laugh at it, no offense to the OP. I do sense a tad bit of jealousy. :)  I really don't find istp all that great strategist, no...
Drugs and alcohol are bad for you. :/ :)  Not that I'm so much of a fan telling you this, but some people have dealers or of course you can share the wealth so to speak with friends. As far as fake...
That frog is hypnotic. XD 20 years old, you are still so young. Some people don't even consider you an adult until you reach 21, for alcohol wise. You have your whole life ahead of you!
Longevity wise, I always thought infjs, infps would live longest. I have nothing to prove this though. :)
Do you have any stories? Will not share until I find who US is............
What is this? Oh, one of those weird cult type threads that gets everyone acting like an idiot. Well, I got news for you wellsy, your drawings f*cking suck! And I didn't even have one of those cheap...
I believe that Dalek_exterminate, wants to exterminate princess Jasimine. My reasoning for this is because she has a cartoon image, framing her smoking. As we've seen the movie, princess Jasimine...
They are so nice. <3
I think this thread should be banned. And then banned again. And then banned for a third time...... And after that ban it five more times.
Haha, I knew it! I was actually going to comment on this before I was done reading this thread, you definitely sound more ENTJ to me. Especially your username that has entj written on it, ha!
Ya, its really the opposite letters that don't get a long so well, or there is the biggest misunderstanding.   A lot of isfjs play by the establish rules. ENTPs love arguing for sport, however many...
Not sure, I don't really get ESTJs pysche all that much either. Guess I am blessed with an istp brother ha! Did you just recently get into this mbti thing, it could definitely help with communicating...
Well the Ni Ne is makes a good combination for love and friendship! Ha, I think both types naturally like each other, I would say finding one and just saying hi. An entp will find a way to include...
Well, I respect your honesty, and good willed nature. And I believe with you guys here, I can call you a breathe of fresh air reading your posts. They are enjoyable and thank you!  I don't know how...
Donate it to the OP of this thread, I'm looking at you Sangoire. :)
Kill the lilblackcat! Kidding, kidding, I kid. I don't want anyone to kill me either, not sure if anyone does. Not caring about if your loved one kills you though eh? I don't see that line of logic,...
I was just going to say congratulations but I suppose this comment will do as well. :tongue:
I second this comment.............. whoever said it was funny, didn't laugh. Sorry, I just don't find anything funny about acting like a retard and wanting to fuck 24/7
TV why? Its pure crap. I don't care much about whatever the hell Gordon Ramsey does, or Nicki Minaj, or whoever the fuck 'they' want you to like.......... it makes no sense to me I don't know these...
@Bluity Quit spamming the spam board! Oh wait... XD  We can still edit our post though right?  [Edit 1] I despise I can't post another post.   [Edit 2] I certainly despise this  [Edit 3] You...
Well, essentially, I approached you first in this thread, and a lot of people in these threads have approached you in these threads? To be approached, you have to be willing to approach others. :) ...
I doubt it, you are still very young. But the question is, what's holding you back really? You don't have to be shy, I like a lot of shy people anyway, and you seem like a good person. Education is...
I'm pretty sure milenials don't remember Tupac Shakur, (or even fresh prince how?) but thug life ftw.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=128ao5Xl_VY  RIP pac.  Also, lol at 3:12.
I've read a few in the past, but this thread serves as a reminder it might be too bothersome to a person. If I knew the person didn't care I might tho. Still the conversations are none of my business...
Mating ritual? :shocked: What happened to getting to know the person, going on dates, and holding hands!  (:  My courting gesture would be a bible club founded by a true christian.
^^ Both TinyLemon and Kitty Sith Lord banned for cybersexting eachother =O
Morfinyon Nice!
Mr. Moldy? I guess Miss Moldy would apply as well. Why do I have to name my mold anyway? Why am I talking about mold anyway? Can't we talk about owls or something instead? Don't ask me why owls, I...
I am sorry. :  *skip banned*  To me  Donkeybals banned for slandererish smutish language <--- Who the h*** names themselves donkeybals anyway? ha!
^ I agree with this, beautiful people are everywhere :), and there is more than one way to look at beauty also.
I can be certain, that this is the all time best post on spam board here ever!  Lol :)
Banned for orgasms about eargasms XD
^^ Eh too mainstream eh?  I'll throw a natalie merchant video out here, true nontwerking nonsellout artist at her best:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zpYFAzhAZY  :)  Real music
I definitely now maybe like one rePublic.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hT_nvWreIhg  Cause they'll (you'll) be' counting starz.  :)  Sturz
Yes it is. Why you copy Nigsta? There is only one cat around these woods I believe. :cool:
As they emerged. You inspired me to change myname to Human Christ Fishy. Gtfo the planet already...  Free trade always and ftw. I will buy!
^ What are you? A Yew, a yew. Baa Ram YeW! You Yew EwE. (:  ewe  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/97/Ewe_lamb,_Columbia_breed.jpg   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbFux7_RQpA
You see my face :| <---- it goes like this. Oh so totally cool are u. :cool: All about dat swag, all about dat bling amirite?  Here's a classic: ...
I don't think you are a chump, I like your personality and uniqueness.   Read the bible, I promise you. The word of God is in there, but he wants you to decide for yourself.
First off, I don't think you or anyone here is a chump.   Also, I admire your creativity. I will say - this about the world. And ask you, as far as advancing civilization. What has technological...
Banned for the misspellin' of bals!'"


2013: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYWklAV_cwQ
Ok what
I say you're wrong.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqeAsmNLja0
I might've gone a bit over the top myself, but I was trying to make a point, because I know how difficult and confusing it can get once you start comparing somewhat arbitrary things like interests...
I still don't quite get that whole separation thing between being interested in (i.e. 'focused' on) people vs. things. Many - if not most - ENTPs are somehow interested in science, technology etc.  ...
I, uh, wasn't, uhm... Hi. :kitteh:
Hate it when that one >93% match constantly goes on about how important their fruit fetish is to them.
www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLMRxJOL4JM  goo of awesome
Mom: ENFP Brother: ENFP Sister: Don't know for sure, might be ENFJ or ENFP (I'm aware of the different functions, she's just a bit complicated) Dad: ENTJ  We're definitely the craziest/most...
Stuff You Should Know/How Stuff Works is pretty awesome. Also The Nerdist, though I guess it depends on the guests.   This American Life has some great episodes but I feel like it varies a bit... ...
Oh, don't get me wrong; I'd never flat out say universal morality doesn't exist. In fact, I pretty much hate the notion of speaking in absolutes (with very few exceptions, that is). Or were you...
Totally not stolen from a popular online dating website. Hope this question hasn't been asked here a thousand times already since I really only was too lazy to search the forum.  So what do you...
Only know 3 possible ENTPs other than me, for at least one of which I'm pretty sure to actually be one. None of them's been tested though.  The one I'm rather sure about is my best friend (I guess)...
ScarrDragon You've basically just described me to a T.  Sidenote to tuning out in social surrroundings: Sometimes I unitentionally tend to do what appears to others like me zoning out completely,...
Fair enough. Still there's a big difference between needing to find a passion and simply wishing to find one. And from what I've read nobody on this thread said they needed to find a passion.  But...
Maybe it does work well for you so far, but calling it straight out utter bullshit seems a bit harsh, doesn't it?   Having fleeting obsessions has pretty much been my life as concerning hobbies...
Wait a sec... you're complaining about having to take meds that make you even more awesome? Something's amiss here. And scientifically speaking, ENTPs are ENFPs on amphetamines? Explains the...
A somewhat green, hilly land, maybe with a few snowy mountains here and there, deep forests and lakes in between and some wide, open ranges. I don't mind the cold, actually I'd take it over heat...
Complicated. (From an outside view, that is, and not necessarily in a negative way)
www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhOEtF4jHLA&amp;hd=1
Mr. CafeBot greeted him twice? THIS MUST BE THE LONG PROMISED PROPHET  (Prophet or not, hi and welcome :) )
Cool, danke fr den Link :D
Word Dispenser I'm gonna go ahead and say exactly as you did: This.  Very much this.  All of it. What you said, what Malkovich said, partly what meowwwww said. I can get somewhat sentimental at...
86305  T'was Halloween and being the part-time insomniac that I am I figured I might as well pick something fitting.  And yes, I'll admit to loving Fight Club. Dearly.
Just a few minutes ago I posted this to about a dozen friends. They're complaining already. And it feels gooood.
Orange. And blue. And red. And black, if that counts as color. And green. Damn it why must people always ask for a single one?
Saw Gravity earlier today. Holy shit, that stuff was absolutely amazing on so many levels. Definitely recommend seeing it on 3D and IMAX if possible!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUCLgVds7UM&hd=1  The last two minutes are probably the most geniously wired simplistic wonderfulness my mortal senses were ever granted to feast on.
5'11, a bit over 155lb. Can't really say I fit the stereotype. :/
Congrats buddy. Hope I'll meet you there one day, though at this point I can't really see it.
Pronoun.
Thank you, PowerShell. You just made my brain explode.
I'm with Cindy on this one, ENTP sure seems like a good fit. Might possibly be INTP though.  Do you sometimes experience symptoms of scatterbrainedness? For example, being scatterbrained.
Fight Club, for the bazillionth time. I came.
Welcome!  Nothing new to say really but you're not alone struggling through that kind of situation. Hope you'll find some further insight here, at least there's lots of thought-provoking stuff to...
Unbelievable.  Well yeah, but you're still YOU so that doesn't count...
I've never had any problems visualizing things in my head. Actually I think I'm quite good at it, especially when it comes to more complex things. Creating movie scenes in my head, for example - take...
Jagten. Damn that shit was intense. Makes you think about how stupid and ignorant people can be when it comes to seeing what they want to see, all the while making you think yeah, this could be...
This exactly.  Life extension? I'd do almost anything for that. Better yet: full immunity to desease and aging, soft immortality basically. Sometimes I get genuinely sad when thinking about how...
Make yourself go out and meet new people, last time I checked there were plenty just waiting. And if not, there's always Wikipedia.
Trust me, I'm right. - [random objection about how I can't always be right - I know, but trust me, I'm actually right.  I looked it up. (No matter if true or not)
Never cheated on anyone, though I wouldn't say any of my past relationships were deep and/or intimate enough to say that anything I could've done would've been serious cheating. I don't think I'd...
NT for sure from what I see every day, though I do know loads of NFs who love puns too... so I'd even go as far and say xNxx. Wouldn't say that sensors generally don't like or use them as much but...
Hey sweetie, want some cake? How's the weather?:proud:
Ever thought about depression? Cause that can turn even the most upbeat and confident people into whiny wimps.
Naked Gun 1 and 2 1/2, funniest shit ever. I love how I can watch those a million times, still laugh my ass off and still discover little details I never noticed before... and that sex scene in part...
Damn these stuffed olives and peppers are good. I bet it's got something to do with the cheese.
Thanks for the welcome :) Currently I'm kind of in between jobs. I'm definitely going to start working again once semester break is over, but I can't really say yet what I'm going to do. Probably...
THIS. And by now I somehow doubt it will ever go away completely :(  Anyway, welcome to the forum! If you want to get an overall better insight in how the whole type thing works I highly recommend...'"


2029: 'Dear INFJ Love,  Little did I know a year and a half ago that I would meet someone who would redirect and change my life. Little did I know that I would find someone who made me feel incomplete...
Hon I'm a cheeseball but almost a year ago you asked me to send you a song that reminds me of you and here it was   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1snKFyZ_8-I
Overall I find it very rewarding.
I have to sell myself a lot for business purposes, but that's just hustling.
I like to feel like I can relax. Not feeling like I have to entertain.   Also, keep it sexy.
That's Mr. sassy snasslesass to you pal.     http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view/37516/you-talkin-to-me-o.gif GIFSoup
I swear I was like you at your age. You will be an extremely confident person one day and kick ass; however, we all go through growing pains at different times in our life and come out better because...
Please don't call me sassy lol
Overly serious people are fine with me. I'd obviously prefer a balance between someone who can be serious and someone who can joke around. I can be overly serious at times, but then can switch tones...
You should take pepto bismol when constipated or bloated at the onset of a blumpkin. It's effective 50% of the time in the chance I ever get a blumpkin, which is about 1% of the time I plump.
You forgot getting a blowjob and shitting or what is otherwise called a blumpkin.
There's only one way to settle who is more of an expert at everything you listed: dance off
Withdrawal and Depression    Obsessiveness
Nietzsche's eternal recurrence is supposed to be a life-affirming message to counter the fearful and life-denying gospel that religion preaches. Essentially, these life-denyers have to make up a...
Yeah, that's all I had in me, and I really had to stretch my point on that one. ha
Yes, I agree a framework is important; however, we all use words and change definitions to conform to our viewpoints. All words are open to interpretation in various ways. Obviously I can make a...
Saw American historian David Mccullough speak at my CLE class today. Was really cool.
suuuuure
I think it's a hard question to answer. We could explain how our cognitive process affects our decision-making process, but at the same time, I believe environmental factors, how I was raised and the...
I've heard your trouser snake is a myth. No one's ever been able to locate it:laughing:
Yes, deciding whether someone deserves your empathy is making a judgment I think. Does this person deserve my empathy or not? It's all based on judgments. And yes it's all semantics and it's all...
No the way we perceive people is automatically a judgment. Judging people doesn't mean you don't give them a chance. It means you're bringing a certain lens into how you view the world and the people...
I don't think we're more kind than INTPs. In fact, I would imagine ENTPs way more prone to engage in conflict with people though I don't think that makes ENTP's unkind. ENTPs get away with saying...
It's important to be judgmental or discriminatory or else you'll waste your time with morons.
Yeah high school is lame. It gets better.   No reason to rush through college. Take your time, learn, be irresponsible, be an idiot, learn from that, get a little better in your decision-making,...
I don't party much anymore. In my party days, I was always the last man standing, though, and I could drink anyone under the table. I was never a sloppy drunk though. I just get super extroverted and...
Both.
I'm both.
I get along with most types pretty easily though ISTJs can grate on me which isn't to say I don't enjoy their company. My ISTJ friend asked me to be in his wedding. He's been a great friend.   Two...
What you think you're going to be now will be way different when you graduate. You're not supposed to know. Just enjoy the experience of it, whichever college you choose, and take different classes....
My sense of humor is appreciated by most people I come across. You aren't funny if other people aren't laughing or getting what you're saying. Our talents lie in presentation. How we present ideas or...
I've always seen myself retiring as a professor in the twilight of my years.   I think we would probably be good at a Socratic method teaching style which forces people to be able to formulate as...
My inner voice is James Earl Jones. If James Earl Jones is an INFJ boy then that just happens to be highly coincidental.
I bet you masturbate while winking at yourself in the mirror.
Organization primarily.   I've been running my firm for about 8-9 months. I'm operating at a profit and see good things coming; however, it's important to find people to compensate in areas you...
Being a great person is not about getting the better of people; it's about getting the best of people. Use your talents to motivate and inspire. Being right about something and not knowing when to...
I'm much better at one to one conversations. I don't think it's that I'm much better actually. I'm good in group dynamics as long as I am enjoying the energy of the group; however, I prefer one to...
you tell them you rebel you
yeah right. you're such a serious online flirt. you love it.
You're welcome.  I want to know your opinion on conversations about having conversations.
Jesus Christ.  Clearly I don't consider Italian Americans white and obviously only animals live in New Jersey.
You have kids?! Fuck.   Please, for the sake of humanity, and I'm not being a smartass, stop procreating.
so we can't talk about how we like INFJs, but we can talk about he we don't like talking about liking INFJs  Got it
BTW.cheating on your wife isn't an ENTP thing. Stop with that stereotype.   It's clearly an Italian-American thing.
Or How an ENTP fucked over an INFP for a decade---Doggy Style
My cock will poke its way into a heart. And by heart u200bI mean mouth.
Moral of the story: the ultimate way into a male ENTP's heart is having a mouth over his cock. True story.
Ever think about grad school? What are you really good at?
Yeah, I relate to trying to let the other person fuck up so you could have a reason. I suppose that's the scary part in a sense: the need to want something more. It's not that the person did anything...
Probably because we're awful breaker-uppers. The fade away move doesn't work that well, but it just sort of happens unconsciously. Apparently, people like closure. haha  Anyway, I remember...'"


2040: 'No, you know what would be even better? Discord reactions in that specific sub forum.
Thought: if thanks were enabled in bans and infractions, the threads would probably be hilarious to read.
And this is how you increase yours ;)
Okay, Spicy Spank, here's the thing. You said:     I was there, and as you well know, the original point of the voice chat was to figure out who kept kicking you, even though it's fairly...
What happened to I'm done? :0
Dw I give you a permission to claim some ENTP side hoes
Oh right, that was unjustified, sorry.   $claim 365 pobrecita  ...There, now I can call you a bitch every day of the year <3
Don't you go all bitch's nature on me, bitch.
I only accept my payment in top hats, and demand 51% of the profits.
Only if u gimme ur flower ;)   $give 666 pobrecita
If you're ENTP I might have to change my type :(
HI DEAR happy you found your way here <3
Yeah you'll be surprised to see what kind of messages require kisses after them  Protip: if you don't use them in the flat group chat, you're being petty xx
Groups tend to polarise for various reasons (identifying with each other, maximising the differences from other groups, there's plenty of explanations, some of which I can't remember), so what you...
I can't tolerate certain sounds (smacking of mouth, loud breathing etc) some people make when they sleep. If I have to sleep in the same room with someone who does that and they fall asleep before me...
I like dogs, but wouldn't want to be responsible for one again any time soon. I had to take care of a semi demanding dog on my own from when I was 17 to when I was 20 as my family gave me no choice...
Model B. It's usually a longer process though, since I tend to have plans for the possible scenarios that happen after the execution of my initial action, though. I do assess the likelihood of...
Yeah, I can be guarded, I tend to express rather neutral opinions instead of going for extremes. This extends to most areas that are a matter of personal taste, including music, literature, TV...
AzV  Yep. I'm never without a plan. Especially in short term (hours to months ahead), I do like to keep my long term options open. I don't mean well thought out, refined plans that I'll necessarily...
Great thread, birdie! I agree with all of your points - I don't flame people, start random arguments or offer my input when it's no use, thus I'm not ENTP, right?   I recall that I've already...
Normally I just pretend to care more than I actually do. If, for instance, I meet a friend after a long time and they say that they've missed me I think it's just common courtesy to say it back, even...
ESFP, INFJ, INFP  It's hard to define close, but I went with the people I'm most comfortable sharing personal stuff with. The list tends to change from time to time for no particular reason.
That may be, and it's actually quite interesting to see how people use the same visual aids for different purposes... I also use parenthesis, I should look into how they differ from the small font....
I think in my posts it's supposed to resemble the change in my tone... Unfortunately people here are unfamiliar with my tones, but if I think about it I guess that when present, a smaller text means...
I usually score something like Ne > Ti > Ni > Te > Si > Se > Fe > Fi.  For starters, it's probably at least partially because the questions they use are stupid. Like, all Fe questions tend to...
I'll go with I am not sure, but leaning towards no. It is unlikely.  It doesn't exactly represent my views, though, since I'm fairly confident that it's a no, just don't think I'm in the position...
I know... Is there a good twelve-step program, or do I need to surgically remove it?
Thanks! I doubt it makes a huge difference when a text is short (like my previous one, for example), but it can be a lifesaver when there are multiple lengthy paragraphs. Especially on this...
I can relate to this.   It took me until September to fully realise this, since I actually had to move then. While I consider keeping things like old diaries justified, I also found a bunch of...
My username used to be draculaoverlord, which was an inside joke me and a few friends had a couple of years back, but I decided to tone down my ego and abbreviated it. Also, the lack of a space...
I probably shouldn't have laughed.   Always could have continued by telling how I ended up throwing the bunny in the trash (just kidding, I made my friend do it), for some reason people find it...
Culture definitely plays a part, but I actually think that the British tend to get my humour fairly well, maybe the bunny example was just a matter of knowing me personally.   We were talking about...
I enjoy humour when itx92s clever, which applies to the dark kind as well. That being said, I donx92t find dead baby jokes particularly funny, since most of them are very similar and not that amusing...
https://s13.postimg.org/y0de5jjhj/IMG_0034.jpg
https://s17.postimg.org/9gbm00k1b/IMG_0031.jpg
This doesn't exactly relate to certain words or catchphrases, but let's assume it counts. I quote a lot of things in my everyday speech - books, TV shows, song lyrics, the people I know, myself, you...
Actually, those are called hedges and they are fairly essential in effective communication - you indicate that the addressee(s) shouldnt necessarily take what you say as the absolute truth. It...
That might be, the websites I quickly skimmed through seemed to say that their meanings are somewhat identical. It's quite interesting, I think I'm going to research it a bit further since I'm...
You should use oriented. According to some sources orientated is also technically correct, but it's advisable to use the former, since it's shorter and simpler. I had to check that since a friend...
So 10/10 that I'm a 1.
Your long post seems a bit unnecessary after this?
I don't mind the leaflet people, you can just politely decline, but the megaphones really get to me. I'm also a bit bitter about a time when some religious people distributed free coffee to anyone,...
This wouldn't go with my aesthetics at all. 2/5 because it looks a bit like my drunken selfies, though.
Well, we don't have to go to a church for that, there's a person distributing leaflets and shouting to a megaphone every 5m in the city center.  ...Which made me and my INTJ friend seriously...
That's so cool! Do you also spend your free time preaching about the mercy of God to strangers? :))
My best friend for almost four years is an INTJ. The biggest problem is that we're both incredibly stubborn - we didn't talk for six months because neither wanted to contact the other. Most of our...
I don't. I've shown up to classes half an hour late with a take-away coffee because fuck it, I'm already late and I overslept for a reason. But if the choice is between getting coffee and being on...
I ask for permission in ambiguous situations. I believe smoking outside, for example, is rather unambiguous if you've paid attention to what the regulations tend to be - for example, I've never had...
I disagree, asking for permission is an extremely easy way to get into someone's good books, they will approve of you for considering the convenience of others.   Apologies are a bit meh. They work...
Unlikely, in worst case scenario I'll need a visa in two years but I doubt it gets too complicated.     Well, further away from the sea than I currently live :P And the winter is definitely nicer...'"


2094: 'She sounds like a healthy Si-Fe-Ti-Ne who needs an ENTP to make sure she doesn't let herself be taken advantage of:)
I use music to explore and feel different kinds of moods as they are presented by the artist. Basically, it means ditching whatever mood I have currently and just going for a ride.  So no, I don't...
1) What do you do? Software engineering.  2) Do you like it? It pays the bills and I enjoy some parts of it.  3) Are you good at it? I am somewhat good at it, yes.  4) Do you see it...
I don't think immortality is the right course of research and action. Have you considered that mayhaps the limited time we have here on Earth is exactly what makes our lives feel so special and worth...
Oh yes, it is very useful. This world is run by people and without our Fe we would rub pretty much all the people in a wrong way. And then there would be no room to hide.
Planescape: Torment all the way. It goes deeep.   I would also like to mention the Mass Effect series and Civilization V with all the expansions.
Got an ISFJ mom and am the middle child of the three of us. 7 year age difference both ways. Hmm...
So we as ENTP's are very capable of observing the tangible reality and forming abstractions based on that. And abstractions are just models of reality, not a part of the reality itself. So basically...
Gah. Which type exactly are we talking about here? The Fi-dom, Ne-POLR ISFP, right?  According to Socionics the ISFJ (Si-dom) is our dual and optimal match, and the ISFP (Fi-dom) our conflictor....
Well I never had any problems with ISFP's, so I don't really know. But they never laugh at any of my jokes, so I don't bother to give them my attention after I notice that. Luckily, this type is very...
I've always been good at maths. Never a top student, but always among the top. My achilles heel are small careless mistakes, that always took my grade down a bit from the top one. I also used to have...
A famous but unsourced Albert Einstein quote says the following about the responsibility You have: The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we...
Poor guy, you have my compassion. It sounds like smoking and drinking are sucking the life out of you. With them it is very hard to identify the cause and the effect because it is actually a loop of...
Yes, I am battling with anxiety too. Definately it is one of the most common emotions for an ENTP, and yes, it mostly manifests physically. At this moment it is pretty much a constant state for me,...
Sorry, but I highly doubt you are an ENTP if you find education boring. Or maybe you just didn't try educating yourself in an area that actually interests you yet.
Ne - Ideas. Visions of the future. Possibilities. Novelties and enthusiasm. Being an extroverted function, Ne is both directed to the world from you and also absorbed to you from the world. This...
Here's some ideas on how to raise the ENTP's paycheck: - Use your charm to have good relations with your superiors, paving your way ahead in that way - Pay attention to the people you work with in...
This is exactly how I see things also. People tend to gravitate towards me and there is no need to do any kind of manipulation. I guess the enthusiasm, positivity and ideas are contagious!
After giving it more thought (inspired by this thread), I have indeed typed my dad as MBTI INTP (socionics INTj) and my mom as ISFJ (Socionics ISFp) and it all makes perfect sense now. That would...
Welcome! I am a newbie here as well.  Curiosity indeed is a driving force for me too and I think any Ne-driven person should be able to identify with that. I like to see myself as a pathfinder of...
I totally understand why the ENTP would score so low in such a chart. The ENTP is one of the types least motivated by money, and that's all the explanation needed. We would pick an interesting job...
What's there not to enjoy? Enjoying life is all about your own attitude towards it. Take a deep look at your own mind and you will find your answers!
ENTP has Fe as a tertiary and is hence interested to preserve the group harmony, unless he is a very immature one. Social engineering as I see it means seeking to understand how human relations work...
I was never addicted to alcohol, but I couldn't stop when I started drinking. Just one drink would be enough to disable my Ti to the extent that I would keep drinking as long as there's a party going...
I am the same when breaking up relations, but I wouldn't draw the conclusion of being disassociated from emotions. We are just good at letting go, because we don't have the problem of Fi attachment.
Yes, it does make perfect sense. Being an ENTP you would make decisions primarily using the introverted thinking function (Ti), but the next function in your stack is extroverted feeling (Fe), of...
I have tried to type my parents for a long time and I just can't seem to reach conclusion. But this is what I've come up with so far:  Dad: Definately an Fe POLR... so that means in MBTI either...
Among my friends there is one other ENTP. We used to get in many sorts of trouble together as teenagers... mainly due to our wise ass experiments. The biggest problem in our friendship is that we've...
No, just... no.
I just found out the amount of ISFp's in my own country is not even nearly as much as in the US (where most online resources are based in). Only 7% among females. Damn!
One of my friends is an ESTP and the relationship is very problem-free, probably due to the Ti-Ti creative functions. We enjoy some similar things and always do some activity together when we hang...
Whoops:tongue: Tried to edit the title picture to a question mark now.
Indeed. Just any dual won't do!
It's not actually a bad idea... I would figure ISFp one of the most likely types to volunteer to help animals and troubled people. Maybe I will join a shelter for substance abusers, as I am motivated...
Yes, the socionics ISFp is the ISFJ in MBTI. I have plenty of relationship experience with various types, and although the romances with other types usually started well enough, they always ended up...
Hello there,  I have gotten quite deep into the Socionics theory and understand that one of my best friends is indeed my dual, an ISFp. The chemistry is just amazing and we have very similar...
I do have emotions and feelings. Most of the time, especially when alone, I would consider my feeling calm. I love my calm feeling and in some ways I am dependant on it - I find it hard to deal...
Not accurate for me, as I'm 100% sure to be Fe instead of Fi.  42% ENFP   16% ENTP   13% INTP   12% INFP   6% ENTJ
I would absolutely love to hear more on this topic, although I'm not qualified to contribute beyond my twenties. It's just that during my twenties so many great things and transformations have...
I consider myself to be luckier than average these days, but it is just a conscious belief. It didn't come to me by nature. These days, whenever something works as expected or something good happens,...
Thanks for all the responses. I have to say I don't really even know any heavy Fe-users. I work in a very structured field and am mostly surrounded by various thinking types.  According to the...
Dearest fellow ENTP's,  I seek some type specific help and knowledge regarding my relationship patterns. I have begun to have a greater understanding on the underlying patterns in my past...
After carefully thinking about you people's replies here and studying more carefully what the different functions mean, I have arrived into the conclusion that I'm an ENTP indeed. The way ENTP uses...
Makes sense. By my social circles, I meant my groups of close friends though. I have two, one group from my high school times and another group from university.
Thank you for the video, very enlightening. Very interesting how she's talking about not wanting to compromise if she really wants to do something - like you are welcome to tag along, but it's my...
I also have a friend who I perceive to be a very stereotypical ENTP. He is more artistical than me and plays a guitar. I never found the motivation to start playing an instrument myself. He seems to...
Sometimes at work I am trying to find a solution for a problem for hours. Then finally when I give up enough to ask for advice, I go to the most knowledgeable person about that specific problem. When...
What you are saying about me having a hard time to seriously consider what the other person is actually saying, sounds very plausible to me. Just today I actually had this almost very same situation...
Here's a few more details regarding the INTP/ENTP choices: -I work as a software engineer and wouldn't consider any other career choice at this moment. Ever since I started out, I noticed I learned...
Interesting! What made you rule out INTP, or especially remind you of your ENTP ex?'"


2111: 'Tbh all depends on maturity. ENFP's and mine Ti and Fi can clash hard if it's something we stand on opposite sides from , but in a mature version like one of my best friends my ti complements her te...
Eh, i know an unhealthy INTJ and this is very familiar
It was good, for the most part the NT part resonates very strongly with me, though very glad that you made remark except extraverts, because entp female,being dom ne and tert fe can.. Manage better...
I think you're onto something there :-)
I'm going to reply in a more extensive fashion but just this in the meantime, Ne   does not mean people focused.It can but Ne is way more into whether those people have intriguing things to say or...
hello..welcome :)  and both sites you mention are more related to gaming than anything else :) just fyi Steam = gaming distribution platform and owned by valve -> devs from halflife and portal...
Had the exact same thing couple of weeks ago. But with an intp as best friend you just have to deal, we'll always need more contact than them, even if we are the idc one in other relations
married to one in may, been together for over 10yrs.  He has his issues, i have mine.He leaves me be a lot, which i need and like.The only thing that drives me crazy is his passive-agressive...
Ugh you infp's, watch this manga it'll change your life is your answer to Everything.   [emoji6]
Entp here -> use your ne :-)  it sounds too simple but it just is.wallow a while if you must and then go on and try to find the silver lining.its hardly ever that there isn't one
Writing shorthand makes you sound like a moron.
Get drinks, not wasted just comfy, and talk in the dark whilst looking at nothing, or sitting outside,and just lay your cards on the table.
Ehh
Netherlands or Belgium?  Op: I speak Dutch (native),English (c1),French (b2) and understand German partially but cannot speak it. But tbh here in Belgium you don't have a lot of choice if you...
Standing in front of your  mirror,staring, with your toothbrush for over a minute, before you realise what's  missing. Toothpaste
No jk, I find this incredibly romantic
I once sent one back, it was on a diskette , a word document.I corrected it, it was full of spelling mistakes. Attraction = over :s  I was mean, and also, I was told that he only did that to have a...
Make it stop.please make it stop.*shudder*
Who Hurt you!?
when you set out to make a definitive statement but it winds up in you ending with a question mark (even irl) or sticking a 99.2% certainty on something.GNAA!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwW3o-cRCKc  https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=vermaelen%27s+projects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGeEmIDPOFo
Thank you for your extensive post and engagement in the discussion. Although I do not agree with the idea that type changes over the years (mature hence develop -yes, change -no),  I can't help but...
Your styled look -Meh But that second pic,  that one could put my slippers under his bed   (if I weren't happily married and shit)
Je te croix. La mienne c'est tout  fait ok mais ce n'est  pas sans ces fautes
De Nederlandse vrouwen zullen blij zijn dat te horen :-) Ik ben Belgisch Vlaams ;-)
Crazy accurate, against these people I sort of bullshit superhard with theories and terminology that or not exist or are at that point only bound together by my intuition and logic (which I often...
Dammit it's my autocorrect apt.extravert thus
Nono I meant Extrovert.sorry, late post, typo
Ah. I always thought it was just an American thing. So now I've gone and investigated. http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/extrovert  And jung whose work we are speaking about also...
Doesn't sound weird at all o.O  :)  Het is een artificiel kuiltje trouwens. Aangeschaft op mijn 16 jaar.
Have been known to ask that. Or, hmm,how old am I actually again (29)
That stinks. Sorry I was thinking more of the consultants that go work their for 2yrs with high pay checks, which is very shortsighted of me. My Woolhope
Oh my, that seems like an awful place to live as an entp.the fact that I'm a woman doesn't help my opinion. Could be a lucrative place though, no?
Inderdaad.op alles. Ik ging dat ook allemaal posten maar te veel werk.dus danku :-) nu moet ik het niet meer dien en kan ik gewoon lezen
https://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20160111/70c16c0a67cb04c88ba763f95e47804f.jpg  So monday
Oh..ooh.. Black Books  check black books NOW :)
Parting from the limited info I have here, I don't really see a lot of Fe in your father.Which would mean very fucked up entp because at his age he must have developed SOME, although trying to push...
True.hey first poster,why do you think your father is a sociopath?what indications do you have?
This could be your acceptance speech when you win the imsofabulous award!
you're right, not very clear.Sorry that happens when posting so late -.-   So questions: 1)Were you bullied/a bully. 2)If bullied, did you forgive your bullies, or lost the perseverance to stay...
Nederlands is een Germaanse taal, net zoals het Duits. Dus het is veel herkenbaarder.
Hmm, neen.Geen speciale karakters zoals   enzo.
On true ENTP there was a post about whether you forgive your bullies if you were bullied. My answer to that I will copy underneath because I'm resource-efficient that way :)   But one of the...
Ik denk eerder dat dat Frans is, maar ik kan me vergissen .
Irritated ischias nerve like receiving electroshocks every 20secs during 1hr.or ruptured cyste on my ovaries. Oh and giving birth
Octodad?
http://images.tapatalk-cdn.com/15/12/16/4207025fd2251ccd336be93ce20645f7.jpg  I swear to you,one day I will be able to take a picture without that weird crooked grinsmirk
[emoji32] cats aren't supposed to listen,you broke it
Oh we dont use that smiley as blushing. More as mihihi. But I do blush so terribly awful, stupid fe. And due to my fair skin I get tomato red the moment I feel slightly embarrassed'"


2135: 'Concrete Random
ENTP  Height: 6'0  Weight: 166 lbs.  Eyes: Blue  Hair: Black  Shape: Athletic build
Yes. Same here. I take it as excitement.
Found one!
Isfj
Intp
What's my personality type?  You'd probably have better luck posting this there.
Hmm... yeah, I'd go with INTP
Pro-choice
Well, my guess is INFx - can't decide between J and P. That is a fairly wild guess though.
Hmm... my guess is ISTP
Fill this out and post your answers in this thread for more accurate results:  http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/99679-whats-my-type-questionnaire.html  However, from what...
Skimmed some of the questionnaire, but I'd probably guess ISTJ
Hmm, I read the questionnaire... maybe ISFP?
Yeah probably ENTP
Infp ?
What type do you think he is?
Trojan would go out of business
I'm not particularly sporty, and I actually like school for the most part.
I agree with this.
1. Do ESTPs think about their past a lot? Like past relationships, past friendships, etc..? Sometimes.  2. As an ESTP, would you ever go back to an ex? What would be your reason for going back?...
True, I'm mainly asking because I want to better understand the difference between the two types so I can then decide which label suits me more (if either does, that is).  Thanks for all the...
But then I take the other test..  Based on your answers, your personality type is most likely:  ESTP   Introversion (I): 

 24% Extroversion (E): 





| 76%  Intuition (N):...
Based on your cognitive functions, your type is most likely:     Most Likely: ENTP  or     Second Possibility: ESTP  or     Third Possibility: ISTJ      Your cognitive functions are, in order...
I can't decide which type I am. I've posted about this before, but still... can someone highlight key differences between the two types and maybe take a shot at guessing which I am? I'm leaning...
Mikael Akerfeldt: ISFJ Steven Wilson: INTP Devin Townsend: INFP
INTJ, I think
You could very well be right.
Maybe he was really angry? Lol I dunno.
I'm can't decide between ENTP or ENFP for Tarantino.  Alfred Hitchcock was an ESTP, I read somewhere.  JJ Abrams: ENFP?
He is not an E; if you listen to the show that is obvious, I think. INTJ perhaps.
Mai Valentine from Yu-Gi-Oh
No way- INTJ, maybe... but I see you have him as your profile picture!
There is no way that Howard is extroverted. He is actually a very quiet, shy guy outside of the show who likes to be alone and doesn't like talking to his colleagues or going out (often).
He has all these crazy ideas, and he told Gary (the producer) when he first hired him that he wanted him to handle everything so that he could just create.   I could actually see him as an INTJ...
Howard Stern: INTP Robin Quivers: ESFJ Fred Norris: INFP Gary Dell'Abate: ENFP (?) Benjy: ENTP (?) Artie Lange: ESTP Sal Governale: ESFP Richard Christy: ISFP  I probably missed a bunch of...
Entertainment     Gordon Ramsay, chef, author, TV host, businessman   Glenn Beck, Conservative TV host and author   Angelina Jolie, actress   Madonna, singer   Meryl Streep, actress   Jack...
I would guess INTP for you
I'm thinking ENTP, I think I read he was an ENTP somewhere too.
Updated list from me, taking some of your comments into consideration as well as my own opinions...  Star Trek Original Series Kirk: ESTP Spock: INTJ McCoy: ESFJ Scotty: ISTP Sulu: ISTJ...
ISTJ maybe?
1. If you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal, would animal would represent you?  A butterfly... no one suspects the butterfly. (c) Simpsons  2. Name an accomplishment that you are...
I'd love to be typed, thanks!  Filled out the survey.
I would guess INFP.
1. For a person you loved deeply, would you be willing to move to a distant country knowing there would be little chance of seeing your friends or family again?   This depends where and who. I...
Just be yourself, whatever yourself is.
She has a dollar sign in her name.
Please fill out this questionnaire:  http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/145423-questionnaire-2-0-a.html  Then we can type you more easily. Thanks!
There's lots to learn from fiction as well.
What type do you think he is?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_raVequ2jD4   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDG2MSXIN98   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsUCAR0iqBM'"


2142: '3edgy5me
I lol'd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=0wMhhq7zwPc
Thanks guys, I got in contact with Dear Sigmund and the issue is fixed :)
Topic title ^
Acronyms too stronk
Pretty much.
Hm.   If you use Ni what kind of Ni user do you think you would be, INTJ?  If Ne then I presume you would think of yourself as an INTP.   If this is the case then the question becomes whether...
Hm. I use the word so much I thought I said the other poster was employing a ruse. After re reading I called her a shill and said you were using a ruse. Sorry, for mismatching something so trivial....
I never stated you were employing a ruse. The only thing I stated was that you're not unbiased and were trying to come across as that. If you want to call that a ruse then that is a statement of your...
Yes. You're correct, that I said I trolled. However, trolling is a very ambiguous word and can mean many different things to many different people. Let me specify what I meant when I said I trolled:...
What?  I hadn't acted defensively, nor had I acted like a victim during the facebook conversation. I stated I'm not a troll to let him know immediately that I was not pulling his chain, and any...
You do not need to profit or dictate others to a cause or action to have influence or to gain influence. It's obvious, he's the intellectual version of an attention whore.    You have the whole...
Okay. Here is the whole conversation on facebook. You have everything except the video comment I left, which I said I couldn't get, because he deleted it:    http://imgur.com/a/KtEOP  edit: ...
Good point; I'd wish not to include my message as it involves personal information. However, I will do so because you're correct, it's required for a full perspective.  http://i.imgur.com/evBeG.png...
I'm reuploading the video now.  TBQH, after I thought about it, I figured it was like shouting in space. It doesn't really matter because no one will hear you anyways, as I do not have a name or a...
I made a video response to NFgeeks going over their ingenuity.    http://youtu.be/4YwduOFoM44
Here you go.
Oh I do. Both ENTPs and ESTPs are known for one-upmanship. For ENTPs this can be in the form of any thing that can be considered competition. IE - we find ourselves in a sowing convention, somehow,...
Alright, there's some good material here. I'll reread and then see if I have a overall impression; that said I'm no expert on typing and what I type will probably be the opposite of what you are.  ...
Aware of what? Exact point of what?    Do you know what temperature means?   b. A measure of the average kinetic energy of the particles in a sample of matter, expressed in terms of units or...
Absolute zero is neither zero in celsius or farenheit. There's no measurements I know of that measure the amount of sensory data being taken in by an individual. Therefore, it's more of a reference...
My conjecture is that the lack of sensory data is a sensory experience in and of itself. For example, absolute zero is the lowest possible theoretical temperature. However, it's still a temperature....
It's mostly just conjecture. My idea is that your body is still existent inside the float tank. The only difference is that there is no external stimuli for your body to pick up on. However, the...
Your names for the different personas suck. I thought I was in Africa or something and insta CTRL + W the page.   http://i.imgur.com/2K71e.jpg
I quote:       I didn't forget. I just thought the answer was obvious enough, that you even included it inside your question.
I blame the internet to be honest.
Sorry but that didn't make much sense. How is sensory deprivation a sensory activity?  Like I said in my post. I theorize (haven't been in a float tank...yet) that the experience of having...
Counts more as a xBox live liner.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqV-oD6XLxE
I'm sorry, who are you? What are you the free speech decider? Agree with what I say and you can talk; say something I don't like and I will bother you in a ruse of self importance?  Sorry, get a...
Everything will be considered an 'Se thing'. Even lying down in a float tank would be a Se thing. I reason, because there's no real prior points in our lives (not including past float tank...
Granted I haven't read anything past the first page; this thread tries too hard.  except for the ENTPs ofc...because everyone knows they've never said any of that **** and just made it up on the...
All the real ESTPs are too busy doing Se things to engage on a forum.
Enfp
For all the fucks I give, I like being poor.
The brilliance would be the implementation of proving the point.  That said, you're still incorrect in what you believe the point of this thread is. It's not a ploy. All threads were sincere...
Either DC is very smart. Or he's a complete idiot who can weasel himself out of anything.  However, in the case of you being smart; being overly obnoxious and a general pain in the ass is not the...
You're not an INTP.
Change your mbti type.
You're the butt of the joke.    Fucking pathetic. To make yourself seem less idiotic to future viewers you say, i was in it all along guis.  It won't convince anyone, probably not even...
I know you don't place any value in the conversation to work it out. You just admitted you HAVEN'T worked it out. I don't expect you to work it out. It goes against your ego because if you DID work...
I'm paraphrasing you.  Once you get a good nights sleep look through this thread again and work out the logic. I cannot show it for you.
1.) Vimeo is a virus site guis  2.) No the ISTPs did watch the video. However, it seems they were just as mysterious to you as they were to me. This is because they were not playing with me....
Hey, at least you have a fitting avatar picture.
It's funny how the mind always looks for ways to get out when cornered. No. You didn't ask whether X or Y was fun. Y in this case was just a descriptor or unnecessary information, a subordinate...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mg_Rx6u3Hus
P.s. if x = y = z
I agree. However, you didn't say 'what is fun about x'; you said:       They both are just as easy to answer. Hence why I said earlier:
No it's a completely different meaning. One is asking what another is asking why.  Two different meanings and questions.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0'"


2148: 'I've been working on a theory regarding AI replacing many (dare I say, eventually all?) sensors in the coming evolutionary jumps.  I mean, its shit theory, but there's some germination there.
What you know and what you can explain and apply are different things. Without Jung, you wouldn't have the words to put to it and applying any kind of knowledge regarding then because wildly...
Tears are Lube
No, I dated someone after realizing that to test my theory. I've been on this Jung shit for about 4 years. ;)    INFJ, INTJ, ISFJ... I don't really see the point of a fourth choice.  I live in...
You both WANT the same thing, therefore you both lack that which you want.   Ive dated an ENTP before, and there's comfort in familiarity, but after enough time and growth you learn that you don't...
Boom Shaka Laka
Oooh, poop stories.  One time, during masturbation, I came so hard I pooped a little. Just a little.  Marijuana is a helluva drug.
Just keep challenging yourself in terms of staying open. and communicative. Have fun.    Definitely.  but don't be afraid to genuinely stroke your ENTP's ego, we love that shit.
There's only a difference between what you said and what I said if you want there to be.  I didn't imply that you should commit to any old asshole.
Identify ENTP.  Flirt enough until he realizes you're into him.  Ask lots of questions about himself.  Be open and honest and talk as much as you want. (Which won't be a ton at first anyway) ...
There's an intense depth to your self-knowledge, yes. But sometimes you miss what's right in front of you when it comes to love and lovers.
He wants you to do the opposite.  He wants you to dive in and look like you mean it.  Then again, like I said, maybe neither of you are ready right now.  He seems to lack patience and you seem...
If you want to be with him, just explain to him that you see relationships and love differently than he does and you didn't even know what was happening at first. Remind him that your differences,...
And you're not as clear as you think you are when you've kinda sorta made up your mind. Which can be an infuriating thing to watch because I can remember actually seeing an INFJ girl change her...
I get ya. Well, it's like this. He probably feels like he's chasing you because if he's like me, initiating conversation can be a bit of a chore sometimes if there's distance and I'm just chilling...
Well, there's a certain vulnerability that comes with being in love that when faced with, I think many times I've looked for a logical way out. So, if he can sense on some level that he'd fall for...
I find myself dancing around INFJs sometimes. You can be more sensitive than we are prepared for and so sometimes I find myself trying to put tough things through this FJ filter.
I think it's more of a lazy challenge for you to translate it into normal speak instead of metaphysical story-talk.  Basically it's a cop out and a funny way of not having to translate it ourselves.
Trying new things.
No. Instead, I look them both in the eyes, one at a time as I do awful, NSFW, things with the sausage. This causes my girlfriend to run out of the room, covering herself in shame and the pizza man's...
Just my pleasure.
Where's the part where we get asked a question?  I'm tryna drop some muthafuckin wisdom up in this bitch.
Jealousy is one of the ugliest things about human interaction.   Learning to let go really teaches you what is truly important to hold on to.
Lol. Not many intuits have ordinary upbringings. Those with the N style of info gathering only make up roughly 16% of the population.  Nerds unite! In relative solitude!
I love seahorse and seahorse things. Like blankets. Towels. Little bags.  SEAHORSES. FOREVER.
The struggle is real.
I've known INFJs from varying backgrounds, some abusive and some not, some wealthy and some not and some ultimately emotionally healthier than others.  We are born, but malleable, and life tends to...
Yick, assumptions and overs-simplifications do not for good friends make.  I apologize for not meeting your minimum words per post requirements in essay format. I forgot this was a graded exercise.
They care, but they'd rather know the bottom line. The only time they care about how you got to the conclusion you're persuading them to adopt is when you're convincing them you're right the first...
Countless domino effects interacting with and changing the courses of countless other chains of causation since the Big Bang until this moment. It's huge math over insane spans of time, but it's...
Sure, it boils down to simply cause and effect, really.
Superfun stuff. Easier if you don't try to put words to it, but then it's difficult to understand and enjoy fully. It's all complicated and exists in a place that is so much more complex than spoken...
As a guy, I like having ESTP guy friends. Once I get them on my side and vice versa, which can be an argumentative filled endeavor, they're the most loyal, get'r done minions an ENTP could ask for....
I'm a bitch, I'm a lover, I'm a child, and I'm a mother.  I'm a sinner.  I'm a saint.  :o
I can say, with confidence, that exploring polyamory has greatly reduced my jealous tendencies towards romantic paranoia.   Simply put, you gotta face your demons to own them.   Also, I am...
Yeah, me neither.  B)
Lol.  If it was behavior, then why do INFJs frequently type as extroverts and why are ENTPs commonly known as the most introverted extrovert? I mean, one is clearly an E and one is clearly an I,...
Sharing is caring, but sharing a disappointment is... misery loving company?
You really went for it on this response.   Get m, girl.
This is getting pretty complicated...   Can I just be right while someone opposed and easily identified as such is considered wrong so that I can get on with my day already?
Edited for clarity...  That IS what you meant to say, right?
ENTPs ENFPs ESTPs ESFPs INTJs
I have to resist responding from the guilty feeling of having been given too much credit... technically I just failed. I'm always impressed with a healthy INFJs ability to behave in a way that makes...
Narc
That shows a complete misunderstanding of sociopathy. You would see your psychopathic traits as a positive because you're psychologically incapable of doing anything else. Your egotistical narcissism...
There is no difference between psychopathic and sociopathic. The ONLY real definition or distinction is the lack of a conscience. It is complete and the socio/pscyhopath does not miss it. Of course,...
Same. I sometimes will type one thing and remain engaged and responsive in an unrelated face to face conversation. It used to creep my roommate out. :D Glad to know its a type thing.   Same. Once,...
I also smoke marijuana.
With my toes.  The process is painfully slow and the writing is awfully illegible...  The whole thing is a complete waste of time.  I'd write with my hands but, like, I'm a visionary. You gotta...
I pooped in the fridge and I ate the whole wheel of cheese.'"


2195: 'Everyone thinks about pros and cons really, that's just normal. Being a feeling type isn't about being irrational and doing illogical things, it's about having strong emotional intelligence and...
Why ISXP ? What strikes you as Ti dom ?  ISFP is also possible. I'm not the best at differentiating INFPs and ISFPs, unless the ISFP in question has an aversion for abstract thinking.
I think you're neither, your writing is just way too...unfocused and playful if that makes sense ? I'll also take a stab in the dark and say you strike me as an INFP.
I don't know, you're not leaving much information for us to pick on. A E1 Perceiver seems rare but definitely not impossible for a Fi dom imo. As for socionics, I'm not enough well versed in it to...
In that case you're stereotyping or drawing an incorrect assumption. Fe isn't group based but collective based. Meaning that it's attuned to the collective harmony and is affected by it first. Of...
Lol I bet you do. I suppose that's why I'm so attracted to the humanities, as it's all about nuances and personal interpretations. You can't measure the objectivity of a stance, but rather you defend...
Crups  If you relate more to the NTP portion than the NTJ in what I typed, then yes that's where I lean. Keep in mind that there are probably a few exceptions where an INTJ will be comfortable...
That's an instinct variant thing, not an MBTI one. I'm an ENTP just like you, and I couldn't give less of a shit about groups, and although advancing humanity as a whole is nice, it's really not that...
I'm heavily leaning INTP here.
Welcome to PerC Maciek !
Enneagram is a pain to deal with because of the ever growing variables. You start with a core type, then you've got wings, instinctual variants, the triads, countertypes, the positive outlook vs...
Endologic   I've been raised on anime traps after all~   I wasn't going to talk about them being wise and altruistic psychics since from experience it's a load of crap. Had to cover the hole in...
Keep in mind that I'm a straight male and I have some negative bias towards certain typically masculine attitudes in girls.  ISFJ: Their dedication ESFJ: Their romantic and giving side ISTJ: ......
E8 is an exceedingly rare type for INTPs, as is the 854 tritype in general. Welcome to PerC, you special snowflake!
High school student from one of Montreal's suburbs here, welcome to PerC.
This thread dates back to 2012...
This is confusing, a lot of ISFJs I know are extremely gossip-y and judgemental. Some of them can be sweet, but I think there's just as many unhealthy ones lurking on everyone's FB page (because...
I'm gonna have to go with ENTP as well. Not only do I find him freaking hilarious, the way he deconstructs argument (Ti), throws a wall of statistics to unbalance his opponent (rather than work upon...
Haruhi is an ENTP. And no I'm not saying this because I'm one, in fact I'm pretty sure I wanna punch her in the face.
I think you'd be surprised at how many of them let themselves get taken advantage of, a lot of people lose their self respect in front of a thick wallet. Even though Trump manifestly objectifies...
Pro-Choice but education should emphasize the value and right to live of an unborn existence. I'm not particularly religious but I consider human life sacred in a way, and every unborn child should...
I see a shitload of INFPs mistyping as INTPs because they're afraid of the stigma of being a Feeler instead of a Thinker, on the false assumption that it relates to their intelligence. It mostly...
That doesn't necessarily point to Te over Ti though. I'm pretty damn goal oriented myself, and I've messed around with my computer trying to crack visual novels and games and succeeded, I went in...
I can safely say that you're not not an INFJ, you don't seem to feel responsible for harmony as much as they do nor do you display that on a mission vibe they give. A secondary Fe person would...
cordeliathelion  Considering most ENTPs are 7s, you're most likely thinking of 7w8s. 7w6 ENTPs are a thing, and I can tell that nothing you're saying is foreign to what they tend to say as well. ...
It's kind of extremely common yeah...  Fill out a questionnaire and we'll patch you up.
Don't type in blue, ever again... I'm serious.  Back on topic, I think you're correctly typed as an INFP. I know a confirmed one and you give me the same vibe as she does online. You also have her...
FreezingDead  I think it's much more likely for an ISTP to mistype as an INTP than the reverse, they can look similar on the surface but ultimately you kind of notice how different they are once...
Either an ENFP or a very bubbly ENTP, the latter being pretty much the norm on PerC for the type, that would make you more of a stereotype/less a special snowflake than myself if you were to identify...
INFJ definitely.
Still sounds ISTP-ish to me. Anyway you know yourself better than I do so you make the final call. Keep in mind, ISTJs very often fit the model of the diligent workaholic who makes INTPs look like...
XSTP. Look at Inferior Ni (ESTP) and Inferior Fe (ISTP) descriptions and see which one suits you best.
When it comes to memories, do you tend to remember them by their atmosphere like a fading painting or more like a puzzle full of details ?  Do you find comfort in routine (not predictability,...
More or less, Lelouch is also a strong contender for this. To stay within Death Note though, I'd argue that Near is the better representation of an INTJ. When I think of INTJ I think of someone like...
Oh he's actually a fairly polite person and dare I say a rather submissive guy, and I'm objectively more of an asshole than he is, he's just very work oriented and always acting as if in a hurry for...
Honestly the best way to understand the difference between the two is to be around one in RL. I've wondered about this dichotomy as well, mostly because I'm fairly selective in the information I...
Yeah INTJ seems to fit. About the rules thing, I think this could be explained by your Enneagram type fucking up how you fit into your MBTI type's stereotype. An INTJ 1w9 will be much different than...
Sounds like an ISTP alright, I was thinking of Dirty Harry throughout the whole thing. ISTPs can also seem like an NT sometimes, mostly because they're Ti doms and their tertiary Ni gives them a...
ESFJ, perhaps ENFJ. You remind me a lot of my sister and a handful of chicks I know, all XSFJs. A few answers point to Ni like the long time plans and insights, but overall I sense more Si in the...
I'm sure it's not your style anyway but I'd like to add that ISFPs can be utterly creative people, despite the common sensor bias on MBTI communities. They can come alive through their writing, art...
I'd be leaning towards some kind of IXFP, the Fi seems pretty strong here. The fact that you dislike both touchy-feely people and the critical abrasive ones (like me I guess) points towards that...
Trigger the Fe (easy part for an INFJ), tolerate the Ne intensity when it's on (that's the hard part), tease relentlessly both verbally and sexually without being too bitchy nor slutty about it,...
I do happen to (mentally) plan my activities throughout the day to measure how much I can get done as efficiently ap, I just tend to drop it midway on a whim when something catches my interest.
I feel like with an ESTP it's either all or nothing. You either get a suave hedonistic badass or some dorky frat boy who thinks he's Tony Montana. Then again it applies for all types but it seems...
No biggie, I appreciate your input. That part about bitching about and discussing political structures does apply in my case lol, but that's a topic that I would bring up like once a week at lunch or...
I'm looking to be enlightened on the difference between those two, since I resonate quite a lot with both descriptions. Funnily enough, there seems to be barely any in-depth insights on SP 7s over...
Yeah, it's just that my borderline hermit lifestyle out of school doesn't seem very ENTP-esque. In fact, I'm pretty sure people have stopped inviting me out because they're tired of me not showing...
Thanks man. I always assumed people from Toronto were more inclined towards baseball and the Bluejays, in any case I'm more of a basketball guy myself ^^  And yeah I'm from Quebec alright, poutine...
Are they hot ? Because that COULD very well be their saving grace ! Who am I kidding... I'm probably as bad as an INTJ with handling superficial people.
Subtle sophism is an endangered art these days.'"


2196: 'I understand that Ni is a strong background process in the ILE type (I'm also an ILE). What I am skeptical of is that an ILE (or an INTP) would ever be quite that aware of their Ni.   ...
I prefer the term neuroatypically extraverted but ambivert is fair as well. I am an ENTP with very slow mental processing and chronic mental health stuffs, and so I present pretty darn...
An INTP and ILE with command of Ni? Very, very suspicious.....
ESFP or ESTP. As much as he is trying to project some warped pseudo Te dom persona..... it's just another one of his shenanigans :P
Please don't listen to the majority of people here who are saying you must simply have social anxiety because autism is a debilitating disease :bored:   It could very well be all to do with...
Whenever one of these hypotheses comes around it's usually from either the NT=intelligence camp, or the intuitives are smarter than sensors camp. You seem to be part of the latter but I was...
Heyo. I followed the rules for physical safety and to get my way, but broke them when they really sucked and I could get away with it.  I have become more of a rule breaker as time has gone on.
508914
Maybe the universities are realizing that not everyone has a stellar reading speed, and that's okay.  Making reasonable accommodations for the many to give more people opportunities to engage with...
Nah, I think you actually know your type :P  Eh, I have no clue who you are but you vaguely remind me of an INTP I knew who had good Si integration.
Haha, it's great how the movie is only 14 minutes long without the emotions ;)  Point taken though, she is designed to be an every kid, and this is even more clear when you just see what's going...
a character whose main arc is her inability to cope with change and unable to see the potentials in a new environment? Really? That was not the character arc at all. She was seeing potential in her...
Most entrepreneurs are like this :P But we still persist. If you have tried it and failed, maybe it just wasn't the right business. You just have to stick with it long enough until it is big enough...
Or maybe you're just reading all of that stuff between the lines because you are an intuitive :tongue:  The Myers & Briggs Foundation - Sensing or Intuition  Maybe that you read the sensing...
Well, I mean, if you really wanted to, you could type that bouncing lamp that's in the Pixar logo. Doesn't mean that the typing will have any basis or meaning :P I think you do have to draw the line...
Riley is completely typeable. If one is to argue which characters are not typeable it would be the emotions. If they are purely just one emotion, they do not have enough of a psyche to have a...
Nope, completely accurate for me, and for all thinkers unless they are complete thinker-style denial :P The brain is literally ruled by feels. This is what Pixar got so right and made this such an...
Yeah, just saw it, man was that an amazing movie, and well-executed to boot. Every psychologist/cognitive scientist's fantasy. It made my week for sure.   Anyway............. not sure that you can...
It's neurodivergent not neurodiverse. Must message these people right away :P  Your neurodiverse (Aspie) score: 148 of 200 Your neurotypical (non-autistic) score: 49 of 200 You are very...
Can anyone really type Ethan Craft? :P  I think that Gordo can be typed but he's just tricky. I'm leaning INTJ right now. He has an odd sense of knowing for a middle schooler.   Lizzie is...
Well thanks there for the spoilers :th_sur::laughing: But really I could see this duo typing working. I would believe ENFP for Hiro before ENTP.... maybe what I was reading before as his brand of...
I was just watching that one episode where Spongebob doesn't want to clock out of work because he finds it so sad and all, but is comforted by the fact that once he'll get home he'll reenact and...
Otto exemplifies Se, Reggie exemplifies Te, Sam exemplifies Ti, and Twister.... well I'm actually not sure about Twister.  Otto: ESTP Reggie: ExTJ Sam (Squid): INTP Twister: xSFP
Have you actually tried showing him how the logic of his arguments is flawed? He might respond to that more than simply being told the error of his ways in an emotional tone. I'm mildly autistic, and...
Feelers aren't more warm/friendly. That is a myth, particularly when dealing with Fi.   Thinkers may be mistaken for more introverted than they are but no they aren't any more so.
Yeah MBTI so far doesn't have the most stellar record of scientific validity. That is because the indicator itself has a pretty high rate of mistype...... that's why it is just an indicator, it kind...
I've never had an employer formally assess my personality, but if they ever do, I'm an ENTJ :th_wink:
LOL what? Since when is loving to try new things equivalent to must have tried things like drinking and always putting yourself in situations that nearly kill you? Drinking seems boring as heck to...
How much of a role do letters play in determining the alphabet?  If you consistently identify with Ne and don't identify with Fi that much that just doesn't line up with INFP at all. No matter how...
I've been assimilated. It's too late.......... gallop for your livessssssssssss!
I sent you a private message on the matter, just to be safe. Thank you for the help in advance!
Or is it really just a sample of the bans that are listed in that sub forum? Over the years here I've noticed many instances of members who are banned but do not have a listing there. I understand...
The eternal inferior Si / dominant Ne struggle. All of this points toward ENTP and none of it points towards introversion, so I don't know what the dilemma here is.
Yeah I don't think there is a mutually exclusive dichotomy here.....  I didn't identify with any of it:  You Have Tendency Not To Rely on Top/Tendency Not To Rely on Bottom Which Means You...
This is what wide circles of acquaintances are for. No human being can handle 100% of all 500 sides of me nor should I ever expect them to.
This level of MBTI abuse is why we can't have nice things.
Fire, Canyon, the name Digital Blasphemy which is completely brilliant and I'm totally jealous of, little grove of trees that would definitely be one of my secret hideouts, river runs through........
Ni is overrated as the world domination function. Ni may have the vision, but Ne has seven micro visions, and one of them is ending world hunger through controlling weather patterns and allowing...
You've got this all backwards. This is all the makings of the World Ruler, it is the TJ sidekick who is going to help to make sure the world doesn't fall into complete chaos....
Let's face it, ENTPs are the only ones who will be able to throw away the rules and multitask enough for this to work. That, and harnessing the resources of the galaxy without angering the aliens....
LOL, it really is like MMORPG rankings :D I find it all fascinating, and not even close enough to scientific to be considered pseudoscience. It's more of a spiritual philosophy of sorts.
I think I'm just about converted to the INTP side for him. It lines up better than ISTJ and a whole lot better than INTJ. One just has to keep in mind that INTPs aren't fully P - they are Ti dominant...
Lightworker and ENTP.  I would've liked to have known by what margin though. I already knew I would score as something special because I'm a rainbow crystal indigo person and can see the future...
71 masculine  56 feminine  55 androgynous
Well now that this movie's out on DVD maybe someone else knows what to make of the characters? I'm surprised no one has guessed ESTP or ESFP for Hiro. Sure he's an inventor, but that might just be...
Yeah Kuzco is ESxP. The T/F is honestly a really tough call with him. Patcha (the peasant frenemy) I see as ISFJ as well. His wife strikes me as a thinking type of some sort, though maybe not...
eHarmony is a multimillion dollar industry in itself. Of course it is going to trash some of its main potential for competition :P
^ I would guess 6w7   Moi? 288282
You must be one of those Fi Ni INFPs I was talking about. Or an Ni Fi INFJ. Who knows? But yeah in the case of a strong introverted auxiliary function (in an introvert) that would create such a...
99% of the time I see it as white and gold. One time, I scrolled to it and saw it as black and blue, but when I scrolled back up to the picture it was permanently white and gold again.   This is...'"


2205: 'Hahaha what are you even talking about? I thought the same thing about your Are we incompetent? thread. You seem frustrated by what you consider your failings, and have passed them off as just...
My mistake then. Didn't realise there was a backstory.   I wasn't really trying to tear you down with that comment, and neither was I trying to build you up to be a better person. I was more...
Haha, I always find it weird when internet people question other people's types when no one's asked for it. You can't honestly believe you're able to make a completely accurate judgement of someone's...
Satire is the use of exaggeration and irony to highlight and criticise someone's stupidity, so I hope you can understand why satirising yourself to show your own failings might have confused me. ...
Haha but I totally gave you a pokey-tongue smiley. It was partly a joke, but in any case it was more that you were freaking out and making an ass of yourself over perceived typism against...
Haha I really don't understand this thread. OP was sort of funny, but the humour was a little forced. And then where did the rest of the thread come from?   @UglierBetty obviously has some serious...
Cool idea! Dot-point 4 makes it fall apart though, because antimatter has been discovered haha. A positron is the antimatter equivalent of the electron, and was discovered in 1932. If memory serves I...
ISTPs are all well and good. They have the stereotype of being total bad-asses (ENTPs obviously trump them, but we'll save that argument for another day). But zombie apocalypse survival isn't about...
Barnum/Forer effect, cold reading, list of cognitive biases.  Now say it after me: Zo-di-ac is to-tal whack.  Also, maybe it's just me, but there seems to be more threads about ENTPs and ENFPs...
My sincerest apologies then. I thought your post gave the sense you were trying to speak from experience. If that's not the case, then just ignore what I said; it can be for the next actual bragging...
I don't like your reply for several reasons. The biggest being that you seem to be implicitly implying that you've experienced this pain of being a genius. Which is just a subtle way to brag, haha ...
I submit to you, in order that your mind and worldview may be expanded:  Wikipedia's List of Common Misconceptions, and also their List of Cognitive Biases. That's two days of solid reading and...
What I find really sad is that there is apparently so many people with 'genius' level IQ (commonly stated as above 140), but they're really normal people when you talk to them.  I went to a school...
Serious question: If you had to choose a superpower and an animal, which superpowered animal would you be?  If you answer unicorn because this thread said unicorn, I'm revoking your creative...
Ok, wow, stop. Ultimatum is definitely going to lose him. If not now, then eventually. Actually, can people just stop using them entirely? Don't even check someone's type to see if it's ok. People...
Found this: ENTP Lunatic | Oddly Developed Types  And thought it was pretty cool.  But it begs the question, how would you actually survive an apocalyptic scenario?  Think of this thread as a...
Well no, because the thing I fear is being in excruciating pain and then dead, haha. If just the freedom aspect was the issue, then life imprisonment would be hypothetically worse, right? Your...
What? The idea of losing your freedom is your worst fear? I'm sorry, but your creativity seems to be lacking.  My worst fear is having all my fingers and toes eaten by velociraptors one by one, and...
Geez, I totally agree, a clean up is in order. Younger ENTPs seem to use the LOVE and HATE threads to show off all the reasons that make them assholes.  Stick: Ideas and Stream of Consciousness...
I'm sure we've all come up with our own ideas that we unfortunately just can't seem find proper justification for anywhere else. Well here's a thread to let your brainchild run loose and see if it...
Aha maybe you should magic up one of your lists to get more of the ENTPs in on this. This thread was a great idea, haha
Hahaha my goodness! This is a beautifully crafted string of insults. Not kidding, I think I'm in love.    And was that a Shakespeare reference? Quite the catch, I must say.
Haha, are you looking for a list? It's definitely a great blessing to have had the chance to see the world. I like to think that it's expanded my perspective on life. Also, I totally ooze...
Haha, well I'm 19 and I've traveled to every continent except Antarctica, as well as 23 different countries. What's your point? Underachiever means to me that you're performing beneath what you're...
I'm sure you meant 'never understood' as something that all humans experience due to their nature as complex and varied individuals. People don't even fully understand themselves, so it's almost...
Wow, I'm impressed! Unfortunately UXDork your lone link to the google search results for skeptic jesus isn't going to fly, haha. Christians and Atheists can at least agree that your response is...
Well, it might be cool to take him as one of our own, but I don't know if I can totally agree with Jesus the ENTP. Everyone gets pissed off at hypocrisy, I thought. I'm with you in saying that a lot...
I really don't understand what's happening in this thread. I'll agree that UB argues weirdly for an ENTP. Also, I'm not going to count, but you seemed to use the word 'disingenuous' enough times to...
I see how an argument for NTPs being better at scrabble could be made, but personally, I much prefer chess. The way I play, it's all about looking at how different scenarios will play out and then...
Yes. But you know what's worse?  Baby poop.  Has the consistency and colour of smooth peanut butter. Often has hard chunks in it thanks to their weaker digestive system. Smells horrible....
Fight me. Skub ranks below baby vomit and just barely above smooth peanut butter.
Ah, I see. Nothing I disagree with then, all things being equal. I was thinking more practically that rarely in life are all things so even.
I would like to see proof of this, actually. The idea makes some sense intuitively, in that having a different focus will tend to make you better at dealing with that sort of information than someone...
He falls under the creepy ones, rather than evil Slytherins, haha.
Sorry, sorry. Scrap my idea. Let's go with yours, haha
Every single Death Eater, and even Dolores Umbridge the most hated woman on the planet, was a Slytherin. Slytherin is almost entirely made up of either totally evil, or entirely creepy people. Is...
Oh, you're the guy who subscribes to the socionics dual ISFp or mbti ISFJ being an ENTP's best match, right? I'm pretty sure there are a few threads on that topic too, and mostly how it doesn't work...
I'm not sure how well my views correlate with type, but regret is for weaker people, no? It's being anxious about things that have already happened, which to me seems pointless in the extreme. Don't...
Hahaha, I wouldn't worry too much. Stuff like this will still vary from person to person, regardless. I make a point of not challenging deeply held beliefs unless it's getting in my way or is harmful...
Legends tell of a time before time, a world inhabited by the Others; people who looked ENTP to the eye, but whose mind and behaviour was as varied as it was strange. Stories and myths passed down...
ThisSiteIsDictatorship By all means, I respect your right to leave. But I thought I should just point out that the ban on digitalbum is apparently only for a month. It'd be sad to see you go :sad:....
Ah, crap. I've totally just snookered myself into thanking anything posted on this thread from now on.
Wow, I think I've given like 15 thanks in total? Alright wait, let me fix that.
If you could choose to be an animal, and have a superpower, what would your superpowered animal be?
Good points by everyone. I would like to build on the idea that the definition of 'intelligence' in this case is an NT concept, which is to say IQ and GA tests are just geared towards testing what...
That's sort of the point. These are supposed to be the statistics for a new generation where the distribution has undergone a shift.  Also, I believe that people may be typing others as ESFJs way...
Skimmed quickly over and I thought the title read: 'Are any of you ENTPs perverted extroverts? And I was wondering if that meant being overtly perverted in humour and behaviour. That would've been...
In my experience, every single ISFJ I've met are right up there as some of the nicest people I've had the pleasure of knowing. INFJs are a little more hit and miss. And I have noticed that NFs I'm...
Pelopra Just gotta say, love your avatar. Paranatural is the best webcomic on the net.  And can we have invasions semi-regularly? An INFJ invasion may be fun, but ENTJs are sorta smug in thinking...
The glass is a figment of my imagination. And so are all of you.  I subscribe to solipsism. The idea that everything exists only in the mind :tongue:'"


2207: 'when i play plague inc
Haha you are a twin of a cat forced to live in the others shadow
Sports are pretty boring on a professional level (like watching sports) but i like playing some sports like basketball and tennis. Hmmmm... I also think piercings (other than ear and belly button)...
I only rage when i go past my limit
Is anyone into making music?
Tosh.0 is one of my favorite shows. Daniel is pretty funny. Regarding his mbti, i think hes a ESTP. What do you guys think?
i personally like adventurous books. such as City of Thieves and Artemis Fowl
His humor is very ENXP-like
Wow  i totally forgot Scrubs 30 rock and workaholics
He is a very awesome musician. I can guess is that he is an EXXX.  Also other RATM members like Tom Morrello, Timmy C, and Brad Wilk. I'd like to figure them out. Any help?
How would you type the Gallagher family and their friends?
likewhores on facebook piss me off
What TV shows do my fellow ENTPs like?  I personally like Shameless Futurama Ninja Warrior Tosh.0 Daily show/Colbert Report Its always sunny in Philidelphia South Park
no order   Forest Gump Chronicle District 9 Its Kind of a funny story Superbad Mars Attacks Alien The 5th Element
haha, There are no Helpers as the core type
Oops i meant 7w6, 9w8, 3w2
Ratatat if they count
Oh like the first few episodes
Full Metal Alchemist
That i can never stick with something
Ive been here for about a week and i was wondering how do i make a poll? Please help.
Elfhunter57: 7w8, 9w8, 3w2
Charlie: ISFP Mac: ESTJ Dee: ENFJ Dennis: ENTJ Frank: ESTP
Undone (The Sweater Song) - Weezer
I thought that Its kind of a funny story was very interesting. It made me think a lot.
thanks soo much
i added a profile picture but whenever i comment on a picture i dont see it. i only see it on my profile can someone explain to me what is going on?
i think NFs are the stereotypical most passionate type but as i said stereotypical so its not true for all cases. Also thinkers can be passionate about a lot of things
btw do u guys know why my picture isn't showing?
ok thanks to both of you its something that i really wanted to know for a while now
I've been wondering about this for a while and haven't gotten far.  Are any types more likely to be liberal? Are any types more likely to be conservative? tell me your thoughts I'm interested.'"


2208: 'http://www.politicalcompass.org/printablegraph?ec=-3.50&soc=-5.95  Economic Left/Right: -3.50 Social Libertarian/Authoritarian: -5.95
Most are like that, I'm the same way. If you read characteristics of a gifted child and add in the extroversion, it will almost sound like an ENTP description.
How did American cell phone providers come behind bankers? A 2 year contract for using a phone? Really?  I would also add the 90% of Republicans in the house and senate that are bought out by...
Before I drive.
Any fine motor things,like writing and eating, I'll do with my left. Basically everything else I'll do with my right, because it's so much stronger.    Rafa isn't ambi. He is right handed, but...
March 7th Urban Dictionary Word of the Day
http://www.ashtonisvulcan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/portal2releasedate.jpg
You're entitled to your own opinion, but it's still wrong
http://www.politicalcompass.org/facebook/pcgraphpng.php?ec=-3.62&soc=-5.03
Not in college, but I will probably major in some form of engineering, chemistry, or possibly economics
Logical-Mathematical  Careers which suit Logical-Mathematical thinkers include Physicist, Chemist, Biologist, Lawyer, Computer programmer, Engineer, Inventor  This seems like me. I always seek...
You know you're an INTP when you have neither a boyfriend, a guy who has a crush on you, someone stalking you and someone your in love with
You know you're a INTP when your method of procrastination consists of researching how procrastination works.
http://www.jewishjournal.com/images/bloggers_auto/jon_stewart-1.jpg
I love soccer the most, followed by football and basketball  It's hard to watch soccer for me because I live in the U.S. and I like to Barca and the Arsenal, but I watch as much as I can. Football...
Any ABC comedy is just awful.  NBC on the other hand...
I don't think I've played anything but FIFA for the last month.  RPGs like Fallout, Mass Effect and Elder Scrolls are always good.
People who can't understand sarcasm.  Half of the people I know understand my humor, and the other half think I'm a conceited douche.
You could make a case that Matt Damon was an ENTP, and probably half of the roles he's had too.
Most of the people in this thread probably aren't lying when they say they have 140 IQs. This website already attracts people that are smarter than average, and most of the people that bothered to...
I'm not paticularly patriotic the the U.S. right now for obvious reasons, but I don't get why some people think patriotism is a ridiculous idea. By many people's logic you could argue that it''s...
I don't really like porn, though it's hard to explain why (and probably none of you care) I'm fine with it, but it does nothing for me.  For something to work, it has to be genuine, and realistic....
No drugs for me. Don't want to deal with the consequences and I know that if I start using them I will be no happier than I was before.  It might end up smoking weed a couple times with my friends...
Some people believe that Charlie Darwin started the theory of evolution? :dry:
1 down, 1.6 billion to go
Wasn't really meant to be taken seriously. Through freshman year in high school I had one B (grade lowered 5% because I forgot an assignment) and A's otherwise  But basically I've noticed that in...
fixed it  The two extremes are not that smart and and conformist. You have to find the right balance.
Personality type based on GPA:  3.0> Bad work ethic, not very smart (ISTP, ESTP, ESJP, ISFP) or very smart, and very rebellious (any NT too good for school) 3.1-3.5- Execellent work ethic, even...
You think referees are abusive bureaucrats
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFjoEgYOgRo  The longest stream of ignorance I have ever seen ever. Try not to take it too seriously.
Could you please explain why you think that? I don't see any reason to think your an INTP. Most of the stuff you said about yourself is very ENTP.
I'm very similar you. I always thought I was introverted until a psychologist told me that I was extremely extroverted, pointing out that I expressed almost everything I thought.  Extroverts tend to...
http://images.starpulse.com/Photos/Previews/Asher-Roth-u05.jpg  Asher Roth much?
Basically that. Internet tests are completely different though. When I took an IQ test there seemed to be a lot more subjective evaluation.   I really just quoted this as excuse to point out that I...
It's part of the pyramid, theres just not enough room for it.
Unreliable wi-fi networks.
Don't question authority Everyone is entitled to their own opinion Why can't you be more obedient? Can you prove that it doesn't exist??
Depends on the game. I can't take Call of Duty that seriously, but Battlefield is where winning counts.
People who actually care.
Why did the drinking fountain get arrested? For being drunk in public.
I'm really good at math, it's always been so easy for me. A lot of it is because it's really easy for me to recognize the logic behind different formulas, so I never really have trouble remembering...
When someone's response to your argument is everyone is entitled to their own opinion. I don't care if your entitled to your own opinion, it's still wrong.
Aren't you guys jealous :)  I know I'm not an INTP, but if I had to answer I would choose ENTJ or INTP. I would never get rid of the NT, I have some kind of attachment to it. I would prefer E and...
You when create imaginary debates with other people in your head, think of an absolutely killer argument, and then get upset because you'll never be able to use it.
This is not the case for me, same goes for a large amount of atheists too. I have never had religion forced on me, and while I do have a frustration with religion, it's because of how irrational and...
You probably said it a lot better than I did. I'm not even talking about knowing the history of politics, I'm talking about just having a knowledge for how the system works in general.  So much of...
Edit: Misread post. My bad  Since I have this free space I might as well volunteer.
Liberal socially and economically.   Somewhat unrelated, I wish there was something that put restrictions on who could vote, especially when 50% of the population doesn't have any idea what the...
Well your no fun.
http://www.yourfunnystuff.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/06/if-you-could-reason-with-religious-people.jpg'"


2224: 'I'm working on that. I'm doing the part where I slow talking speed down so people feel more relaxed. Got to reach the feeling of comfort even if other person doesn't speak. Ah that will be...
Likewise.  When there's silence in someones company...I feel the need to talk even more than usual so I don't feel exposed. :) I can only be quiet with really good friend, that know me well.
Yeah people say that I'm a very changed person comparing to last year.   sinistralpal *hug* love ya too. XD (lets have a moment here!)
I listen to others at first and it's not hard for me to ask for some sorth of help. But then I get better than them and I have no problem with  anything. :D
Mantis I would let you be my trophy GF...and let you get as grumpy and gloomy for as long as you wanted! :wink:  Intp women are the best...no more words needed.
I will agree with you.
Same here. But it's probably never other way around lol. XD
176 cm. :D  Do you wish you were shorter or taller? No. I like being tall.    Does height influence who you're attracted to, your confidence, or your posture etc? Yes, I'm usually attracted to...
I find some truth in your comments. I was like that several years ago. Everybody liked me and enjoyed my company but no-one really knew me (I didn't mind that). They often told me that i'm an ice...
Well I don't really think this is  how it goes. I wake up ... lay in bed some more, don't think about anything if I have a day off. If I don't, I curse the day that man invented routine and I get all...
Ravenclaw indeed. :D
Photos, some LPs, woofer and other speakers, psychology book, pathology and intern medicine book.
I woke up and figured that I forgot to go to the dentist yesterday, that I lost my insurance card and have to get new one made, and forgot to fill out some forms for university. :D
http://img188.imageshack.us/img188/2917/entpcleaning.jpg  ...
I think I'm more of a selector then. :)
I don't like to be touched. I find it difficult when friends hug me when they say goodbye... I just get stiff and awkward. :)
Fashion is one of the things I kinda like. The photography, imagination, creations and similar stuff. Tho I don't let that effect my own life and style. I have totally casual style, tho I like to see...
I'm glad we have this clear. :)
Dear god... these songs are brilliant.
Oh yes moving on or stop caring could be two more options. Well suicide would be an option too...but I don't recommend it...I heard that it kills you O.O .
Hmmm...I guess this was intended to me, though I wrote somewhat same thing in my second post.  We can deliborate this on and on but in real life...majority has the power. Of course people should...
Lol. People say that women shouldn't have rooms like this. Guess that changes if you're an entp woman. I had 3 comptures in my room last week, and with wires eveywehre just like in the photo. Well I...
Aerosmith - Dream on
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nxGF5IRTHg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDYxgDO5bCI   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwWQYg7aS5o   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnQntM-rtDE
Lol. We came so far that women can't even pick their own sex toys by themselves? XD
These kind of parties exist? O.O  Ok maybe people of the western countries do that, but I sure haven't heard of anything like it here. lol. I'm kinda glad. I know two ENTJs ... they don't seem to...
And there is another way...some European countries give scolarships to foregin students...and even the schooling is free. At least it is in my country. And apartments are probably cheaper here than...
Joni Mitchell - Cold Blue Steel and Sweet Fire
I love musicals. As you could expect from my avatar...my favorite  musical is Cats. Since always I think.  Beside this one I also adore Phantom of the opera, Hair, Tanz Der  Vampire, West side story...
Well puberty does that to some people. Girl..stop whining and do something. If you haven't got money for college...work, save it and then on go to study psychology. No one is determined by the...
I like sports. I like to push the limits to test how much my body can handle.  So I'm quite very good at table tennis, tennis, basketball, football. Although I perfer individual sports. And I like ...
INFJs don't sound so bad also. But yes...this entj description suits them very well. lol it's turning me on just reading about it. >_< argh
I almost never cry. Not even at funerals. When I'm really pissed of I distract myself with ploting a revenge.  Now that was a lie...I shead a tear or two when I listen to beautiful songs or watch...
Oh yes I can relate to that. lol  My moto: What you can do today...rather just do it tomorrow, because tomorrow you can delay it on the day after tomorrow.
Hmmm...I would hire an assassin to kill me when I least expect it. I just don't know yet if I'd perfer a bullet in my head or messy kill with the most awesome weapon of all...samurai katana.   Or...
Rationalization or intelectualization perhaps?  When (like you said mostly with outgoing types)  you talk to people you tend to stay quiet and seem shy...and you even encurage it. Some people just...
It surprises me how good I remember peoples faces...but not their names or dates  But when I talk about someone with my friends I always get the exact picture of his/her face infront of me (even if...
Yes! And this persons sexual imagination has no limits and never runs out of physical energy (must be the pride or something). I can only say...the best sex you'll ever have probably haha.  I'm not...
agokcen I share your problems lol.
I tend to forget things that I shouldn't forget in every day life. Such as...forgeting stuff everywhere I go (like umbrellas, cards..ID, health insurance card, cellphone, keys...) and I almost always...
http://www.coolinarika.com/repository/images/_variations/3/2/32d70df4b8d3bab3dcbe5b8f75be8e1c_blowup_vegeta.jpghttp://www.shrani.si/f/2w/bf/2W446hdv/5e9e515dc9f1f98fdcd8f82d.jpg...
Russian anthem is my favorite. I prefer it in russian language. I also like French.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZ9lhoo8fZo  And I really like the melody of this one (Japanese) ...
Maybe you just are stupid...and you use these arguments as defence mechanisms :/ .
I know one. She's a die-hard scientist, with which even I can't have a normal conversation. She just has this strange answers and some of them are supposed to be funny (I think I do keep on with...
I know the most wild person, filled with sexual energy that is ENTJ. Hope you other entjs are like that. Cause this energy is just awesome!
Just pass the begining to the   0:36  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkL8-N2I5T0
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Well my ex did call me an ice queen...and friends say that I have no angry or sad impressions when in that kind of mood. But I sure do show happiness because I tend to laugh and smile a lot. :) And...
So i've been reading your arguments (Phantom and skycloud)...not all because I didn't feel like reading so much text with more or less same content. It's clear that you two have completely different...'"


2233: 'Someone may have already stated this, but as there are five or six different tests used to measure IQ, and not all use the same standard of deviation. So, even if we were to make the assumption...
In Douglas Adams' Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, the answer to that question, as most people know, is 42. Countless people have spent countless hours trying to figure out what Adams meant by...
I agree. As I wrote in the second paragraph...   [COLOR=#333333]  The first paragraph was in reference to a previous post in which someone claimed to be arrogant. That claim was what initially...
You cannot apply a uniform set of characteristics to each individual within a type. In other words, just because ENTPs share the same type does not mean they share the exact same qualities. While we...
Do you disbelieve everything you don't completely understand? Or is it that you completely believe in everything as you understand it?  In other words, neither an argument from ignorance nor the...
Exactly. That was my point. Apologies if I wasn't clear. It was meant to illustrate that you can't necessarily judge whether or not an individual has a predilection for extraversion or introversion...
Don't most people believe that some version of doomsday will eventually occur, be it by natural catastrophe (asteroid), self-annhilation (nuclear war), or the wrath of a supreme being (as told in...
Or maybe I should take a class on butchering meat? For, you know, livestock. Or something.
Should I maybe look into buying a large capacity barrel barbecue? Let's say, oh I don't know, one big enough to fit a human body in.
What exactly leads you to believe that ENTPs prepare for anything?   I can't think of a single instance in which I spent more than an hour in preparation for something.
This a thousandfold. I swear, it's as if they think their emotion-based subjectivity is objective truth.   ENFPs can truly be the worst.
The reason why is, because there is no reason.
I have a friend that splits time between Mendocino, CA, and Big Sur, CA (where I live) that will occasionally give out acid to his closer friends. All this requires is obtaining some sugar cubes....
I am an unequivocally and ENTP and this happens to me with some frequency.   Maybe this is more due to my occasional misanthropy. People can be so insufferably rude, illogical, and dull and my...
I'm sure most of you already know that the two share the same functions in a similar order. No one is completely E or I, so using that as a measure is not exactly reliable. I see main difference...
The feeling is mutual. Conversations with an INTP are highly engaging, except for the other types involved, who generally look a bit lost.
Really, the way I see this is not as a joke at all. It's about having the best of both worlds. Why limit yourself by adopting a this or that mentality? Plus, boredom is the death of me, so let me...
ENTPs are logically random.   Edit: And randomly logical.
Not really. When hanging out with friends that are ENTPs, it's like we have our own language, so you can make an obscure joke about something and they'll understand it while others around you think...
Give me acid or give me death, for I do not care to live in a world I am oblivious to...
I thought you were asking us what type we hated the most, or What are ENTPs' most hated type? Not, ENTPs: the most hated type?. Punctuation is a valuable asset when attempting to communicate to...
So, so true.  I am literally emotionally intelligent.   A close friend of mine once told me, completely out of the blue, You don't feel emotion with your heart, you feel it with your brain. She...
It appears that people don't understand what the word arrogant actually means. It is an exaggerated sense of one's own self worth. Admitting to being arrogant is essentially saying that you...
I wrote this a few days ago for no reason at all other than to illustrate how the feeling of overwhelming insignificance when staring at the night sky is a comforting and valuable perspective. Things...
I know, how about I tell you about why I don't believe in randomness or free will and that chaos is actually the illusion generated by infinitely complex order, that really everything can be...
Some people are so mortifyingly boring that all I can think about is how they came to be that way. That's interesting, but in a negative integer sort of way.     It certainly is, but there really...
But how did you honestly feel about it?
Oops, I let the smart-ass get ahead of me and wasn't paying attention.   After a few minutes of reading her entry on Wikipedia, watching a moment of your first video, and applying what I already...
Oh, and why are you majoring in something that bores you (computer engineering) and not in something you love (psychology)? It sounds like you need to be studying less boolean and more brain. ...
This is exactly why I dropped out of college. I couldn't deal with the monotony of core curriculum and ditching class to do something that was actually mentally stimulating was a much better idea. A...
Exactly. Excuse me, reality? Check, please.   It sounds like a case of Ne gone wild and negating Si to the point it doesn't function at all. What exactly is there to doubt? If you receive good...
How? By not concerning myself with an emotional state based primarily on the subjective values of a society driven by machoism. That's how.   When you say, feel like a man all I can think of is...
As Ayn Rand wrote:     Yep. That's it.
The less intelligent an individual is, the easier it is to manipulate them. Men that are intelligent (as if intelligence was singular in scope instead of multi-faceted) are drawn to unintelligent...
You must be an xxTP for the link to function. Change the personality type in your profile settings and try again.
One last thing.  I can ramp up the absurdity and Ne-explode in a fit of topic creation if needed. You know, as a kind of aerially-delivered flame retardant to Digital Bum's front page wildfire.  ...
Also, I just realized that the coupling of my avatar with my username might lead people to believe I am two different people. One named Elsewhere and another named Otherwise.   Not so. We are just...
Buy a subscription to Ti Build Mag today! Learn for yourself the secrets of learning for yourself! Perfect for the xxTP in your life! Only four easy payments of $9.99! BUY NOW!
ENTP Forum- The Deities is, without question, the best description. The most accurate and fair, too.
(May as well post this over here as this is clearly the more relevant (and rewritten) of the two threads on this same subject.)  To answer your question: Both the field of criminal psychology and...
To answer your question: Both the field of criminal psychology and that of industrial-organizational (such as the military) psychology require a Master's Degree at minimum*. That is roughly four...
As was I, in large part due to growing up with my gregarious, conversationally narcissistic ENFP of a father. He would dominate any social interaction, including those with my friends, even at a...
That was about the age my peers began teasing me for having girly handwriting.
I have somewhat schizophrenic handwriting. It is in a constant state of change - lowercase, uppercase, large, small, whatever. I'm not entirely sure why, other than as some sort of artistic...
Sure, why not?   7w6, 4w5, 9w8 - so/sx/sp
The same thing said the same way twice.
All of the personality descriptions you've read are derived from the functions of the ENTP. The order is key when comparing ENTPs (Ne, TI) with INTPs (Ti, Ne). Both types are intelligent, intuitive...
Now it's Daniel Kahneman on The Riddle of Experience vs. Memory.
Listening to Richard Dawkins' TedTalk Militant Atheism and smoking cigarettes.
Yes, indeed. Quality programming all around.   Fresh Air with Terry Gross offers some of the best interviews I have heard on any media format.   This American Life by Ira Glass is visceral,...'"


2239: 'Isn't that description just too accurate to handle?  Honestly, I think a lot of what strains INTJ-ENTP relationships is passive aggression. The dynamic doesn't often get marked at such, but I've...
I think that while ENTPs are good at theatricality, we tend to be shallow actors. There are probably plenty of exceptions, but the trend seems to be that all ENTPs in Hollywood gravitate to...
Eh, just be an optimistic pessimist. Things are undoubtedly fucked up, but you'll always be OK if you just let yourself see the comedy in tragedy.
I typically don't find new shows, I just revisit shows I already know I like.   My old favorites are:  Monk (2002-2009) Monk (TV series) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Touching series about...
A wise younger Airbender named Aang once said, The monks used to say that revenge is like a two-headed rat-viper. While you watch your enemy go down, you're being poisoned yourself.
As I look around my room, I see: storage boxes filled with sentimental objects I need to either dispose of or sale; books in various places; wall decorations that feature Jonas Salk, Harry Potter,...
This forum is more user friendly that most, if not all, forums I've been on. Not saying it's perfect, but it's not too bad.
The way I see it, people who seem themselves as percentages don't fully understand the theory (not to say that I do).  All ENTPs will have SOME ESTP tendencies. I'd rather be an ESTP, I think.
Reciprocation
I don't really consider myself an ambivert but I tend to be happier when I'm alone, despite being an extrovert. It'd odd.
I'm an ENTP. I love learning foreign languages but have little follow through if I'm not in a formal classroom setting. I speak a decent amount of Spanish, a tiny bit of Japanese, even less...
@fourtines  I don't really have any questions, I'd just like to say that this thread makes you a new addition to my list of favorite people on PC.
I'd agree and say ENTP purely on the basis of relating to everything you've said. Elaboration on my behalf seems pointless, as the others have done a fabulous job of it.
I let people underestimate me, then when they're least expecting it, I punch them in the face with my accomplishments.  LOL JK I've done nothing important with my life. But in theory, this is what...
I like using Facebook. Sister's a military wife with five kids that I only get to see once a year, so I get a lot of enjoyment out of seeing photos of the kids. She posts some stupid stuff, but I...
@CatchTwenty2wo  Thank you for your feedback.  You know, I did originally think that way, but now I feel significantly detached from those fears. It wasn't as much a relationship problem as it...
5 on English Literature/Composition, 4 on Psychology (self-study)  School quality is so-so. Receiving a 4/5 isn't the standard for any test, but it's not incredibly unusual. Most kids end up with a...
I agree with you to an extent, but there is a pretty fatal flaw in your reasoning; you assume that the poor understand what they're doing. The wealthy, well-educated and trained to act in their...
Nice poem! I like the biting undercurrent.  My mother raised my three siblings and I on welfare while dealing with my alcoholic father. She decided she wanted a better life for us, so she worked...
I love having a clean room, but... I won't pretend that happens often.
Thank you, series0. I thought I was setting myself up for general responses, but your advice is actually quite accurate and applicable.  Even though I didn't initially see it in this light, I think...
Before you complain that there is another relationship thread, I'll just come out and apologize for that right off the bat. I'm clearly pretty desperate if I'm willing to seek advice from a group of...
I mean, perhaps it could be argued that atheism becomes a religion to SOME people; religion doesn't have to be an organized faith, it can really be any principle that one is devout to. But atheism,...
This does hold some validity, but not with the light you're trying to shine on it. Gays are the only minority in America who still face quasi-justified systematic oppression, why wouldn't they feel a...
This thread is a glowing example of why religious debates are fucking retarded. I'll proudly profess my beliefs and gladly allow you to do the same; that is, of course, until your shit beliefs...
But if all of the reasonable people left America, the crazies would be the ones in control of the most powerful country on earth. Oh wait. ;)
Be fair. It's probably more to do with objectivity vs. subjectivity than simpleness vs. complexity.
I mean, who is willing to argue against relative importance? Obviously, there is no universal standard for such a thing. I kind of think more along the lines of tearing down oppressive,...
LOL NO. Where do you even live? Heaven? I'm from a really small, really Conservative suburb on the Bible Belt in Texas. I don't feel effectively oppressed (this is still America), but I do feel...
What? We can't even quantify the universe, much less understand it. Neuroscience is, undoubtedly, one of the most multifaceted and fascinating fields, but I find it funny that humans are so quick to...
Not sure if anyone has brought this up yet, but I'm too lazy to look. Sorry if I'm being a repetitive biotch!  This is a pretty fascinating study: Love, eye contact and the developmental origins...
Yeah, I mean, anyone who tells you they've never felt sexually attracted to someone of the same sex is probably lying. I'm personally not driven to have sex/relationships with women, but I'm sure my...
Because humanity, on a larger scale, is fucking cool. The accomplishments we can make as a society are truly inspiring. On a personal level, I adore people and our worthless little societal...
It really is an interesting phenomena, isn't it? I'd rather not be simpleminded about it, but my instinct tells me that people are uncomfortable with their own desires. Bisexuality kind of...
Why? Because they're insecure in their own thoughts; they need to rely on scriptures that they believe to be inherently true.
Did I touch a sore spot? People are clearly not proud of the fact that  they don't believe in God; theist aren't proud of believing in God  either. The pride is in the implications of the belief,...
Ignorance breeds contentment with mediocrity.
The very premise of this post is simply obnoxious and unnecessary. The better question is: why is anyone proud of anything?  I can say for myself that the closest I am to being proud of anything...
Example: my oldest sister's name is Darla Jean. They all have very southern sounding names.    Ha! That reminds me of the fact that my friend's cousin is named Moonshine.
I dunno. I'm the only sibling without a white-trash name and I'm probably going to be the most successful. I'm always paranoid about sharing my name on the internet because it's quite an uncommon...
Truer words have never been spoken.  An ISFP once developed a really strong crush on me. Honestly, I had momentary considerations of dating him, but then he would be mopey and sweet and just...
I think I speak for all ENTPs when I say, we're not a people with the tolerance to respect authority. I'll take my cues from someone who has proven themselves worthy of being followed, but...
Yeah. Those bitches be cray.  Naturally, I'll have to preface my two cents with: it will always depend on the person. But on the whole, this is not a combination I prefer. There's a pretty strong...
I refuse to speak for all ENTP women, but I'm personally rather simpleminded when it comes to romance. Whether the occasion be a formal dinner or a beer pong tournament, there is no fiber of my being...
Took the SAT again and improved my results:  Critical Reading: 730 Mathematics: 570 Writing: 750 (with a perfect 12 on the essay!) Total: 2050  Not perfect, but at least they went up.
1) The first thing that comes in your mind - Shoes.  2) The first person that comes in your mind - Boyfriend.  3) What do you actually like doing? - Eating.  4) What are your favorite types to...
If you INTJs want another type to gauge your results against, I'm an ENTP and I got 12/20. Pretty average?
Rather like others who posted, I abhor bullies, but I'm one of the biggest teasers I know. I'm kind of like a protective mama bear and an obnoxious older brother all rolled into one.  My boyfriend...
Your proposal is difficult to comprehend. Are you suggesting that you take on a persona when trying to intuitively explain things?
MY ENFP mother thinks I'm occasionally heartless. My INTJ friend thinks I'm too sympathetic.  It's all a matter of perspective.'"


2245: 'A General Introduction To Psychoanalysis by Sigmund Freud.
A HUGE one when I decide to turn on the charm. It's very easy, really, because as ENTPs, we are adaptable and it's so simple to know exactly how to speak/act around certain people to mess with them a...
My Fe is pretty developed, to some extent, at the least. Although I have a tendency to be a bit too apathetic to other's feelings. Supposedly, it is my teenage angst and general dislike for the rest...
I'd like to imagine that I get along with the NTs except the ENTJs, as far as I know, I don't get along with the ENTJs I know very well. My best friend happens to be an INFJ so there you go.
I go on tumblr until I reach my post limit and then mourn over character deaths, watching TV shows till I have to sleep and put off my homework. It doesn't make the boredom go away but hey, I'm a bit...
The way I see it, the thing with ENTPs is that we think about all the possibilities that could happen and it makes it hard to make decisions knowing all the things that could happen. I honestly think...
Oh, just normal things. Not much going on today.  Like murderers, pizza and how much I hate every one.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AlEvy0fJto  Badass classical music.
Went to the bookstore two days ago. Planning on reading the Sherlock Holmes stories, The Hobbit, a book on Marilyn Monroe's death as well as one on Audrey Hepburn's life.
I used to be really upset about how I was nice to people without getting anything back- but eventually I managed to get my head out of my ass. I've come to realise a while ago that you can't - and...
Well first of all, I'm not even old enough to consume alcohol yet, but I have managed to have some now and then, and although it feels fun for awhile, if I drink too much it makes me feel terrible...
I don't wear socks with my shoes.
The one episode my friend showed me was alright. I laughed once during the whole thing. Perhaps I don't find it as funny as it is to most people.
I would like my wedding to be in my backyard or some place like that, my mother the only witness from my family, and the rest, just a few close friends. Lots of alcohol.
I do realise now that I am, indeed, afraid of failing, but that is rather minimal.   I am afraid of space/the universe because it is vast and infinite.   The worst thing, though, is my fear of...
I got INTP a couple of times because dodgy MBTI tests often mistake being anti-social for being introverted.   I got ENFP once.
I
I get bored. Shit happens.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TtyxpRjMwc
Well done.
Ugh. Anything but coffins. Buried the middle of the woods in the suburbs of Ireland; I don't care.
Pssh guys. Brainy's the new sexy.
Took the test thrice:  Score of 16,18 and 17, accordingly.
If I was smart enough I would probably be able to think of some tactics to make me more attractive anyway. Except like most of you I'm already smart and attractive.
I hardly vent but when I do I brutally scar someone extremely hard by screaming and taking everything out on one person. And they'll feel terrible and hate me for the rest of my life.
Wondering if my parents divorce had anything to do with me being an ENTP. If it does then I feel kinda bad since I like being an ENTP. Meh.
You DO exist asdfghjkkl
well I mean most of the ENTPs. The thing with me is that I get interested in a lot of things but then I get bored of it and give up on it. Sometimes I am far too lazy to do anything and get bored....
Guys, I'm flattered.
Excuse my lack of elaboration, I'm rather drowsy. Also, no need to apologise, curiosity is good.    So to start with, I need  guys who are smart like me, or smarter and can discuss and debate...
The grotesque noise of pure boredom radiating from and around me.
I know it's an ENTP thing to get trapped inside the universe of boredom a lot, and it sucks. How do you cope with it?   Personally, I like to groan a lot and complain to my mother about it and...
I don't know about the rest of the ENTP girls, but I just find other people so dull; as they don't make me think or stimulate my mind in any way. I think all the guys that don't want to date me just...
Wearing band/fandom shirts out in public is me hoping that my (non-existent) soul mate that loves all the same things that I do will see my shirt and fall in love with me and marry me and we will...
Mostly lots of Classic Rock, Psychedelic Rock, Alternative Rock, Rock & Roll (The Chuck Berry sort not the poser type) and the sort of Pop/Doo-wop of the 1960's. I like quite a bit of Jazz and stuff...
I do that all the time- I only have two friends, partly because a lot of people don't like me and also partly because I chose to hang out with only those two people. I just think everyone else is...
I can get dates if I want them by acting like the type of girl they like- but I'd rather not because it's boring. But when I act myself? I don't know.. a few guys like it, and I think most of them...
Had that pizza again
About why EVERYTHING IS SO BORING. I'm dying. I have nothing to do.
I only consider two people to be my friends- my best friend an INFP and the other guy a ESFP.
they need to put more m&ms in that. There are far too little in a single packet.
I don't see what's so fantastic and great about my birthday at all - I don't feel special or older, at most I just get a bunch of people I don't care about faking their joy and wishing me A happy...
We sure are fun and interesting, aren't we?
Whatever I feel like and whatever is comfortable enough -  Band shirts, skirts, casual dresses, shorts, whatever. Though most of the time I stick to PJs and isolate myself from the stupidity...
Whatever I feel like and whatever is comfortable enough -  Band shirts, skirts, casual dresses, shorts, whatever. Though most of the time I stick to PJs and isolate myself from the stupidity...
Stay up till 4:30 in the morning and wake up at 1. Decline outings with friends. Sleep. Watch movies. Sleep. And perhaps go overseas with my parent if he has made plans.   Basically- Holidays are...
Perhaps I was stressing it a little bit and it's probably different from every ENTJ. But this is from the ENTJs I know, and perhaps my dad is a little more extreme with it because he actually works...
Pretty funny, us and trying to understand feelings, huh?   Thought quite a bit about George Harrison today- 29th being his death anniversary and all and the fact that I'm a huge Beatles fan.  Also...
Your score: 18 0 - 32 = low (most people with Asperger Syndrome or high-functioning autism score about 20) 33 - 52 = average (most women score about 47 and most men score about 42) 53 - 63 is...
I don't know if this counts, but I kind of have to get this off my chest anyway.   I make guys that like me think that I'm interested in them too because I need the self esteem and I do it for the...'"


2271: 'Use logic against an INTJ (or anti logic) to make them see the ways it's good for them. ENFPs are easily manipulated if you make them think they are manipulating you, like a reverse puppet master.
One, kind of hard to talk to me when you don't know me, so yes, you will not talk to me. Two, you are communicating with me by replying to my post. Three, you ignored my other points, thus implying...
To me, they are more the rule than the exception.
When  I expect an emotional outburst, it's because that's what I am aiming for. Though I can easily relay gentleness, I prefer doing a verbal slap o the face. It's much more effective. Thus, I don't...
I am not seeing where you find that, in this post or the forum. You are heavily generalizing, for one, and trying to speak for ENTP's as an ISFP. The logic is not with you here, nor is emotional...
Step 1: Come out and say it. We like when people take the direct approach. Makes our lives easier, because then we aren't the only ones being direct. Step 2: Don't overplan, we don't generally...
I genuinely concern while wearing a mask. The metaphorical mask only covers up a portion of my metaphorical face.
If you know any ENTP's, you'll notice that just because we KNOW how to manipulate and destroy people, doesn't mean we will. For instance, the fact that I KNOW how to make an incredibly powerful...
Say Does this dress make my butt look big? ENFP will say no, of course not *insert sly subtle pick up line* ENTP will say Why do I care?
That TECHNICALLY, since Pluto is either identified as one of the major planets (scientists are debating AGAIN) or minor planet, no matter what it is identified on, it IS a planet.
Ah, if he doesn't have a well developed Fe, then the high running emotions may be making any things that frustrate you just confuse him, which would frustrate him.
Well, I'd personally need more information about what you are wary of when it comes to ENTP's, because I may be good, but I can't read the mind of someone whom I have no knowledge of.
Well, if he truly is an ENTP it's not the chaos. If you ever walked into one of our rooms you'd know what I mean. Personal tip, bring it up with him. Although I cant speak for other ENTP's, I...
If he's an ENTP I have no idea how he would not understand the metaphorical talk. Theories are our bread and butter, and metaphors are just plain fun. You sure it isn't something else?
The ones I know don't exactly resist it much, it just can't be an extreme thing (obviously). They'll know (especially if I tell them what's happening just to mess with them XD) but that doesn't mean...
Thats difficult?
If different from different is normal, everyone is different, and I am very different from everyone else, am I normal?
Wing it, that's pretty much it.   Specifics?
Death, death everywhere
Boredom is a powerful thing
Politicians.
This outcome is due to the constant mistake in which people mistake chaos for evil, when they are two completely separate things. In fact, ENTP's are mainly anti-heroes. From my personal experience,...
This outcome is due to the constant mistake in which people mistake chaos for evil, when they are two completely separate things. In fact, ENTP's are mainly anti-heroes. From my personal experience,...
Never take anything I say seriously, including this.
1.Yes, it is manipulation.  2. I dont understand the meaning of the question marks.  3. Out of the boring job. To use a better term, assignment.   Stalin was idea oriented and didn't care much,...
Somebody hasn't heard of ENTP charm for one. Read the cognitive functions mate. It might clear things up for you. ENTPs and their 8 cognitive functions For instance. ENTP's DO have Extraverted...
I believe I can answer that. Here are some examples that I have personally done.  1. A friend is sad, stubborn, and irrational. Now, say that it usually takes them a day of this to get back to...
IF I threw 1,000,000 dollars into a pit of ENTP's, what would happen?
People know they are being manipulated all the time, 'tis still manipulation.
I DON'T need to be with others, quite the opposite really. People seem to need to be with me. Oh well, c'est la vie.  As for why I am extroverted, I'm not, I am obviously closed up, quiet, and...
Yeah, when people judge people by their social skills I laugh a bit. For instance, some people trust me and think I am better morals-wise than an INFJ I know. What they don't understand is that I am...
And this is how you find real INFJ's :tongue: I knew it was a matter of time before you all exposed yourselves
effenelle I think I can answer your first question. They are INFJ's, having a thread like that is too direct :tongue:
Axel (from Kingdom Hearts, my avi) Iron Man/Tony Stark 10th Doctor from Doctor Who Jack Sparrow
Or we are because we WANT you to be afraid.
Why not both?
Socially awkward? How dare you sir. I am not socially awkward, people simply come to me, so I feel no point in showing effort into befriending or speaking to others who do not.
One word, chill
Just whip one back.
The answer to the question is deep within your bladder
I think the real question here is how are they friends with me then :laughing::laughing: I mean, I get how I count THEM as friends, but....Regardless, this all seems correct. It makes no sense to me,...
I know, still found it amusing.
*catches breathe* So I skimmed most of this then reread. I can trying relying acceptance, but to be honest, most of that confused me....As to 2., I've read a few places that they overreact when...
Look for that girl in the corner chanting satanic messages :tongue:
Aizar That's probably the first and last time I'll ever be told to use dog training on a person XD I'll try it, thanks.  Vivid Melody Alright so leaving them alone....ugh, asking so much :p As for...
I am positive I am not confusing myself with Sol, for I am me.
XD No, right thread, my power compels you :p
Saying I need to get over myself is synonymous with calling me arrogant. As for the 4 letter combo thing, I understand that, but the people I described fall under the quotes I sent you. As to why I...
THANKS! :D I find it is easier to help people when I understand the reasoning behind their actions. I kind of wish I could thank that a few more times.
Sadly, from my experience, that is typical.'"


2277: 'It was a joke. ;)
I'm not into seemingly arbitrary celebration days where everyone has to gift each other throwaway stuff but some of you guys sound so boring and jaded. You sound like INTJs!   under skies if you...
I often try to assume the persona the archetypal ENTJ personality like @7ephyr , but I want to have fun, I want others to have fun and for everyone to be energised by the project.    What I find...
The benefit that should be derived is gained perspective on both sides from the varied experienced. It doesn't matter who is right or wrong, but unfortunately people do not always see it how you do,...
I do find it interesting, and I have been on the receiving end of a not-so-positive perception, but also people that seem to respect me deeply. Who wouldn't want to repeat a positive experience, and...
I have to switch up my activities every so often to maintain excitement levels.
I was definitely motivated and inspired when I was a child, but just not in maths.   I remember my maths teacher was deeply uninspiring, and not just that but he had extremely low expectations,...
Scott Adams  I am not sure if you understood it now but it is not so much as not having aims, but about just having expectations but equally having no way to reach them. You need to take action,...
Friends.   You discover each other in your own time, and if an opportunity arises where you have formed a connection it can develop into another opportunity where you can form a deeper bond. It is...
I loved that so much.
I have enjoyed honesty, and when the person has reflected on positive memories that we've shared. I agree with other posters that I would enjoy rationality behind it, but producing a PowerPoint...
Because I'll collapse and die and I am too busy to die right now.
I should do it, and I intend to but I have only done weekly walking lately.
I am probably too late to contribute but you need to be clear.   I would take a maybe as a possibility of a yes, and I would be persistent.
What? :(  Is this your sarcasm?
Messy hair, smug smile   80112
I sometimes become burnt out but usually recover when I am appropriately stimulated like meeting friends, watching a film!
It is emotional and you can't always rationalise it away, but I've always found the best approach is not to loose control and descend into despair. I've also had people end it without an explanation,...
I often make mistakes when I type, particularly because I have mild dyslexia so I empathise when other people do too.  I definitely, and obviously prefer when someone is coherent but I also know...
Chaotic Neutral but sometimes Chaotic Good.  I was usually the stealthy archer.
I am 25 and I realised that 30 approaches pretty fast.  I won't comment any further on your prediction...
I have had to hide countless people from my news feed because they consistently post inane rants about the opposite sex or complain about how all their friends have abandoned them but also it is...
I love books or films related to time travel or parallel universes but I actually found it very difficult to get into Doctor Who.    I think what I enjoy most is the contrast. ...
They don't understand you because you are different and they have their own issues.   I think it is quite common for pretty women to be bitched about.
They don't understand you because you are different and they have their own issues.
I didn't say or imply it was substantiated and I didn't expect for someone to be so pedantic. I used science as an expression.
Honestly, both your threads were so long I didn't read your first and I only skimmed through this one.  You seem very traditional to me, even with your 'core values', especially how you refused to...
You want to find one person? I think you are going to have a difficult time. ;)   I wouldn't become so fixated on the MBTI type, I had a friend who became equally fixated looking for that 'ENTP'...
You're really on a mission, aren't you?
Break it down into a list, I think this is more productive than having a deadline but sometimes I set very loose deadlines.
I think that waking up early makes anyone feel more productive.  I love saying good morning to strangers.
Knowing exactly what direction you want to move into definitely helps, but not only that but working every day to achieve that and not slipping.   You'd be surprised how things just fall into place...
When they think they are boring!
Yes.     It was sarcasm, idiot. :P
Yeah, because you're naturally the touch type.
I love hugs, I didn't used to be hugging type but I have been converted.
I don't know why I do this, I think I just enjoy the reaction but I am definitely sure that he doesn't intend to hurt you. I think what aquavenae said would the best approach if it was me.
I've come to the realisation that some people cannot think independently and need one person to look to for direction consistently.  This is from my horrific experiences with projects while at...
You need think about what you are passionate about right now. I wasn't enthralled by my degree either and I think I likely did it for the same reasons you did accounting but it isn't worthwhile when...
I feel like it is a negative experience to end something that is enjoyable and I want to avoid that.
You are ridiculous. This sounds remarkably similar to medieval Catholic Church dogma - you're either Christian and subscribe to our doctrine or you're not and we're burning you at the stake. When you...
I never used to like small talk because it can be dull, and it just feels as if you're repeating yourself over and over, but it is important to establish an initial connection with someone before...
I suppose our Argentinian mutual male friend doesn't count as a male.
I know INTJs who do not respect themselves enough, so I think it has much more to do with the emotional instability rather than any specific MBTI type.    @INTJellectual I think you probably know...
I like to think I am open to all possibilities and I never rule anything out; however, I consider relationships very physical, especially when it seems to just boil down to sex. If I intend to commit...
I have a ISTJ friend that I instantly felt a connection with, and while we have contrasting views I value the friendship.
That drives me nuts!  I don't want to seem neurotic but I often theorise what my latest fan's issue is.
He's obviously an omega male testing people's boundaries in an attempt to dominant the group. I respect you for standing up to him. You know that you challenged and defeated him when he resorted to...
I do like the chase but the appeal is in how intense it is. When there's a barrier but it is slowly broken down and then suddenly breaks completely - it is euphoric. You shouldn't change, especially...
ISTJ. I'd love to follow something through to the end.'"


2281: 'Just today I reconnected online with a tattoo artist I knew a decade ago who threw gasoline on me and then followed that up by trying to throw lit matches in my direction because I happened to be...
100% true for me right now (also why I'm here). I dropped out of my first degree, went back, aced my second, aced a Masters, got a funded PhD, aaaaand... burnt out. Not necessarily because of me, or...
Go to the end of the line with your mental pursuits. That's all I can advise. You will end up poor and fulfilled.  Poverty is a virtue which one can teach oneself. ~ Diogenes  Also; Plato, on...
Maybe you should google what a synonym is lol. And perhaps if you think someone has to google what an exegesis is, you really should stick to eating and shitting alphabet soup... Anyway I have to go...
Yeah, but then again, you may be better off sticking to eating and shitting alphabet soup, if that's your the extent of your exegesis. :proud:
Growing up in different countries influenced my worldview because it forced me to question all culture. But by far the most influential experience I've had in the last few years was taking acid one...
I didn't come here after a long time to complain about sigs/avatars. I came here after a long time to read interesting posts, but got distracted by the sigs/avatars. You're right that age has nothing...
Just not a child. There's a difference. :wink: It's funny though how some people think he can't be an ENTP because he doesn't like GIFs (which isn't even true - actually I quite like some of the...
Sure, but that's topical and humorous (although a little predictable). You're not crass enough to have it in your sig, or worse, your avatar. Anyway, crack on. I was just raising the point. I'm out,...
Can we start a petition to get rid of gifs in avatars/sigs/etc. on PC? Am I the only one who can't even f*cking read a thread sometimes because there'll be a couple of people (not naming names...) in...
You sound like a deeply unfulfilled person. In getting so caught up in measuring your life in tangible successes (sheesh, this is an internet forum, you don't need a CV with your first post!) and...
Yeah. I went to the edge of where the subconscious realms (the physically constructed marble halls, the vortexes below, the soul-tree at the centre) - brought into existence through a combination of...
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. ~ Ian MacLaren (usually attributed to Plato)  Especially to your brother.
Don't hang out with dickheads. Problem solved. It took me many years to figure out this simple point. Enjoy the rest of your life. :)
Oh wow. I suggest that when you've learnt (and fully understood) symbolic logic, you move on to examining the foundations of logic (like I told that other person). Again, Beall and Restall is good...
OK, here you refer quite a lot of disparate points. You're not wrong about many of the individual things you say. On the other hand, your exegesis leaves a lot to be desired. Particularly No; I said...
Like I said; your 'critical reasoning' is just a commitment to diffusing cognitive dissonance in your pre-theoretical beliefs. You hold the same unwarranted assumptions and biases as those you...
Triple post.* Doh!
Double post.*
Your intellectual vs. feeler paradigm lacks insight into how logic and the human psyche work. Your 'intellectual' justification of the position you hold is just a way to coherently express your...
Not sure what business has to do with the most important skills an ENTP can ever learn. Advantageous, sure.  It's useful to a point, but I'm pretty sure cut-throat capitalism and ruthless...
What works doesn't dictate what ought to be. You're confusing important with advantageous. Stop being so evil and develop your Fe, which might well be the most important(!) thing you'll ever do.
Just watch any episode of Charlie Brooker's Black Mirror (I particularly recommend Fifteen Million Merits S01E02 and The Waldo Moment S02E03). If you weren't scared of technology's pace, you soon...
Actually I was none of these labels of alpha or beta in elementary school. I went to a small school and I was tiny (put up a grade) so I just did things the way I wanted to but was never looked...
Double post, dammit. >_<
Radicalism 83 Socialism 100 Tenderness 71.875  These scores indicate that you are a tender-minded progressive; this is the political profile one might associate with an animal rights activist. It...
Quoted for astonishing truth.  One thing though; there is a fourth option. You can internally or externally express it, you can sublimate it. Finally though, you can negate it. This option involves...
Sure. I was taken aback by what I saw (and previously mentioned): nobody espoused virtue ethics, most people supported some kind of utilitarianism, and a lot of the people responding by text rather...
Holy shit. I suppose people here are still young and figuring these things out, but even so, anyone ever think of picking up a book and seriously investigating (their own) ideas on morality? ...
'Burning out', haha. It's better described as settling into a warm bath. You're proud you ran that race when you were younger, but you're glad as hell it's not you still out there. As you relax and...
pleonasm [plee-uh-naz-uhm] noun1.the use of more words than are necessary to express an idea; redundancy.  2.an instance of this, as free gift  or true fact.  3.a redundant word or expression.
I don't know if anyone posted something regarding this research yet, but I just saw it and it seemed interesting so I thought I'd post it here. Any thoughts?  How an Introvert Can Be Happier: Act...
If you were to type yourself according to the Dungeons and Dragons matrix of alignment, what would you say you are? Lawful (strong belief in rules and law), Neutral, or Chaotic (blatant disregard for...
If you can't figure out what we're good at compared to other people, consider re-evaluating your ENTP status lol.  That aside, I've heard Julius Caesar and Alexander the Great typed as ENTPs. Draw...
First things first then. Offering that kind of cooking advice? May as well say sign up to bourgeois attitudes right here. In a time when young people across the globe are being deprived of the...
When writing papers (my usual creative outlet), I go through several processes. The first is to get an outline of what the topic I want to discuss entails. Just try to imagine the broadest scope of...
There's a very simple trick:  Ask him what he WOULD say IF you asked him out. This will be an abstraction from reality which will engage his interest on a theoretical level, and he will happily...
I had an idea yesterday which I thought is interesting but I don't have the necessary qualifications to follow through on and I wondered if anyone here does (I know you guys are big thinkers). Here...
Have you seen Primer (a 2004 film)? I think that is a great sci-fi, with a very interesting and plausible concept of time travel. There are two things here: i) I'm actually not particularly...
I had an idea yesterday which I thought is interesting but I don't have the necessary qualifications to follow through on and I wondered if anyone here does (I know you guys are big thinkers). Here...
I had an idea yesterday which I thought is interesting but I don't have the necessary qualifications to follow through on and I wondered if anyone here does (I know you guys are big thinkers). Here...
I totally agree with OP on INTJ. Not only the only *other* type which has a logic that I trust, but actually, I trust them more than most ENTPs. It's fun to be a P, especially an NTP. But it's fun...
It's a big mixture of different things including a variety of British accents and some Scandinavian influences, though I also studied in an American school when I was young.
Can I just say that Argentina and Iceland opened up their markets to deregulated corporatism and both got fucked, while India and China have the fastest growing economies and operate the tightest...
Noisey Why don't you start a poll or survey for each personality type, chart up the results, and then we can all theorize some meaning within those results.  Because you'll notice under my...
I read to about page 4 before getting bored of everyone's crap. If you want to fuck her, do, but be honest with her that that's your only intention. If you don't, don't. You're the only one who...
It's a good question. The thing with The Matrix though, is that they're both just hallucinogenic pills. Neo takes one of the pills, trips balls for days, has the best time of his life thinking he can...
Damn our curious eyes...
You guys reckon there is any link between personality type and political leanings? There's an interesting Ted Talk (here:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vs41JrnGaxc ) about the differences in types...
It's simple, I'm going to understand everything.  Ne helps with this by connecting dots between pieces of information, creating a cognitive map of the world from knowledge gleaned through studying...'"


2285: 'I agree with the above. Don't go into something that'll make you miserable; there's no point. Work doesn't necessarily have to be a minus. Work can serve as a springboard for personal growth.
I'd recommend looking into a field that you enjoy (linguistics, perhaps?) and going into consulting. Consulting is really great for xNTPs, I think, as it requires on the fly problem solving in...
Well, that's what I was going for, so that's cool. That actually isn't the whole thing; I couldn't get a good pic of the full page. Here are a couple of other pictures showing the rest:  557490...
Yeah? I always have trouble judging anything that I make, so I'm happy to have a positive comment. It's like, when I make something, I always miss the forest for the trees; I can see everything...
I got stressed, so I drew Trump in a sombrero. I'm less stressed now. 557362  My scanner isn't working at the moment, and I haven't drawn anything for quite some time, so don't judge me too...
I get this, particularly when I post front facing pictures. At the moment, I can grow a fully connected chin strap, so that's what I do. It looks fine if I'm not facing you dead on. Is it great?...
Got a haircut after having my hair long for years. I'm still trying to figure out how to wear it; I've got it too spiked in this one.  546402
Drunk Parrot  So, you're an ENTP, and I'm an ENTP. You're a type 7, but am I a type 7? Or am I a type 3? I'm conflicted.  I've gotten 3s and 7s on various tests, but I suspect that being an ENTP...
I just want to say that both of the posts before this one were, apparently, done at exactly the same time on different days.  The first picture, and the post counts, make me suspect a very subtle...
I spend a lot of my time lately hanging out with this neglected kid in my neighborhood. He's so smart, and it's so unfortunate, because I know that intelligence won't help him out of what he's in....
This.
I don't know about y'all, but I get a huge rush when knocking a bully down a few pegs. Like, it gives me a reason to maximize the wit, the snark and the intellect, all for the greater good. It's fun....
Rock on! Not yet though... I need to get my speaking a little bit straight first. I'm currently using a combination of Duolingo and Memrise to learn vocab, and soon I'll start consuming more media:...
I think I need to finish reading all of Robert Greene's work before I can do that. Maybe your guide can help me do that!.. and learn Spanish... and continue developing my moral system... and apply to...
Oh, I'm completely joking. The scenario itself wouldn't apply, because I'd totally convince everyone to follow my plan anyway, but the overall concept completely applies; working with people that you...
Woah, solid post! I especially like the advise in chapters 1 and 2. Chapter 3 isn't that applicable, because I happen to be extremely charming. :wink:
I love stuff like Yiruma and Einaudi, but I've been yelled at for calling that classical music in the past. :unsure: It's apparently New Age according to many of the snobbiest fans of classical...
That depends on how you define win. People aren't very rational, I've found, and tend to think that they're right even after their arguments lay in shambles. I myself define winning as convincing...
Oh, sure, I just decided to make a quick post from a pantheistic perspective; I'm well aware of its flaws in a literal sense, though it's still excellent metaphorical material that appeals to the...
Yeah, that piece has a good pulse, but it's one I'm familiar with. Mars, the Bringer of War is in my When I Take Over The World folder on my PC. I've been in a cheerier mood lately though, and...
There is no God, but God is everything.
Derange At 170 Yep, I went ahead and skipped to the 5 minute mark in the initial Terry Riley piece you posted, and it does pick up. That's some awesome stuff. Part of the reason I didn't get into...
I found this concerning, considering my tendency to jump from topic to topic:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTL9tm7S1Io
See, I like minimalism like this, but I generally prefer things with more of a pulse. Perhaps I just need to dig deeper into some minimalist artists and stop being lazy? There's just a lot to go...
Does anyone here enjoy classical music? I've tried time and time again to find pieces that I enjoy, and the closest I've come to that is some Baroque stuff, specifically Scarlatti, but I don't really...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kc_ggYg906o
I'm convinced that meditation, specifically focused attention meditation, is essential for ENTPs and ENFPs specifically, and perhaps even ESxPs and IxxPs as well. Being able to fully focus on...
I would argue that the mind is the hand guiding the stream. Sometimes, the stream is too much for the hand to bear, other times, it's easy to guide. Sometimes the hand has tools, other times the hand...
Exactly. That's actually why I've been looking for music lately. Baroness is giving me a kind of contented feeling, while simultaneously fueling my ambition; it's like I feel at peace, but know that...
Yeah, music triggers sentiment in me in a strange way. I can usually tell what music will end up doing this to me, depending on where I'm at. Like, right now, I've been listening to a lot of Baroness...
Wait... Why was your rice pink?
Let me google that for you
Can someone tell me what's going on here?
Are you sure they're that dull? I mean, doesn't it go both ways? Your interests just happen not to align with theirs; if your goal is to expand the conversation, just aim to do their more interesting...
I was listening to The Real McKenzies and YouTube decided to recommend me this:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qE_tYrTA6QA  It's apparently an Irish post-rock band. I don't know why I'm liking...
I don't know, but I'd guess that you're an ENFP or an INFP. If you'd like me to extrapolate, I will, but tell me, does the shoe fit?
I love how the What pisses off INTPs? thread is just another multi-topic debate thread. Does this mean that debating pisses off INTPs?
Looking for new music, and I came across this. I'm liking it so far.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tZ_uwDlmPY
I'm an ENTP, but whatever. Close enough am I right?  I'm white, a U.S. resident, but I grew up in a predominantly black setting. All of my friends were black, I wrote raps with my friends, I...
Some kind of NF. I'll take a stab and say INFP, but I doubt that's right.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDq359wuszY
Huh, I don't really relate with being unable to find good educational material, so perhaps my recs will fall flat. In any case, here is what I've got:  Social Psych/Manipulation/Sales The Social...
XSXJs in positions of authority can be absolutely hellish. Rigid rules, detailed requirements, tight schedules, they tend to leave no room for creativity.
Well, it'll depend on the stranger of course. If I find someone interesting, I try to create parlay by revealing personal details and attempting to feed their interests. The end game when doing this...
Is he breathing?
34/36  One that I missed was a real puzzler, but I feel like I would've gotten the other if I would've thought about it a bit more; both were young women. I used a mix of process of elimination,...
I was the stoner that showed up when half of the day was already over yet somehow managed to be one of the smartest people in the AP classes that I took. I also hung out with the 'hood kids and did...
I love these:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWvBxIEgL44
So, I was walking out of the college, fresh off of a charge from conversing with people and doing an excellent presentation (extroversion, woot woot), and I decided to say hey to this random old...
I have killa'yak disease. Eating humans disrupts my digestion.  http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-8tzl38NNFIU/ToQv_wf-UBI/AAAAAAAAAW4/I6ou-WCr-tY/s400/Sketch+2011-09-29+08_03_25.png
You guys are still cannibals? I'm on a human free diet.'"


2294: 'Hey folks, I'm wondering if rhythmic time signatures are a form of discrete mathematics. If not what would be the closest branch of math that represents time signature theory. Discrete Math:...
ya I'm very comfortable in crowds. i would have DIY shows in my basement and flood my house with people.    i went on a date with a girl who was kind of a lot younger than me and i just really...
this was kind of nice but also kind of painful to watch at the same time
I pretend to be perfectly happy and fine on a daily basis for this reason. Doesn't really solve anything, at the end of the day you're miserable but you also shut people out of what's really going on.
oversimplification
i sure feels like im putting in the effort to talk to people / be financially stable (im not) / look nice / practice music to be better at it / etc  right now the best explanation i got is that my...
i guess i cant hope for any better advice from a random forum, thanks i guess
i happen to have a straight thumb and penchant for westerns (also samurai films)
my favourite food is pizza my name starts with M I am 23 y/o leo-hufflepuff like what do you want to know?
well you're assuming im straight and you're blaming me with very little background. try asking for more info if you actually want to help
i dont like them very much      i swear entps are the kings of unhelpful responses /thread
because it does
i dont get physical contact basically ever and i really dont see any point in living. i am tall, slim, not an idiot and a musician. so i wouldnt say i am ugly or undesirable. i just dont see any...
I only ever saw her at the market or a musical event.
so im a guy and theres this girl i like. i did not get the slightest hint that she wanted me to ask her out so i didn't. i pretty much just tried to be her friend and casually chat whenever i ran...
you all win the useless advice award :D
not useful
so my school is really bad i have to memorize 13 pages of definitions and there is no class time devoted to this material most of my teachers look down upon you for not having their knowledge my...
So I was just tabbing out a beat in 15 X time and I remembered my ecology teacher used a map scale of cm to feet which made me feel like I needed a shower. Also our math text book is so bad I'm...
I feel like everything that would make me happy makes me sad instead. Out of all the friends I've made in the last couple years I don't know if any of them actually like me. I don't feel included in...
i might have to become evil
I'm 22 years old and I don't believe life has been worth while yet. I am very unhappy most of the time. I don't even remember the last time I was happy. I am in a couple bands because music is what I...
incorrect
ive been uphappy for so long that i doubt i have the ability to change, i cant remember any other time
sorry if my thought pattern is too scattered for the entp forum jeez
wow u guys sukkkkk
hey! for once im not posting about depressing bullcrap xD  ive narrowed mine down to ram (my chinese zodiac), lion (my astrological zodiac) and lizard/possibly chameleon. i dont take zodiacs that...
playing music no longer gives me satisfaction i dont remember the last time i was happy i dont have the energy to think about these things anymore people need human contact to want to live i feel...
I'm done with this thread  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNNM6RYqb7Q
self esteem is low, last gig i played was not fulfilling, feel like crap and that doubleclicks song really gets under my skin but it might just be my piss poor mood. ive put enough effort into...
I do appreciate the responses but, as I thought, posting something on the internet has done nothing to make me any more hopeful. About a year ago I remember thinking to myself that things will get...
Thanks for all the fast responses! I'm 22. I only feel like I'm playing a game some of the time. I go through varying degrees of trying. Right now I'm not trying at all so I'm on a haircut and...
I have been in relationships but never anything serious/lasting/meaningful. I am a male. Things I have tried to get a girl to like me:  Became somewhat proficient at an instrument Cook well...
when you are unable to comprehend your own reflection
So I have to wait for meaning to appear. I can't create it on my own.
yes it sucks but it sucks so well
que?
Samurai Jack is the best show ever (creators of powerpuff girls, dexter's lab)  ANIME (i like dub so i can hear what they are saying)  Full Metal Alchemist, you might have heard of it -good dub...
lack of useful data? yes. complete lack of experience? i wouldn't say so. i don't mean to credit the possibility of those disorders. i brought them up to maybe point in the right direction? i have...
Hi, I'm 22 and I feel like I have yet to have any kind of meaningful emotional relationship with anyone. At this point I feel like I am unable to. I am far more comfortable around people than not but...
pretty dumb post lol im just bummed about everything, ignore!
hey everybody, this is where i go when i got problems so send me your unabashed, unbiased feedback! next thursday i have 2 options:  1 i can jam with my band  2 i can go see a lady at a show ...
I dote all over Yvonne Karib from the show Shameless
JennyWocky is right: I've been unfairly criticized so many times that the line is getting blurred.I can't help that I am a lab rat, i need some sort of discernible effort/reward correlation. I think...
no but i occasionally get paid to do it.   the only solution i can think of is to move to a possibly less hostile city. i really do feel like there are a finite amount of options left for me in my...
no i don't want a pity party i want honest opinions, if it sounds to you like im whining im just trying to say how i feel.    I only got ANY warnings at one of them. The most recent one was...
I moved out of my parents house 2 years ago. During that time I have dated 0 people and have been fired from 5 jobs. I tell myself that my bosses where all fucked which they definitely are but other...
I watched American Psycho today and this scene captures my feelings with mildly disturbing accuracy.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGeAMVK75T4  Its not about the girl per say. Its the fact...
Change of medium was solid advice. I wrote my first ever solid guitar part today and I've slept well 2 nights in a row!
best response yet but i dont drink JUST KIDDING'"


2306: 'I don't think you'll ever find an ENTP that gets irritated talking about themselves.
I'm going to recommend something which seems to be really lacking in everyone's suggestions. Get out of the house and go somewhere random. Make a left turn instead of a right. Take a random exit off...
Yeah, that's a pretty far out theory. Everyone knows the draconians are going to gas all the philatelists, not the christians.
It doesn't really bother me. my girlfriend texted constantly about nothing in particular.  It was her thing.  My wife is much more concise and we mostly use texting to coordinate.  I don't really...
Whoa whoa whoa!  Take it easy. We don't want to overwhelm him so soon. He'll probably need to eat some food and sleep for a few days straight after this. I recommend a light lunch of rosemary kitten...
I'm a level 5 river troll.  I don't really have any power as I spend most of my day under a bridge waiting for three rather gruff billy goats to go by.  I'm going to climb up there and eat them one...
ENTP - Ravenclaw.  While the house sorting was interesting, I have to admit that I was more intrigued by the wand selection.  There were far more options and descriptions.
Some obscure ones:  Ben Rumson from Paint your wagon Dean Proffitt from Overboard  And maybe a stretch, but Jack Burton from Big Trouble, Little China
Build a utopian society perfect in every way.  With jet packs, lasers, hamster powered toothbrushes!  And then wander off into the woods after we get bored.
Wait a second. You've found a woman that prefers to give short concise answers to your questions and you're finding something wrong with that?  How was your day?  Fine. Anything exciting happen?...
I dream frequently, or at least it seems frequently. I never have nightmares, I have what some people would describe as a really scary scenes, but they don't really phase me like some people who have...
I agree, but I guess they elected to go with the old tried and true method.  Made me chuckle though.
I started with the flute and rotated through trumpet and baritone.  In 7th grade I showed an interest in the Bassoon and my insturctor never let me switch after that.  Bassoon was weird enough to...
My aunt tells a few stories about me.  My favorite is the one from when I was three and involves kiss cookies.  33189  We always had these cookies at family functions.  My aunt had gotten one...
ENTP, ENTP, ENTP.    Hrm... I think it's saying that I want to date myself.  AWESOME!
Not until the next edition.
Depending on the test I take, Se is the third most used function I have and Ni is the fourth.    I frequently use all of my senses in various manufacturing processes to either diagnose or prevent...
I didn't go back that far.  I just responded to the post I quoted which made no mention of distinction between real life and fictional.
Erin Brockovich is a real person.
My favorite book is probably Hyperion by Dan Simmons.  It's been described as a Sci Fi version of Canterbury Tales, and I think that's a good description.  In fact, the four books in the Hyperion...
Mental: Arguing. Or debating as I have to refer to it frequently so people don't think I'm just being difficult  Physical: I've always loved swimming. Just lap after lap of full body low impact...
Who?  10 characters.
I never really thought about, but I do typically set my alarms for non conformist times, unless I'm using the instant minute on the microwave.  However, I also don't conform to set schedules anyway....
Good one.  Writing essays isn't too hard.  Picking up a few key words and phrases that you know the reader wants to hear and then putting in the usual fluff around it.  No need to really hire...
Drats!  I thought this thread was going to be about some really interesting new gambling fad.  Curse you now obviously obvious thread!  And the paragraph relates to me pretty well too.
I majored in Chemical Engineering.  I knew I was destined for some type of engineering degree when I was in high school.  I liked chemistry, so it just kind of all fell in place.  I actually had a...
From what I've been reading about ENTPs, it's unusual for them to be in a long term relationship.  From what I've learned from society, it's rare for anyone to be in a long term relationship.  :dry:
Perhaps if we dig deeper, we can find the core of this.
I've been married to the same woman for 11 years and we've been together for 17 years. Over half my life in one relationship.
The Strongbad email about techno is my favorite. Everytime someone says something about techno, I start singing that song. Usually in my head, but not always.
I haven't read this particular book, but I had to read a book called something like Now focus on your strengths or something like that. It also had an online test you could take to type you into...
Hrmm...  I agree that it's an Ne thing. Seeing a possibility like that cries out Ne. But to me it sounds like your Ti kicked in and found a flaw in the logic. I don't think that Ne cares what works...
I love their concept.  Guitar heavy and they use a choir for vocals instead of one lead singer.  They also include local fans in their choir as they travel.  ...
I love munchkins.  It's so flexible that it never really gets boring like some games.  If you like munchkins, look for a game called Killer Bunnies.  It's more complex, but it's a fun game for...
I don't think we should just sticky it...  I think we should freeze it in carbonite!!!
Rock puns do seem to bring people out of their shale.  I only tend to outwardly laugh at the more igneous ones though.  One friend told a rock pun and a few quartz of milk shot out of my nose.  I do...
And they all lived happily ever after.  The End.
Sometimes you have to let a hot thread like this cool down before you bring it back.  At least that's what I think the resurrecter was thinking.  Hot Dog.
Is it trolololololololling if it's true?
After reading this far I glanced ahead and realized that I wouldn't make it through reading all of the questions, let alone answering them.  So I summed up your questionaire with this:  Q: Do...
I thought about joining a fraternity during college because they all had mandatory studying times which I really needed so I wouldn't get distracted by everything else.  But the more I thought about...
Your comments hurt my feelings.
I think this is the perfect example of my vision of an ENTP.  The only difference would be a sentence more along the lines of I'm with the tour group.  But eight years ago I did read a Popular...
The advice on surviving being buried alive in a coffin is now a permanent part of my mental survival knowledge.
I think it's perhaps an instinctual habit to tone down or throttle Ne in certain situations. If I'm out with a group of friends, and they don't seem too receptive to fast paced conversations, I will...
Sadly, I've never met anyone who could keep up with me when I'm in a raging Ne mode. People tend to assume that I'm trying to instigate an argument or telling them that their idea/belief is not only...
Breaking Bad has been one of my favorite series of all time.    That and Adventure Time.  It's not really a series, but I can't stop watching it!  Bender as a shape changing dog gets me every time.
Yep,  I made up numbers everywhere for my business plan.  All of them were wrong.  Some were high, some where low.  Unfortunately, more were low than high and I had to scramble to make changes to my...
When you're looking for investors, you have to take your vision and make others see a glimmer of how you see it.  As an ENTP, you have to use the supposed ENTP charm to convince them that you have...
I took the thread title a different way I think.  I immedietely thought of my friend saying ignorant christians because they didn't think the same way he did and they didn't see the world the way...'"


2318: 'I, personally, value her expression because I know it's rare for her to open up to someone and have learned how to value her expression. We can all talk about functions like we're children, but in...
ESFJ's exist outside of health status. They're just perpetually annoying.  That goes for INFJ's too... Healthy or unhealthy: sexy!
Oh wait! That post was actually pretty trolly. I do these sorts of things often... Hmmmmmmm... I must be unhealthy because I'm not being nice again!!!   DAMN IT ALL TO HELL I'LL NEVER BE HEALTHY,...
You should start your own sub forum... MBTI COMMON SENSE EDITION... definitely all caps too... That'll look nice. This forum needs an objective sub forum like that.
I think it all comes down to the tert. and inferior functions. I am a perfect example of an unhealthy ENTP, actually! I go from project to project, I take way too many financial risks and the only...
That's pretty cool.. I see like really cool atmospheric/abstract segues between lives and then clearing up to reveal the next introduction of a character, setting or something.
Get a group of people together and just brainstorm thousands of ideas and copyright/patent them all and then make people pay you if they want to actually put any of them into action... is this a...
INFJ... Any other type could work, but will not have the level of depth the INFJ and ENTP has.   Dominant sensing type will be annoyed, bored, drained... ENTP will feel misunderstood and babied....
Thank you for sharing, I can relate to a lot of what you said.
That's good to hear :)  I'm 22. I just have so much going on... I get myself into interesting situations. An idea will lead me down a road of responsibility and fatigue and once the novelty wears...
Touche.
What's the point?
Listen, being a ENTP doesn't mean you are an extravert. We are so unpredictable. I have been more introverted than any INTP on this forum and more extraverted than any ESFJ in the real work. Why? I...
I have never been depressed in the sense of having a disorder. I have been in depressive states about 40% of each year since I was 15. Please state whether you have or haven't been. I'm drunk......
I regret my name decision... I was a lurker for years...
Well, it's funny. Now my plan is hiring employees because im already moving on :I
Holy shit, just watched that for like the 10th time a couple days ago. so funny.
You can do it man!! Get a couple ISTJ's doin the 0100101000101010010's!
I had learned a lot and met a lot of good connections the last couple years
I think that sounds like an opportunity to learn.
INFJ - paranormal investigation (ENTP can be the guy who hosts the show) ISFJ - reading romance novels and obsessively checking Facebook as appear offline. INTJ - Making a video game INTP -...
Will do. Thank you sir
Not as much buttsex and cringe-worthy drama :p
Thank you. My OP looks insane after I read it again haha. I hope it shows people like me that it's not so hard to follow through on an idea and when it all starts coming together, it's incredibly...
A mortuary transport service. Picking up deceased for Funeral Homes and the Medical Examiner. Get to help people while making good profit with little overhead. It goes in line with my future plan of...
What was wrong with 1300 miles north?
What inspires you? Cut all the bullshit out of your life and surround yourself with people and things that inspire you. Stop worrying about being socially correct, our stream of consciousness is what...
A planet of only ENTPs and INFJs would be pretty fucking great
I wanna brag a little and inspire you guys. I just got fired from my job a few weeks ago and the last two weeks all I have done is get my shit together to start my very first business. I already have...
I see it this way... A person who types as ENTP, INTJ, INTP (smartypants) is going to have inferior F or S. This implies that they will either be scatterbrained, awkward or ice cold. These are...
This post is so old, but you're still active anyway... Just wanted to say that I appreciate your objectivity and humility.
People that test as several different types suffer from the I'm different!!! personality disorder, in my honest opinion.
I think the #1 thing people misunderstand about us is that we are method actors. Personally, I experiment a lot unconciously without being fake. It's like all these different personas are a part of...
Just because you think you'll take over the world someday doesn't make your moms basement living situation any better than the INTPs.
Maleficent - INFJ ... Do you all think she was INFJ in Disney's Sleeping Beauty?  Crow guy - ISFJ Aurora - ESFP Stephan - ESTJ? ESTP? Hard to type, especially since he's basically just freakin'...
Not trying to derail the thread or anything, but what if the Ti types you know DO understand your feelings and are purposefully unapologetic about some of your situations? And logic doesn't exist to...'"


2319: I'm shit at taking about my feelings. But sometimes I find music that conveys what I'm feeling exactly. And maybe sometimes I'll be really cheesy and sing that music to special people. Maybe my life...
I though it was common knowledge that everyone has a crush on Mila Kunis and Ryan Gosling.
That actually does sound fantastic.
Heather Morris all day errday. She's a dork and a half and a damn good dancer and sexy as all holy hell. http://static.tumblr.com/qjorqig/vQGm7be6g/tumblr_ljwjv7zppt1qah04s.gif
I love New Orleans. But I'm not sure if it gives off an ENTP vibe or if it's just weird.
Fuck you, I am awesome.
Absolutely. But I'm from New Orleans and a Saints fan through and through. So there's that.
Well, I just told an Atlanta Falcons fan that Atlanta fans suck. Does that count?
I play guitar, mandolin, ukulele, and banjo. I sing too, mostly jazzy soul/blues stuff but I really want to be Elphaba in Wicked one day and I do a lot of musical theatre stuff.
I'm in the same boat. Except I'm a girl, and I like girls. *cough*ladies*cough*
The only ISTJ I know started dating my ex-girlfriend and then he acted like a smug little douche around me. Like he was better than me cause he got the girl. I wanted to punch his stupid 'do...
Nah it's a Dean actually.
59014  Haven't been on here in a while. Here, have a picture.
My closest friends are ENFJs INFJs and ENFPs. I always find myself romantically attracted to ESFPs and ENFPs.
Totally with you on secret-genius-Brittany. She's sneaky and manipulative and she plays just about everybody. Especially Rachel. I also think she's severely dyslexic, there's been some pretty...
This is actually the exact response I expected. Finn, in fact, is exactly the reason that commercial happened. He stooped far below her level by calling her out in a very crowded public high school...
Quick, mildly OT question. Do you believe Finn was in the right in outing Santana?
Kinda agree with you on Santana, she's without a doubt ENTx and sometimes I want to believe she's ENTJ but then a lot of times she has this air of nonchalance about her that screams ENTP. Not to...
I was just drawing from my own experience, my Ne likes to do things in that exact same way haha. She's by far the most complex character on the show so it's really hard to tell what exactly she is.
I believe Santana might be a little more Nish than S. Remember in Silly Love Songs how she figured out that Quinn was cheating on Sam with Finn just by the looks on their faces. And then she came up...
It actually healed up a lot faster than the doctors expected thankfully. I still can't lift relatively weighted things or put a whole lot of pressure on my left arm but at least it's mobile enough...
I'm about to join the Air Force, my recruiter believes I'm recruiting gold. I'm either going to be doing Air Traffic Control of something in the Cyber field. I'm pretty excited actually.
I used to drink a lot, but due to some recent bad experiences I've really cut back. That being said, I still feel the need to go out and get at least a little intoxicated at least once a month. Like...
I'm a pretty big redditer and I use Facebook often since the vast majority of the friends I actually care about live elsewhere. I have a Twitter but I really just follow satirical fake twitter...
Haha if only I hadn't stopped with that a longggg time ago.
Yea I'm right handed and pretty thankful it was my left arm. Much suckage regardless though :mellow:
So yesterday, while longboarding down a massive hill, speed wobble got the best of me and I fell going 40mph. I wound up with a shattered left elbow and a completely useless left arm for at least a...
I play guitar, bass, drums, mandolin, ukulele, and I'm looking into purchasing a banjo and maybe a cajon. I fucking love music, and making music. I've played guitar for about 10 years and the rest...
Also, about 75% of all Koalas have syphilis, fun stuff.
I wear make up when I'm not feeling lazy, which means most of the time I don't. And my hair just kind of is awesome naturally so go me!  I go for casual as well, normally just jeans, fitted tees, v...
I don't really think the source of conflict was anything really, just everything happening at once and being so overwhelmed by it she couldn't handle it and just kind of imploded for a while....
i watched Easy A a few days ago and I think the main character Olive is sort of ENTPish
I read the thread title and immediately started singing Cake.  That's about as much input as you're going to get out of me :tongue:
I can't say I've ever reacted like this after being hurt. I'm a forgiving person, especially towards those for whom I really care. In fact I find it much harder to harbor my negative feelings than it...
I don't have any tattoos yet, have to obey the majority of my rental's desires since they're paying for my education. But I plan on getting one eventually. The first one will be small and undoubtedly...
I literally laughed out loud when I read that one.
Music and creating music and going to shows has probably been my biggest passion for years now.
I think maybe she was just overwhelmed. She had several big tests only days after this happened and finals that followed very shortly thereafter, she doesn't handle stress well at all. Anyways, we're...
Interesting. The one I watched included some savants, and then a guy who had experienced head trauma with almost no side effects with the exception of Superior Autobiographical Memory. Most of the...
I've seen something similar to this in a psych class once, isn't it normally connected to savantry?
One of the most unfortunate downsides of really caring right there ^  I never expect anything in return or ask for appreciation or gratitude, but the knowledge that someone wouldn't go to the same...
I tend to show it through actions, I never speak of how much I care for someone because I do that pretty awkwardly. Or at least it sounds awkward to me. But anyway, most of my friends that I care for...
If there was a Ravenclaw Slytherine mix, I'd be in it. But if I had to pick between the two I'd pick Ravenclaw first.
Were you trying to disprove me on my cow-tipping theory by tipping a cow in with the radio active reindeer revo?
Mmmhhmmm I daydream about all sorts of weirdness.
That is also very unsanitary. And now we're supposed to drink said coffee after some radioactive reindeer has been sitting in there. Who knows where that thing has been!
Keeping this in mind for my spiffy new INFJ lover man :crazy:
Franklin on True Blood was an ENTP
Eatin' grass and takin' names! Yea that man's crazy haha   And I was tempted to say Payton's an I but he ran around with the Lombardi Trophy for weeks after the SB walking up to everyone and...
When I'm anxious I'll start shaking and become kind of nauseous. And Sometimes I'll get this sort of conquer-the-world inspired feeling that's pretty hard to explain, but I can feel it in my..."


2320: 'Ready yet???
Yeah, I just realized that I accidently put ISFP in the title rather than INFP... My bad...    I agree that, Fe is the best Manipulating / Influencing function.  I'm not saying that Unhealthy INFPs...
Trying to get some ENTP perspective on INFPs  My wife is an ISFJ and my mother-in-law is INFP. Her mother manipulates her like crazy and me by extension which drives ME crazy.  Things like: you...
Two words: Pepsi Challenge
If you had a more robust vocabulary, you may have been able to outline a more plausible argument to support your theory...  Unfortunately, I'm unconvinced and inclined to disagree with your...
I can only hang around people with Fi or Se as their very first function in very small doses.
Unequivocally paradoxical...  How very ENTP.  I have a better than average vocabulary, and tend to assume those with a poor one are less smart or educated in general assuming English is their first...
Don't really agree with Israel being a US lapdog.  It really seems more like Israel are the ones calling the shots. More aid? check. Missile defense system please?  Yes please.  Do they still do what...
@Wellsy and MelanieM  I agree with the notion that in the US if you voice disagreement with Israeli policy you run the risk of being labeled as an anti-semetic person.  In fact, I was implicitly...
Wellsy  That is one of the reasons I mentioned.  Based on your logic Hamas does not want Israel to blow the fuck out of them. What else would they expect to happen when they blast Rockets into...
@Theology   In that case, the effort you mustered to reply means so much more...  Here is a good video from the Daily Show with John Stewart that sums everything up pretty well in terms of US...
I'm curious to hear some ENTP thoughts on the terrible loss of life here.  I live in the US and as I can see both sides.  I understand Israel's point of view, but I also can't help but sympathize...
@OkWhat, I think diving too far into genetics or normal or not can be a slippery slope.  I don't know that you can link two completely different things together simply because both involve genetic...
Thanks for your awesome replies everyone!  This has been fascinating for me and I really am learning a lot.  As for what I meant by gender neutral, I really just meant avoiding bringing the matter up...
@PlayfulProxy, thanks so much for taking the time to post!  I can totally see an ENTP being so distracted by the fascinating world around us that you wouldn't even realize you may be transgender...
Okay team ENTP I have a question for the ENTP community.  I'm sure you already have an idea based on the title.  But, first I want to preface by saying a few things.  As an ENTP, I do not fit...
So out of curiosity, which season did most of you like more? 1 or 2?
Worst advice I've ever heard!  Asking a bunch of coworkers if your boss also stares creepily at them?  How can that possibly work out well?!  Your boss will probably find out you asked AND you will...
I'll take a stab...  Stop hanging out with extroverted sensors.
Sorry, but this is naive.  Most hospitals are non-profits and yet they are still rip offs.  Why, you ask?  It has everything to do with a lack of competition.  If you go to a hospital for an...
I'm so sorry that you visited the ENTP forum, read a post one ENTP made and became offended.  Please don't go and create a forum post of your own about how much you dislike ENTPs.  That would be...
I am this way when at work.  I've headed up many large projects and can super focus on one project if it's a complicated and has many parts, especially if I feel that I can improve it.    A project...
I wouldn't be so sure about that.
I for one miss the good old days of western union STOP There was nothing like getting a good cable STOP All that kids know how to do today is chat on their Motorola Car phones and play Nintendo STOP
I can see how it could be useful to have during an emergency, but otherwise they seem pretty pointless.
PowerShell is referring to trollmasters in general, not you specifically.
Every type is 100% equal in hotness...
I guess the 2/3rds of self diagnosed ENTJs who mistype have to go somewhere... :-)
devoid  The word manipulation is a fairly vague term with a negative connotation (fair or not)   I agree that ENTJs will have no patience for feelings manipulation tactics and yes, they are...
Stupid question, obviously because they're so warm a cuddly....   FYI an ENTJ probably wouldn't like you straying off topic like this...    Source:  I know one.  [see what I did there?]
A good guide leaves the user thinking the ideas were all his own :-)  I agree most of this is intuitive, but I would bet that many ENTPs are either intimidated by ENTJs or else overly competitive. ...
This his thread is a spinoff of one created by devoid Attracted to ENTJs a post by yesiknowbut and a response from JamesWilson   I started it as a reply, but extroverted intuition took it...
1.  I would define an upbeat person as someone who has passion and generally a sense of urgency.  ENTPs enjoy brainstorming Ne.  We become passionate about ideas when engaged in this behavior.  2. ...
I like introvert(s)
@HypoTempes  I agree with some of what you're saying, but your description really seems more relevant to ENTJs.  We aren't exactly the evil overloads and most people actually like ENTP, even if...
I agree that many things fall in between two extremes.  Here is an example.  Do you prefer capitalism or socialism?  The real question should be where is the sweet spot on this sliding scale since...
Thanks for the response.  Relative to the US I think that most of the developed world could be considered a welfare state.  Compared to some other European countries like Denmark and Sweden The...
I'm surprised to see how many non-gamer ENTPs there are.  I always thought I was one of the few who wasn't.  I hardly ever play anymore and was never hardcore.  I can easily play a game for 10...
I agree that actual inequality in the west and quality of life is much more stable than income would represent due to the law of diminishing returns that additional income produces in terms if...
I hope you're in the mood for an Ne carpet ride.  Don't worry, I do eventually get to the question.  I have a dream:  To become super rich...  Then, I would retire and start a foundation similar...
Creativity is a very broad word.  I don't even think most people know what it means to be creative.  I grew up thinking I wasn't all that creative simply because I'm not a good artist.   We are...
I feel like I could have written this specifically.  I'm the go to person for every major project at my company.  When you count the various systems I've either managed or figured out how to complete...
I definitely agree.  Often I simply become annoyed.  Generally I am very good at keeping an even keel, but once annoyed enough I tend explode with a passionate  over abundance of truthfulness that I...
No.  Sorry kid.
So my boss and I got into a pretty heated argument today (I would tend to call it a discussion), which happens from time to time.    This boss is also a friend and one of the few people I have the...
Not to change the subject but....  Has anyone considered the possibility that we may eventually be able to prevent aging past a certain point?  I for one think that biological immortality will...
My friend uses it to download free music (mp3s).  It takes about half an hour per song.  AOL may be faster, but I'm not sure because he has CompuServe.  He also has a CD burner which means he can...
I have never cheated and never will for the reason that many in here have already mentioned.  Biologically, it may be natural, but I'd like to think of myself as a little above the primitive fray. ...
The proverbial slope has just been slippeded across...
The OP:  Be careful my friend.  Trolling is one thing, but starting an entire troll thread is something entirely different.   Starting is the easy part, but by god win you try to stop...  The...'"


2321: 'And it's your entitlement to think that.  I simply see no harm, no foul in many rich cultural traditions, but that's my opinion. I live in a world created by the vast majority and don't like some of...
I'm sure it would mean a lot to them, too. There are a lot of day's mother's day, father's day, Christmas, honoring people that we all don't necessarily agree should be honored. I deserve no honor...
There are a lot of veterans. We say thank you because the fact that they serve affords the rest of the people a choice in the matter. I however opted to serve and luckily for me and for the rest of...
Struggled with this my whole life.   I think the issue for me is getting connected to other people. I make friends easily in life, but I can't seem to find many that I easily relate to long term....
Right? And then it's like, and who the hell am I, was I in some delusional state??
What a great video!! Thank you so much for sharing it!!
I'm an ENTP 7. I have learned over the years how to deal with authority, but to me it was more like playing the game because I wanted to be seen as easy to work with when in fact I was greatly...
I'm not an INTJ, but I live with one and have an online friend for many years who is also an INTJ. They seem to be be my only two lasting friends except for an ENFJ who died. I've practically given...
Currently my sig other is an INTJ. I also have a good friend who is INTJ (we had a strong chemistry at one time in the past) , and a couple of my fav coworkers are intj. I believe this has to do with...
And now he's dead...my best friend died a year ago next month. That leaves me with my boyfriend (partner) but otherwise alone. I'm becoming more introverted.
I'd have to say I fit with the majority here. I have a best friend who lives across the country but we talk several times per week. It's an exclusively online relationship. I have hundreds of...
I have to say I'm an amazing cook but it evolved over time and watching cooking shows.  It's a great way too channel creativity since we all have to eat, and although I will eat almost anything...I...
The pollyanna thing actually happened to me in the form of a signed certificate once received from coworkers after starting a new job. They wondered how long my optimism would last.  Ha ha  still not...
I think this observation of these types is worthy of holding the title of winner of the decade. It goes both ways though.   My sig other (INTJ) is one of the very few for which this hold true. I...
It's almost impossible for me to allow myself to be vulnerable with another person. The key here is the word almost and is important because if you can find a way ~even just once~ to become...
So what happened with your situation? I'm in an LDR. I'm ENTP and he is INTJ.  We are together each week from Friday evening to Monday morning, we also arrange to be together any holidays or any days...
I disagree, it's not ENTP's thing, especially as we get older. I do many things over the top. I just tend toward a very few things in which I specialize out of the many that I do well. This in no way...
And you can always not have a life. I have finally figured out that without the sad the happiness is only mediocre. Gotta hate mediocrity.
This little love story gets more beautiful by the minute. Each time we see each other is better than the last as we get to know each other more.   All your words are helpful, everyone who has...
My INTJ and I have an incredible song that he gifted to us. We listened together last night, and I had tears in my eyes for something that is actually real.  That was a small part of what quickly...
I appreciate being able to better understand the mechanism for this. I need to know how and why things work or don't work, not just observe them working or not working.   I was once drawn to an...
Thanks for this reply. I'm going to have to read up about Fi. I'm not sure if my INTJ developed his Fi recently, I only know him a short time, but I have know two others that were almost clinically...
This post is meant exclusively for any of you that are ENTP or INTJ but with a Fe that has you questioning your sanity and rational every second of your existence.  Over the years I have seen a...
You'll have to keep me posted on your pheromonial findings.
I need texting rehab.
You are not!
I can give you one definite situation where I have seen this in my relationship and was exactly that way on our first date   My INTJ tends to need clarification on anything presented to him that...
None of them in the clinical sense of the definition.  Narcissism? No, because my arrogance, callous behavior and selfishness can always be justified contextually. Narcissists are completely lacking...
I had a disastrous situation with a guy over the friends issue once. He was all talk about friendship and how important it was and how it was the only thing that had real meaning...and then one...
By the way Hokahey - I just read some of your stuff and you seem pretty awesome. I'm sure there are a lot of people intrigued by you.
Really! I agree with you, but wanted to add something.  The long term real stuff is much more complicated than getting dates, but remember it goes both ways. There are as many of both genders in it...
Oddly enough in a lot of situations it was the dating turned to friendship.  I guess back in the days before everyone knew everything about each other online we had to find out through personal...
Constantly. I always have a lot of guys as casual friends though, too. My best friend (who incidentally is a guy) told me I exude pheromones or something and that guys and girls tend to just follow...
I like everything asymmetrical but balanced, ie. two different size objects  on one side to a single larger one on the other. I think this likely stems from a strong background in three dimensional...
That is exactly it. The bravado in itself is our most famed trait. It is exactly that level of self assurance that enables us to act on our drives, no matter the cost or consequence. It enables us to...
It's exactly what I do.  When there is an affinity between us I never tire of the other person, but I don't usually develop close relationships. I have a few that are close and the rest are causal...
OMG, yes...it was in so many cases at so many times, but but I'm not going to let it go there anymore. We do this with friendships in real life too. I'm learning to be a better friend...Uhhh...maybe,...
I go one second at a time, and while one moment one might tear my heart apart another might bring me some piece of joy.  I somehow found a friend who couldn't help or be there or anything, but...
I am an ENTP and pretty much behave similarly to what you describe with a lot of colleagues except in a bit more of an adult manner, but not due to interest ouside the scope of friendship.  That...
I have to say I agree with your posts Signify and NireLove because your responses address the actual question of drive. I don't think healthy self worth is shallow. It is the result that matters. ...
Do we love best what we know, or know best what we love?   Either way, it requires at the least an interest to begin.
Hmm.. now I'm thinkin' about sex.  Hey, get off that gravy boat.
I'm not an INFJ, but I definitely would, especially if I (we) had a clear understanding of the disease, and it's behavioral manifestations.  A good deal of it would be up to me to understand and...
~The wound is the place where the light enters you~  ~Two there are who are never satisfied -- the lover of the world and the lover of knowledge ~       Rumi, 
No wonder you've been in seclusion.
laughing at this.
I either love or I don't. If I do then it exists at the same level. Where it gets tricky is when people ask us to qualify it or choose. I can't love my son more than husband or vice versa, or any one...
It doesn't always require a spiritual belief. I am a lifelong non-theist and had felt that void for a long time trying to fill it with friendship, romance and even thinking it was the absence of...
I know, we do that stuff all <--- (there it is again) the time.  lmao!!     Yes, right? I'd like to see someone just make up their frickin' mind even if later they change it. It at least gives...
I knew you were the new PerC guru.  >folds hands and bows<          Need to move this over to the ENFP craving deep conversations thread, ha'"


2322: 'damned, demented and depraved
My actions are VERY calculated! The only problem I have, is when I drink or party, which use to be a lOT. I made some BIG mistakes that way. It always comes back to being bored for me. I get bored, I...
YouTube - Dewey Cox Smoking Reefers (with John C. Reilly and Tim Meadows)
Guilty. I'll do it from time to time.
I'm a nerd. I don't look like one though. Most people think I'm a smooth talking ESTP. A hustler. Its probably because I've invented an alter-ego persona that is like something out of a movie. I say...
I'm a nerd.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. - Steve Jobs   When I'm at my best, I can innovate and lead people.  I'm dominant, but I like what someone else said about 'not being...
I graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Biology-3.4. My grades in highschool were horrible. It wasn't cool for me to be a good student at my highschool, and my hormones told me I needed to be...
Yes, and Micheal Jackson had it right about playing in trees! Don't you climb trees? Yes Micheal, I do!
INFP for sure! This sounds exactly like an INFP male friend of mine. He dated this girl for 3 weeks, then she dumped him, and he was still talking about why it didn't work for the next 6 months to...
I played football and soccer in highschool. I use to be obsessed with college football but that stopped once I quit drinking.  I love working out. I also love skiing, water skiing and jet skiing etc.
My dad(ENTP) is  rich/upperclass, and I was 'highly neglected' by him growing up.  I can see how you could come up with this theory. ENTPs are more likely to be entreprenuers and therefor are more...
That does help. An ISFP is the ENTP dual partner, which is suppose to be the best possible relationship between two people according to Socionics. I want to meet an ISFP to see how true this is for...
I'm perverted. I'm bipolar. I'm an asshole. I'm an ENTP!
Personality page.com says that ENTPs are good at making money, not managing it. I know this is true for me.
I'm terrible at remembering street names. I've lived in the same city, most of my life, and I still get some of the main street names confused at times. I want to know what stores or landmarks are...
I've used #2, #3 and #4. They were extreme cases, but thats what it took. I usually do whatever it takes.
I slept with an INTJ girl last summer and I had the same experience. She was sexually promiscuous! Coincidence?
ya, this is a problem for me. People usually don't like it when I call them out on their pretentious, shallow and conformist ways. Does anyone else get those sick/tired feelings of not being able to...
What do you guys think about Daniel Tosh from Tosh.0? I think he is an ENTP!
HEY! I have a conscience! I just like to play 'wanna make a deal' with mine.
No, that's not what this theory is saying.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PR4aQoezl-U&feature=related
I copied the following paragraphs about type and hidden agenda from an article on the Socionics website. I also believe this to be true about ENTPs and other types. What does everyone else think? Do...
[quote=CJ99;434605]  Interesting thing is (correct me if I'm wrong here as my US geography isnt great) that most of the religious people here seem to be from the American south.  quote]   ...
Read socionics description of the ENTP uncovered. It says we really care about how people perceive us. I think this is true.
The reason introverted N types score the highest on IQ test is simple. Who do you think makes up a test of boring puzzles? Those with the same personality type as the test makers will, naturally,  on...
I'm very much in-touch with my spirituality. I think a spiritual life is VERY important. The dogma surrounding some religions are a joke and some are a tragedy. I live in Alabama.
Being part of generation Y, I can see where this type of exploitation has taken place in pop culture. I think its a great observation. ExTP = Fun party guy. ESFP = Fun party girl. I know this because...
Other relations of Duality types, on personality cafe, have gained insight into this dynamic and I think its time to boldly explore the ENTP/ISFP relationship. As an ENTP, I can't imagine other ENTPs...
Bullshit!! I believe we care very much what other people think about us. Especially the people we associate with in our everyday lives. We may not give a shit what society(ie random people) think,...
I've found several INFJs in annonymous programs. NA/AA etc. They're usually marginalized in society, so they try to escape the isolation through substance abuse. Thats my theory.
What is everyone's usual experience with the types (using mbti descriptors or more generalized description) of individuals of the opposite sex they usually attract.  1) What kind of venue do you...
Does anyone else see the irony of this thread? The guy dressed in the Watchman costume, is talking about how he can't get into fiction?  I read only non-fiction with the exception of a few books...
You don't get new inventions thinking like everyone else. Labels like 'crazy' are for the masses to remain dull in thought.
it's better now, death is closer, I no longer have to look for it, no longer have to challenge it, taunt it, play with it. it's right here with me like a pet cat or a wall  calendar.  ...
Mom = ESFJ Dad = ENTP   Hard for mom to relate to me, but she's always been there for me. Poppa was a rolling stone.
Naturally. Any idea that engenders fear in people will be misinterpreted and abused.  How else do those in power control the herd? Sweeping generalizations for sweeping application!
Agree. There's a lot of grey area with this one, unless you have a serial killer/rapist case, then its much more clear.  The argument I like about this diagnosis is that: Anyone, nomatter who you...
Yes, you do tend to lose some of the creative manic monster with medication. After you read 'An Unquiet Mind,' you'll better understand the extreme states of moods and madness a person is capable of...
I have Bipolar disorder. I think it's a good idea to start documenting your moods. I would also try reading books by Kay Redfield Jamison- 'An Unquiet Mind' and 'Touch with Fire' are both good....
Yes. I don't want to go into detail, its a long sordid story that would be exhausting to tell, emotionally and psychologically. Odd is an understatement.  Its a great question though. I'm...
I like strawberry pancakes!
You mean you don't get in to the private sex forum after you make enough post? I thought that was what VIP status meant?
Well said!!! You describe the way I react, and why I react emotionally, perfectly! Bravo!   Do you think someone else will ever understand this and overlook it? Or forgive it over time? What...
Holy Shit! I've been agonizing over the fact my ex just did the exact same thing. She won't talk to me at all! And I heard she just went back to a guy who physically abused her. That is both crazy...
Adam's Garden of Eden and the Devil Inside
Guilty!! I did the same thing with an INFJ girl on Facebook.
Sympathy for the devil is one of my favorite songs.   I'm not exactly what kind of cruelty you're talking about here? You kinda make it sound like its the sociopath type? But seriously, unless...
I like the idea of Jesus doing card tricks! Added, if you take the bible literally, he was an illusionist. I can see Jesus getting his roadies(the 12 disciples) to setup his walking on water trick....'"


2323: 'So yes intresting topic, what would u do if u accidently kinda subverted the government?
So il elaborate, cow weighs 600lb and to get perfect beef needs to be heated to a temperature of 180c for 25 mins per lb + 25 mins, with perfect internal temp of 70c, so any suggestions how to get...
ENTP = crow
Views?
I spot manipulation instatly, and if i see no way to turn it to my advantage I'll call them out, if i can see a way that letting them think im naive is somthing i can use then the hunter becomes the...
I've just put 20mg of diazepam in ur tea cause i cant put up with listening to your conversation on reality tv shows lol.
Well another great therapy session, today i thought id start with little bit of fun, me i think i may have alien hand syndrome her why do u think this me when im writing texts to people i have a...
Also minions!
Henchmen!!!
I must confess i just seen thread ask an istp and could not resist posting thisQthi Basically unshakeable gloomy assassin of the mind
Does ISTP stand for Indomitable Saturninely Triggerman of the Psyche.
Views?
Love loopholes!!
So what was the topic and who won?   ;-)[/QUOTE]  Topic was is it wrong to park in a mother an baby spot if u dont have baby with you. And i won, my argument was parking in supermarkets etc falls...
5 words or less.  Never trust a hungry cat!
I have one of these plans lol.
Thinking i did notice that being in denial was refreshing on a hot day, also how can denial be that wrong 40 million people live in denial (well denial delta region of Africa) lol.
You're in denial. NO I'M NOT!!![/QUOTE]  I was in denial once.....and this Egyptian dude said u know there's big crocodiles in there, i was instantly out of denial!! So denial is cured by...
Tbh tho i am happy to have her and she is helping me, got letter off her yesterday with her initial diagnosis(dumb gp referred me for aspd), i score 26/27 for depression and 19/21 for genralised...
I did question her views on equality, which gobsmacked her because my argument was undeniable.  Well humans have been evolving through primarily  natural selection for 195,000 years if i remember...
My strange view is if 2 phenotypes appear outwardly equal because Social equality has been pushed to far, but 1 is a stronger genotype, how then does a potential mate naturally select the stronger...
Is society interfering with human evolution by way of political correctness?  I.e in the quest for equality(just one point of contention), is society making strong phenotypes weaker due to the...
This seems a very similar to the psychological definition of maturity, having the ability to respond to your environment in an appropriate manner. This is a good description of maturity, but to me...
The way you split these 2 types is with their interactions with other people although house seems outwardly introverted, his need for interaction with people is ever apparent, and his thought process...
Thinking ENTP is most introverted of the Extroverts.  Thought of 11 reasons why fictional character House is ENTP  1His knowlage is extensive on all subjects and his mind is sharp as razor. 2...
Thinking should come up with 7 step plan to refine this idea so i could more easliy develop this make a million idea, but the 7 step plan for refining the make a million idea would also require a 7...
Thinking has come up with cunning plan to gets millions of pounds and then burn it in front of many entjs with my father at front of the pack of them.  Step one: post thread in ENTP forum Best way...
Thinking House = ENTP unhealthy one maybe though!
I was opposite i was always told to voice my views and opinions, where my parent's fell flat was in fact ENTJ dad ESTP mum = no emotions present lol, was fun and intresting childhood with my 4 Exxx...
Lol great list, i have one of these good behavior lists in social situations to is called my ISFJ girlfriend, she keeps an invisible mental list of all things iv ever said that anger people and...
Im pretty sure saudi Arabia areas of Nigeria and other assorted countries have a natural treatment to solve this.... go in to a shop an steal somthing, an naturally problem solved when they cut ur...
Hmm what would happen if i threw an ISTP into a super massive black hole????  Would black hole win? or would ISTP suck life out of the black hole????
Lol dont need to be entj to plot someones destruction, ENTPs are naturally better at this because my way atleast they would never see it coming would hit them with the enormity of a super massive...
Another ENTP, i wish i knew one irl lol it seems like im surrounded by SJs in my life lol, Although im pretty damn sure my 10 year old daughter is ENTP.
I have a cat and its messed up lol, its the most anally retentive cat iv ever seen, I.e it will use litter tray and spend 20 mins scratching at litter then meow at me next time want wee to change...
Maturity is important in all types.  We just dont seem as condescending as intps in debates but we argee more as we will argue any issue even if we dont belive in it where intps normally only argue...
I always thought one of those sphynx cats would be more sinister looking evil villian pets, or you could just shave a fluffy one cus tbh who does not like a shaved pussy lol!!
Outwardly we do not apper as him being subordinate though, if it was not for our name tags u would think he was in charge and i was subordinate, because i let him take lead most times as i recognise...
In personal life i would not spend massive amount of time with entj, but there intrinsic value in society is a logical inevitability, And being entp i share their limited capacity for emotions and...
I've always worked well with ENTPs.  I think it helps that I enjoy their company.   I like their sense of humor and their energy. We think differently, so we bring different things to the table, but...
Question is do you think entp+entj workplace combination is one of most beneficial combinations of nts?
Tbh only thing that stops people from thinking entj is my manager is the name badges lol, mine saying store manager and his being deputy,  But under the appearance of this im the evil dictator in...
What other types think of entjs is really irrelevant, as what a entj brings to the table is intrinsically valuable and they never seem to become a liability.  Where as entps value can be above and...
This reminds me a friend of mine is an ENTP and seems to have a mostly negative view of ENTJ's. Like she gets paranoid about certain people being manipulative, controlling etc. and then will be...
I must confess that i baited my isfj gf in to an argument/debate this evening because i was bored.  I also spent an hour today mocking my istp brother in law as the black hole he is was in danger...
Lol this might be intresting.
Hmmm 3 intp 2 entp, 3 days of amazing conversations 6 billion unique ways of creating a utopian society and how to implement it,  Then entps get very hungry consider hunter gathering as option, to...
Intolerant, insufferable, Overbearing, overly vocal, power mad, stubborn, impatient and arrogant. Thought id list your good qualitys lol.  But entjs are like mouths everyone should have one. ...
Forgive myself? My logic was sound i was suffering depression and wanted some pills, i proceeded to make a list of all the symptoms i had from dsm and typed it all out in logical rational way, with...
Okay... I wasn't directing my post to you but gee, thanks for insults?  This thread isn't only about ESTPs but I'm sure you will carry-on any way. You seem mighty hyper and love to hear yourself...'"


2324: 'Are they nice? INFJ. Are they an asshole? INTJ.   Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
He's not even weird really. He's just a loser. But other than that he's pretty average in all respects. I don't see any evidence of the creativity, imagination, artistic/literary/intellectual...
I think it's about whether you get off more on the sex itself or the orgasm.
I got ENTP so it works, but I'm gonna be honest: I didn't see much revolutionary about this test. In fact, this is the most blatant case of fraudulent advertising I've seen since the film The...
Uh, where's the intuition in Milhouse?
I was wondering if after all these years you'd like to meet.
I will post the same thing I posted in the main Trump thread but extended:  I would say Donald Trump is quite possibly the single most extreme personality I have ever witnessed. I literally believe...
I would say Donald Trump is quite possibly the single most extreme personality I have ever witnessed. I literally believe he is at 100% on every single MBTI scale. 100% E, 100% S, 100% T, and 100% P....
I hate questions like these, these unwinnable scenarios.  It's not fair, it's set up so that there's no way I can kill all 6!
Oh yeah, ESTPs can be clever for sure, didn't mean to imply otherwise. They just tend to be a bit more direct in their methods. Even a guy like Donald Trump, he may not be Tuco, but he's definitely...
Saul/Jimmy is def an ENTP and probably the character on TV who I relate to most, except I've gotten mixed up in somewhat fewer crazy shenanigans. (So far...) Don't think that just because con man...
Bernie Sanders? An INFP? What strain of weed are you smoking bruh, I wanna try it.  Dude is straight up ENFJ. He may be a bit sloppier than the stereotypical J, but that's probably just because...
Your username is disgusting and your profile pic isn't helping matters. Someone ban this fuck.
Don Draper was an ISTP with a strong intuitive side. Very clearly I, T, and P anyway, that's for sure. Not sure where you'd get something like ENTJ from other than the executive stereotype. But...
RIP First of all.  The knee jerk reaction to his type may be ESxP because he was an athlete, but after reading about him and particularly after watching this video:  ...
Katniss - ISTP (obvious, have no idea where anyone's getting things like IxTJ from, clearly a textbook SP) Peeta - ENFJ Gale - ESTJ President Snow - INTJ Haymitch - INTP Effie - ESFP Prim -...
I did some a few months back in what I think goes without saying was objectively the best post in this thread so far, but I've got some more to bless you all with now:  ESTJ:...
ENTJs get shit done but they can also be bossy and overbearing at times. INTPs are chill but some (not all) of them can be kind of annoying dweebs. And INTJs just suck.
Except that's not any more accurate so... Yeah. Sorry, I'm just not buying the idea that attractive or unattractive people are more likely to be any type than any other. You may have INFJs for...
They aren't though?  Someone's probably pointed out in this thread already that these types (especially ESFPs) may tend to be more likely to put effort into their dress, style, and the way they...
There is an idea of a Patrick Bateman, some kind of abstraction, but there is no real me, only an entity, something illusory, and though I can hide my cold gaze and you can shake my hand and feel...
That explains why the type most correlated to Asperger's is ISTJ...
14, ENTP, not an Aspie
How can someone so hot be so stupid?  Oh wait, that doesn't make sense.
^
If you have to be explained to why Trump is an ESTP, you have failed at MBTI and have probably failed at life.
Idk what the hell you all are talking about. Brian has never seemed like an ENFP. And since when has ENFP equaled liberal caricature? What, INTPs can't be liberals? Most of them are...
Been rewatching the show lately, preparing for new season. Dale Cooper is definitely not a T, LOL. ENFJ for sure. Warm, cheery, friendly, gregarious, outgoing, caring, sympathetic, passionate,...
:rolleyes:
Kendrick is not even close to an extrovert. He literally wrote a whole song about being an introvert. I think he's probably INFJ on further reflection.
You would say wrong.
Changed my mind on Paul, I think he's ESTJ, below average agreeableness. The rest I stand by.
Is it smart?  Is it funny?  Is it sexy?  If your answer be yes to all three, an ENTP it may be.
I don't support Trump because I do not happen to be mentally retarded.
The better to fuck with my dear.
Oh yeah, well, I had sex with your wife.
By the way, anyone who says Hillary Clinton is an extrovert is waaaaaaayyyyyyyy off. Celebrity Types really is cancer. I don't know how anyone could possibly think that woman is an extrovert,...
The only relevant candidates left. I've made some slight changes.  Hillary Clinton: INTJ Bernie Sanders: ENFJ Donald Trump: ESTP Ted Cruz: ENTP Marco Rubio: ESFJ  After today, only the INTJ...
Hillary is definitely not an extrovert, but otherwise yeah you're mostly right in the sense that she is a lot more cautious, rehearsed, and a planner. She is extremely conscientious while Trump is...
If we ignore functions, he is unsympathetic, blunt, hard, abrasive, and unafraid to hurt feelings or say exactly what he thinks without filter - so F is out of the question. And he's also impulsive,...
100% preference. Anyone who says otherwise is objectively wrong. The test is CLEARLY a measure of preference, not a measure of ability at all.  Which is, frankly, why it sucks at predicting job...
Lol ESTJ
This is completely wrong. How do you explain xxTP types who are neurotic and disagreeable? Are you saying they're all either FPs or TJs? Or xxFP types who are low neuroticism? Are they actually TPs?...
I know I've been through this subject before, but I just cannot stress it enough. Go read some of their unbearably snobby and pretentious articles and then look at their admin comments below and...
Lol I can't believe we're still talking about this. The guy was INFJ as sure as Einstein was INTP.
Political liberalness is associated with high openness to experience on the Big Five, which is in turn associated with an N preference in MBTI. So a disproportionate number of all N types (including...
Ha, you wish:  I think fast, I talk fast, and I need you to guys to act fast if you wanna get out of this. - Not an introvert...
Nah. Both types are stereotyped as:  1. Likes to argue 2. Troublemakers 3. Daredevils 4. Manipulative 5. Pranksters/jokesters 6. Opportunists 7. Persuasive 8. Rebellious
ENTP is literally the only type even close to 1% as possible as ESTP, but no. He's an ESTP.
wat'"


2325: 'The world is ruled by stupids because the smart ones are full of doubt.... :-)  You just seem lonely. I am with you there. And I think you need to accept yourself... And the fact that you are a...
Well... It is difficult to find people to connect to if you are into stuff like self-reckoning and introspection at that age. Or if you are very smart or just plain different from the norm.  You...
NIDBILD nailed it perfectly as I understand it: End of thread :-) http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/PersonalityCafe/misc/quote_icon.png Originally Posted by NiDBiLD...
I believe it is actually the opposite, practice and experience aside: The introverts don't have their tendrils and feelers out to prod the room, and then are not as overloaded as the outroverts. I...
Well, being one of the self employed, I am also not that interested in money as motivation. My ENTJ brother, though, is sort of efficient in this way: He gets the degrees, and gets into a line of...
ENTP: Catalysts for the people and innovations around them.. But not necessarily reaping the benefits.
Many persons are always kept poor, because they are too visionary. Every project looks to them like certain successes, and therefore they keep changing from one business to another, always in hot...
Derailed... I think it all boils down to the initial statements in this thread as to WHAT you mean by creativity. I think we all can agree to that creativity (as in thinking INNOVATIVE new thoughts...
Just came across this in a Swedish MBTI (short version) test.... Interesting outcome type-wise :-) At the top you find the - according to literature - most rare types, INTJ and INFJ (and ENFJ). ExTP...
ENTJ: All work and no play  ENTP: The road not taken  In essence.
This post deserves to be a sticky.... It explains it so well.
I do think the ENTJs should be wise enough to hire or promote for instance visionary ENTPs to higher ranks. I think this would really improve business... But it would disrupt structure and power,...
The interesting thing is that ENTPs are the far worst paid of the NTs, and also among lowest paid of all types. I think is true... Many jump around with entrepreneurial ideas but lack real motivation...
I am over 40, and still worry the family with three consecutive nights sleeping 1-3 hours because of gaming, flow or the occasional small kid-syndrome. I basically stay up until I fall asleep, at...
Nidbild: Bravo. I only check in here a couple of times per year, but this.... gav mig ngot. Du har fattat. Och jag med i hgre grad p grund av exempelvis din post. Hoppas du hade en bra jul-...
ENTJ, ESTJ and ESFJs etc are drawn towards management. Who at this time of age- and historically -  are grossly overpaid compared to average Joe...   That skews things thus.
Tack tack.. Men det blir mer sllan nu... :-)
My really strong empathy and idealism. I might be an ENFP... Probably not though. But I wouldn't have a problem with that.
When you look needy it is impossible to get close to anyone. Even showing weakness always drives people away for me... I just accepted it as fact. As a guy I shouldn't display it and expect to be...
Perhaps I am once more mistaken for someone else?
Many seem to think doing a very nice looking knitting creative, or painting a realistic painting. That would be SJ specialist turf.   If you instead are considering groundbreaking new stuff, or...
ENTP 3/10: HAD ONE OR TWO Intellectually apt FRIENDS, BUT THEY WERE COWARDLY AND LONGED TO BELONG TO THE PARTYGOERS... AND SO THEY LACKED LOYALTY. (sorry for caps lock). I was also late into puberty,...
I think you read it wrong and thus reach the wrong conclusions.... I think he compares to autonomic systems like breathing just to make an example of autonomics. Personally I think...
Automatic processes are unconscious... Yes, that is correct. Not too new though... Have I missed some detail? I also think that the intuition is multi-processing, model building to predict outcomes...
Only a few personality Types dominate the screens.... ENTP is one of the types that just don't come out clearly or favorably in simplified roles and thus are rare. Most roles are Doers, Romantics,...
Not too shabby..... I have been called a mature ENTP here on this forum.IRL I am a martial arts instructor for all ages so I can hang out with everyone when it comes to age... I believe any person of...
Wasn't it Nardi that said that xNTJs only use the same small portion of the brain in an efficient loop for ALL decisions? They seek efficiency in outside world too and Nardis data seem to indicate...
Tobe a good sales rep you got to dig the stuff. And being an Apple user since 1992, I really see how you can have problem seeming enthused by the MS offerings.... My god... I do.   Good luck with...
I thought INTJ cold robotness was a stereotypical myth.... Then I read this....:-)  Bullying is a bonding process where some people use undesireds/victims to bond the rest of the group together....
OK, then, speculation time:  J and P sort of , to me, represents different STRATEGIES of coping with reality. As researchers trying to create AI have learned, it is impossible (extremely resource...
You have read or seen Nardis work? mapping brain patterns to MBTI personality types? Google it...
I am not as prolific here as I was a few years ago, but boy were there infected threads about Fe vs Fi. Just do a search in the forum.... You learned a lot about the issues at hand the the extreme...
If the majority of people were Ns, the S would have a really tough time socially at school. Stereotypically speaking. Now it is just the other way around....
WE are both home blind, S as well as Ns. Have difficulty imagining the walk in other sides shoes....  It is no more strange than being a sport-hating minority in a sports-college. Or being the...
I believe that is called Te. Very typical.
...and I guess you know exactly where the line between useful generalization and typist goes? I believe in more greys than black and white, even though the latter can be very useful in discussions...
MBTI IS stereotyping. Useful at its best.... if you think so.
Perhaps it is more about a fascination with the THEORIZING itself than the actual theory at hand? To see things as they would be IF the theory was true; where will it take us? To be able to see many...
ENTP forum were ripe with threads about awkward childhoods a couple of years ago... Mine were difficult too. So, not just for INxx.  Sooner or later you just have to embrace that you are different,...
Perhaps try to step back to get more overview/big picture... I think that you will find that you are good at what you do. For me, it was people around me that could not understand me and what I could...
Interesting thinking... I like it that you challenge views and think differently. I do not agree with every idea you put forth .... But I would suggest you are at least as correct as the common...
I was very black-and-white about this matter when in early 20s... Then suddenly I was very near to have cheated after a wet night out and a severe relationship crisis. From this I learned two things:...
People have a tendency to type idols as their own type. But I must say that the introversion thing in the quote, together with the fact that she doesn't connect with many people and have had...
Banksy= Ne
Interesting to see suggestions and your background. The ENTJs I know are not very entrepreneurial nor innovative. They are good at organizing and making things run efficiently (and play the social...
Team up with an ISTJ..... Perhaps?
I think they seem less scientific, if you can call MBTI that. More horoscope-like, and with interesting, educating and well done psychological analyzes of certain motifs and behaviors, but at the...
Brought up by SJs, I just wondered what was wrong with me.
You look good. And one day you will understand it. Just dont let these sweet days slip you by.... Perhaps you will never look better. And for guys, self confidence makes you look better. That is the...
Not that I actually care, but he is stated to be ENTP on some site, if I am not mistaken. If that is correct or not is something else. From what I know of ENTJs - and I know a few of high rank in...'"


2326: 'Or perhaps you are looking at the letters too closely and not seeing the bigger picture.  I have two female ISTJ friends - both remind me of each other and both remind me of Katniss, although one...
5'5, 125 lbs, hour glass but work/work chair is slowly gradually effecting that
Katnis is absolutely an ISTJ.  One of my good friends is exactly like her, it's creepy.  She's very naive about most things but very intelligent in other ways, resourceful, loves putting things like...
Wandering around the world, backpack on, er, back, meeting an assortment of unusual, philanthropic, idealist people from everywhere, helping save people's lives, mastering several foreign languages. ...
Nope, never.  I have morals, strong ones, even though they aren't apparent to everyone.
lazily extraverted, if that's possible.  require motivation.
INFPs - crazy fun, tiringly unreliable  INTJs - moth to flames, very hot, blueish, crippling flames    Looked.  Hot.
In all seriousness, I really do like to pursue, at least to a degree.  I like to put in some effort, mostly in the beginning so I don't lose interest, and then have you fall for me and do the rest...
second that    We do...it involves expletives.
OK, so this is an update on the situation that made me post my original question.  So, even though I wasn't able to react and defend myself right when I was slighted, I was able to say something a...
I love the idea of having a standard line to say when you know someone said something possibly insulting but you cant process it right away!  Hmm...     Anyway, if you aren't ever offended,...
Anyone else have problems standing up for yourself when the initial offensive comment or action is made?  I have absolutely no problem reacting quickly to help protect and defend other people but...
I'm a Benevolent Inventor
Haha, well, it's been more than two years since I originally started this post and, I can honestly say that you REALLY do realize that you learned A LOT of very important lessons from hard times. ...
Ha!  I've misjudged TWO ENTPS as being INTJs before!  So weird.  I thought I was the only one to do that.  Also, makes me wonder if others see me INTJ-like sometimes too.
Watch out for competing personalities.  Also, over analyzing.
I'm BARELY in this age range but I am, and so in my case, I am still single and, after rough endings with the last few men I've dated, I'm ready for a break.  I will say that I've learned so much...
Just saw this article and thought I'd post it to this thread, since we briefly discussed older women with younger men...  I can relate to Roberta (albeit, I only dated someone 6 years my junior)...
...INFJs and INTJs.  Oddly, I get along best with them too.  X P  Like a moth to a flame.
Good point, a lot of ENTPs probably understand people's motives.  I think I do too, but I also can feel horrible when, say, telling people that they have wronged me in some way, mostly because I...
My mother just called me this, stating that she's always known me to be this.  Not sure why she waited till now to tell me.  Anyone else feel like an empath or have been described as such?  The...
My favorite kind of eyes
Yes, she does seem stressed and she has admitted that reorganizing relieves her stress.  I think that organizing things when stressed is common for a lot of people, regardless of type, but...
Funny, when I started getting into MBTI, I pegged my INFJ best friend as an INFP.  It's not that she's dirty or messy, it's that she's always late for things, forgets things, forgets to tell me...
Those are interesting points; the organized mess.  My boss can be very detail oriented, but it's not about things that most people are concerned with.  For instance, her desk is chaotic - piles of...
I think that my current roommate and boss are INFJs.  I noticed a similar characteristic in both, that they constantly reorganize things in the house or at work.  They come up with a new way to do...
One thing I noticed though is that I have a very hard time letting guys in and showing them that I really care.  This has been a complaint time and time again.  Anyone else feel this way?  I'm...
I feel you here.  I kinda look like a barbie or cheerleader if you don't know me, but as soon as I start talking (or spitting, or laughing obscenely loudly, or cussing...), you realize that you can't...
Hahaha, the fact that this is still even going on means that you are bothered by it.  I'm not trying to annoy you, just that I'm saying, lighten up and stop being rude and patronizing to women. ...
You sure you're not really an ISTJ?!  hahahahahahahahahahahaha, again, not wanting to claim you as an ENTP.  So sad.  Also, Ms. Goodwitch is gorgeous, where are your glasses?  ; )  Um, if you want...
Oh my god, you're pathetic haha.  I would rather not claim you as an ENTP.
Oh man, so sorry you're hanging out with unattractive older women but there are plenty of hot ladies out there older than 34.  You're kinda ridiculous ha. ...
I've given up on INTJs.  I only met one in person, fell in love with him right away, he then proceeded to put me through friendship hell for a year and decided he only wanted to be friends that made...
http://www.google.com/imgres?hl=en&sa=X&rls=com.microsoft:en-us:IE-SearchBox&biw=1289&bih=1044&tbm=isch&prmd=imvns&tbnid=blaaeIIESkk9YM:&imgrefurl=http://blog.vh1.com/2008-06-06/roar-hollywoods-hottes...
I'm a female, I can honestly say I've never had sex with a virgin, therefore I wouldn't be of much help.  But....  I'm a female, so possibly more in touch with my feelings than male ENTPs?  But...
Yup.  I don't do it because it makes me feel young, I think I act young anyway which is probably why these young boys hit on me.  They have no idea how old I am and are usually shocked.  That said,...
Ha!  Good luck.  My experimental phase has lasted a decade.  It is tiring and then you tell yourself, I'm ready to settle down and get serious with someone, I don't want to do this anymore, I just...
Anyone else date people all over the place in age, personality type, looks, height, width, every other way possible?  I'm starting to worry that I am just a freak.  I've dated guys 11 years my senior...
On average, I get 5 years my junior.  I've been confused for someone 10 years my junior too.  Most recently, I've been attracting men who are literally 9-10 years younger than me.  Not sure what I'm...
Oh hell no!  It takes me several failed attempts to figure it out on my own before I make myself read the instructions.  My old INFJ roommates used to think that not reading the instructions made me...
I have two ISTJ friends and used to have an ISTJ coworker.  From what I can tell, we get along very well in an activity or action oriented relationship, meaning that we do sports, dance, go out with...
If you ever end up having a crush on a girl and you can't figure out why you both have stare offs and you can't read her, it's probably because she's your match.  Meaning she's probably an ENTP too. ...
two more:  climbing gyms or outside climbing areas, grad school ; )
I have an INFJ best friend and an INFJ boss, both female.  I may have an INFJ new roommate as well, so I think they are drawn perhaps to us as much as we are to them?  In my humble opinion, the...
Soccer.  I love soccer : )  I'll be the one hacking at everyone's legs and cussing haha and then I'll flirt on the sidelines.
[QUOTE=the3rdpower;1584721]Epic sex Jedi mind games Senseless hours of randomness 2x's the messy house 2x's the adrenaline junky syndrom  [QUOTE]  I'm validating most of these descriptions -...
Also, I'm now confirming that there is a lot of foresight and stealth and coincidences involved in the wooing process hahaha.  And it may pay off.  ha
is this from experience?
bike riding trip with good friends during torrential rain that happily surprised us on what was the hottest day of the year, and during a time when my apartment's AC was broken.  it felt like a...
he sounds great!  Oh weird, the entp that's pursuing me invited himself and a friend of ours to my house for a movie night, and ended up staying over till 4 a.m., after the friend left (nothing...'"


2327: 'I am not looking forward to my girlfriend / fianc going off to a University 300 miles away.  She is going away next month. From 2 weeks ago I have become overly sensitive and a nervous wreck, way...
God mode man: ERROR only works when dead
A lot of people get the impression that I am just silly and that I am talking rubbish, but when they actually start talking to me properly and querying what I know they are actually impressed with my...
I don't do anger, I do revenge :D
Sounds a bit like me XD
Your mum is like a shotgun two cocks and she is loaded. Your mum is like a mosquito, you have to slap her to stop sucking. I would say you have your dad's eyes but your mum has slept around so much...
I agree with you guys
So I have noticed something which astounds the majority of my peers. I can get away with a lot of rulebreaking. I break rules that I don't think are important. A teacher or member of staff would see...
I like the sound of that ;)
I have drunk alcohol, smoked weed, taken MDMA (ecstasy) and OD (overdosed) on 6APB AKA benzofury.  I loved them all (except the latter of the list. The thing is I was interested in discovering them...
As long as it supported my ideals and I knew it would not spin out into a new stronger enemy.
a big face Palm wouldn't be adequate for this thread.  Personal energy.  Sure that exists. It is our natural instinct to be able to judge people in split seconds. It is something we have evolved...
A new girl with new rules!  We both are advocating for a poly relationship, She is dominant where I have found that I rather like being submissive.  She has also done BDSM where I haven't but am...
Well I dumped my girlfriend because we couldn't give each other what we wanted. (She wanted commitment and a serious relationship). On to a new game and it is oh so interesting.
I wouldn't think so. Maybe more juggling involved but from the people that do have poly relationships it sounds like they love it.    Well I am not exactly testosterone filled. Just enjoy the...
Well I would be cool with my girlfriend going out and kissing other people, I mean my (ex)girlfriends have taste. I don't see any moral problems with kissing other girls when in a relationship. I am...
I may have to consider doing that. It would be way cooler...
I am, and have, gone out with awesome girls. When I do have a girlfriend I find that it is super magnetised and there are sparks. When I am, after the initial exploration of them and hanging out,...
Being a rebel is too mainstream for me XD
Hahaha... here is a wet suit. Tell me if you see any of them down in the deep blue...
I alternate depending on the environment I am in.
If, by partying,  you mean dieing of malaria and dehydration... then yeah sure :P
I don't find it funny.
WARNING: being around me for prolonged periods of time may cause lapses in confidence, judgement and sanity. I take no responsibility for any damage caused to yourself, belongings and or ego....
Oh,  I despised english and can totally relate to him and remember how much of a pain in the ass I was about it. The only thing that worked for me was the certain teachers that taught me. I had some...
Ok, I am back.  Try this,  get him to write some stories and push him to be as symbolic and metaphorical as possible, just don't tell him that directly.  Get him to read some Douglas Adams, The...
Long boarding Reading Debating Finding new bands to listen too Philosophy Thinking in general Procrastinating instead of doing work
Well, if he is an ENTP, as you would know we are notorious for arguing for the sake of it. I believe this child is probably the same as me when it comes to english and the seemingly phony symbolism...
Ha?
Want to hear a joke? Womans rights.   My girlfriend called me a pedophile, that is a pretty big word for a 10 year old.   My colleague said to me you couldn't see your own dick in the shower....
We can be polarising, where people will have an opinion about us. There generally isn't any margin of indifference.   I find that our personality is a natural filter for finding the right crowd to...
Well, Occam's razor dictates that: the invisible pink unicorns got pissed off by the tax evading airline the airline is actually run by a bunch of fairies and so it's obvious that the plane is in...
I think that we can act stupid to mess with people. We do it for fun and quite deliberately.  We are smart asses, naturally.  I think the trick is for us not to be egotistical.
I'm not religious, Christianity isn't a religion, it is a way of life!  Phahaha just phucking with you all... ^^^ That is just something my mum would say to me.
I smell some bullshit in the air.... or maybe it is your mumma XD  I think the OP is talking out of irony or ignorance eitherway ==>  XD
What he ^^^ said... It is a bad idea!
I love chess... and I am awesome at it!
MDMA tends to open me up XD
I do not care if there is anyone is in the toilet...   As long as they do  not come for my ass!
INFPs (well the ones I have met (my count is about 7 confirmed INFPs who I keep in contact with) get offended easily, rather emotional, won't admit that they are wrong under pressure, terrible at...
Because of discrimination and for 'safety' (for either or both parties but generally for the females).  Probably stems from when women used to be unequal to man and were not allowed to be in...
I shouldn't think so.
I think that we want the relationship without the feeling of being caged or trapped. Even the thought of not being able to be free at any time is a bit daunting or at least that is me.  That is why...
No, a complete mess. But I haven't cried in about 2-3 years so yeah :D
The test is complete. Here are your results; scores are between 0 and 4.   TraitScorePercentile  Warmth 2.6  / Warmth is how nice to people you are. [more] Reasoning 3.3
In the future we will have more bioengineering, and incorporation of technology with our bodies. We will still have a shit ton of wars and fighting. electric hybrid cars will be in the majority....
Curiosity didn't kill the cat, the neighbour did! pretentious douche what you going to do? caplock me to death? I am not wrong, you just can't comprehend the method in the madness I am...
11: Pretty oblivious about social cues, never really needed to know them, just was that person that walked up to people and started playing whatever they were playing.  11-14: Got beat up a few...
If you have loads of trees around you, make an obstacle course with swings and stuff ^.^  or weave it to make furniture or hammocks.
Before you read this there are a few things you need to know: 1.I am 18, to you with intellect this shouldnt be an issue or a argument. I hate ageism, it is a pathetic way of reasoning (unless...'"


2328: 'I came here a few years ago as an INTP 5w4 loner who has never been with a girl and had so much anxiety, a lack of discipline and will power. Now I'm an ENTP 8w7. I've changed so much.   I hang...
Don't overcomplicate this. Behaviour of an interested individual is always more or less the same. It has to be in order for it to be recognized. The signs are universal.   Trust your instincts.
I think a depressed/disappointed/insecure INTP can behave and think in a similar fashion as a defense mechanism. I doubt many INTPs actually have this disorder. Currently, I don't have any of the...
Edit: Ok, I'm biased. Nvm.
Science or Religion?  This whole debate can be alegoriezed by this conversation  Girl tells a guy: I really want you to fuck me and later you can fuck my hot friend as well, we can have a...
Before Nietzsche I had a picture of Donnie Darko with an axe. Maybe you are on to something...
I never had a crush on anybody in this forum. I admired a couple of people who posted rarely. Other than that I only developed some negative feelings towards people who annoyed me.   I guess I just...
No, usually people turn to atheism when they stop believing that god exists.  Also, you seem like a lovely self-hating sinner. Your wickedness amuses me. Can you share your sins with us?...
I'm an INTP and I can relate to this. He might be a stronger enneagram 3 than most of us are.  I have several points to make, and I will be brief, even terse.  First, we all have different...
I find it funny that most people go from There is overwhelming evidence for God. to I'm an Atheist. in so little time. As if they have to constantly say to themselves that the evidence is...
Lol, I was so stupid 2 and a half years ago. Also, my English was teeerrible ^^
Oh, he was sincere. He really had integrity. If you seek an answer from him, you will find it. No shady stuff.
Well, I respect this one ENTJ guy I grew up with, he's name is Christian. Coolest dude ever.
You can become what ever you wish to. If you want to become more organized, future oriented, calm person, you definitely can. There is a way of managing the development and control of your functions...
I'm an apatheist, a pantheist, anti-theist agnostic atheist and a God. No, srsly.
You have an egocentric attitude about psychology, other people use their dominant functions with the same ease that you are using your own. Personally, as an INTP, using Fi just almost never happens,...
Edited. no reason.
JennyWocky is on the right path to a correct answer, all the others are way wrong and son, I am disappoint. You guys need to think more.
My penis did. Sorry if the truth disappoints you in any way, but yeah.
Sounds a lot like an INFP girl I used to date.
Well, my highschool friends where an ENTJ, an ISTP and an ENTP. We debated A LOT.  Here are just a couple of observations: ENTJs are less likely to make logical errors than ENTPs, but will often...
Hi there, lovely ENFPs.   I'm a good ol' robot INTP and I have a question for you guys regarding your Fi driven decision. Anyways, as an INTP, my Fe is low and my Fi as well, so most of my daily...
Reading Ranko Marinkovics Cyclops and enjoying every bit of it.
Fellow INTPs. Don't be harsh on JSN0X, he is probably only getting into MBTI and doesn't know all the details of the theory.  Going of tangents is an Ne thing.  Her definition of growing up is...
My answer for why I write is pretty simple, I always wanted to and now I do. :)  Writing, for me, has several stages, several steps, if you will. Firstly, I take a simple thought that pops in my...
I mostly play a game called Real life. Best graphics and biggest versatility of gameplay, I gotta admit.
May I ask you,  Why, oh why, You want to change Your friend's own image of I.   Let him suffer, If pain he chose. Don't be fooled! He won't listen  to your pathetic
I am smart, they are dumb. If they can do it properly, so can I. - This is my mantra
I want an INTP girlfriend :(  /cry
Statistically we are the least ''Christian'' of all types it seems.
I'm a weird example. I can spend months in my room, getting out of it only to take something out of a fridge and for a friendly chat here and there, and then I have a period of extroversion where I'm...
I myself am an INTP and I also have an ISFJ mother, she did the test herself and it matches her really good.  Since she's an introvert, she much better understands my behaviour than my ESTJ father....
Well, Plato himself has nothing to do with Gnosticism. I have interpreted him the same way his contemporaries did. Maybe Gnosticism takes the Allegory of the Cave and uses it to tell a different...
Are you implying that I have misinterpreted him here?    :) well, that's better I guess.
Christianity has very little to do with paganism, a little bit of Orfic element here and there, but it's mostly quite original. (if you disregard the fact that it grew out of Judaism :P) Also, what I...
Over 10 000 denominations. Praise the Lord!
Yes, ISTPs have to be the best golfers! That dominant introverted thinking really helps you hit the ball right! /facepalm
There is a section called ''other''.  Gnostic? Seriously? xD I've just been reading about them, at least what they have been in early christianity. Not a very appealing belief :D
You sure are a modest fellow.
I'm an apatheist. I was raised in a conservative roman catholic family, but I never was really conservative myself, it is just so far from my nature. I was a strong believer for over 17 years.
What's facetious? Eh, whatever, having a 3some in an hour. Later guys.    Umm? Sorry for not being politically correct?  You know, fake modesty is disgusting. I am far away from a narcissist,...
Wow dude, I don't know about other ENTPs, but if you believe life is like a video game than you are pretty damn dumb. There is definitely, using your analogy, a finite number of points, but don't...
People are emotional beings. Most of them can't think clearly and detach like we INTPs so easily can. So they actually emotionally exhaust themselves.   And for some people the logical parts of the...
Of all things the measure is Man, of the things that are, that they are, and of the things that are not, that they are not.  - Protagoras  The road uphill and a road downhill is one and the same....
The history of western philosophy by Bertrand Russell.  After that I'm reading Sartre's ''Being and Nothingness''
*faith in humanity restored*
Seems like my plan to convert everyone to nihilism is working :) And I wasn't even trying this time
This is not a logical statement. It supposes that a human can stand for something from the moment of his conception, because if he doesn't, in other words - if at the beginning of his life, a human...
Tool - Vicarious    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hii17sjSwfA  Eye on the the TV 'Cause tragedy thrills me Whatever flavor it happens to be, like... Killed by the husband Drowned by the...
I have no problems with romantic rejection. Maybe the reason for it is that it takes very long for me to emotionally attach to anyone. And I will most certainly never emotionally attach to someone...'"


2330: 'Yea I agree with you. I just wanted to countereact to the american attitude of saying everything was invented there, which shined a bit there :D. I not all too serious about whether its an empire...
haha, you forgot to say: the inventor of overstatements as well :D  - The first Autobahn (highway) of the world was built in Berlin in 1921 called the AVUS.  - The invention of...
serious business :D  http://i295.photobucket.com/albums/mm135/7xB/GUYS-SHHHHH-THIS-IS-SRS-BSNS.jpg
This what my gf told me too when I tended to work thru the night. And I listen to my gf no bs srs bsns, hell I love that langauge :D
I thought similiary but I am not so sure if its only about comitment for me. I usually pride myself in being comitted and dedicated think for me its really more about just forgetting about some...
^^ This 100%. I wonder if this a phaenomena exclusive to entjs ?
What General von Ludendorff doesnt know what an empire is ? That will change soon Corporal, go and clean the toilets !! :D
next level cat is watching this   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjQPeyKkHj4
Ya and then you try to call your girlfriend and tell her that she was right and you were just a huge douchebag that day a thing you by then not only say, but notice. And it frightens you how little...
If you dont understand that you aint able or willing to empathize. If you cant imagine that you live in this world with blind eyes. Or are you a robot ?
Thanks for your response. I read up on the functions but I find them all in me. Except regarding the S and N difference that's what initially brought me to mbti. I was before mbti already knowing...
Hi there,  I know we dont know each others quite as long as you prolly do know some other people, still I'd like to ask if you by chance have an idea how to decide whether one is entp or entj. I...
The Todd ! He's moving, uuu   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPQCDdUoZCI&feature=related
Contemplating your emotions doesnt make you un-entpish on the contrary. They are prolly the worst enemy you'll have in your life and the earlier you deal with them the better.   I've experienced...
I totally misunderstood the thread title. I was expecting a question that asks me if I laugh before I place the final blow :D   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-flQmtL_IQ
hammer on nail :laughing:
Dunno comes of a bit estp but all the actors seemed strange since they made Star Trek mainstream. I think Scotty came closest to my understanding of an entp, Kirk could be one tho too, wouldnt rule...
Could be that he was an enfp, would it make even easier to like him cause if he was an entp, I'd be like liking myself. That is awful ! *licks own arm* :D
Ich hab 10,000 posts drben auf typologycentral, das bringt mir aber gar nix denn typeC ist down :/   Grats to you :)
It's hard to find a grown-up intp, who has style. :) Thats prolly the biggest challenge
You know you are a thinker, when your jokes start to offend people xD   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7jDRqaJU2E&feature=related
I once read that a perfectionist is a romanticist at heart. Cause while he will never be happy with anything he does, thinking about it, only with heartly matters he can achieve perfection. This is a...
I've known countless people in my life, I've never stopped searching and asking. Always in every time someone differently has amazed me, most often by me only learning about his or her personality....
Music:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmrXR3MjWz8&feature=related
I've always been looking for rolemodels in my daily life; I was never the one to identify myself with great historical figurines. Of course I wanted to be Picard but who didnt ? :D  The greatest...
Here's one from the prouder times of my life :)  http://s1.directupload.net/images/110601/lxvu2pb3.jpg
I am very sceptical of this system. It is dangerous to existing relationships, because it assumes so much about people, it even condemns some relationships to death.   If my gf would come to me and...
1. What type did you mistype as? ENTJ 2. What is your actual type? ENTP 3. How long did it take you to figure out that you weren't the type you thought you were? About a year on typeC. Tho I...
no problem, anytime :)
You are forgiven. :D  We lately had a long discussion on typoC about the european attitude to make fun of americans. I assured that not every european is like that and that there are actually...
Thanks for your opinion.
Do you think that humans are good or bad or that they can do good or bad ?
I see.   Well as an Fe user I cant really say I am less sensitive about getting my feelings hurt than others and I'd think of that assumption in comparison to the Fi way of dealing with things as...
It's often said that Fe seeks for harmony in a group or at least a harmonious way of solving conflict. Did one ever think about the possibility that Fe could be aswell be about control ? As in...
Intresting theory, havent thought about this one yet
Van  Tho that's pretty obvious cause the shortest distance between two points is always the straight line :D
Hello everyone,  I came here from typologycentral and thought I am giving you guys a try :).   I am 27 years old from Germany, student of mechanical engineering and a tech and techno freak. I am...'"


2345: 'FaintStar  I tested as an INTP on this one, which is consistent with basically every other online test I've taken.  Still, I chalk that up to my social anxiety/social introversion/enneagram 5,...
Does this thing act as a replacement for a physical defect/deficiency?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGytDsqkQY8
If someone did choose to wear this, would they wear it on their head?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPU8OAjjS4k
Paulie, you're consistently pumping out stuff I love, but have never heard of before. Keep it up, dude!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUdhmv1fy6M
Not an INFJ, but I'm going to insert my opinion here anyway. Hope that's alright!  I 100% agree with those who say that if you choose to hang out with him, your best bet is to be absolutely...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkuP-ki6SDQ
@forgotten reason  To be fair, I'd call virtually all claims of truth outside of solipsism and tautology faith in some sense of the word. No trolling involved there.  That's not to say that all...
Line dances, you say? ;)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byQIPdHMpjc
10 Gold Stars for your appreciation of the greatest southern rock group of all time!  I'll go twice in a row, then. This one was based on a real experience that happened in a Jacksonville bar...
INForJoking  I saw them live at the St. Augustine Amphitheater years back, shortly before they released their Tennessee Pusher album. They gave us a sneak peek at Methamphetamine, and played an...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4Bp-68W-2c
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4nI7AgUKwk
1) Depends on your standard of proven not true. The only things I consider proven not true, strictly speaking, are contradictions of personal subjective truths and logical impossibilities. Under...
I associate colors and qualities with the numbers 1-12, individual letters, and musical chords.  D chords are various shades of green, C chords range from yellow to yellow-brown, F chords are...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsQrKZcYtqg
INForJoking mp2   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPs8d7BbOv0  As for the association game...   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqDhE01jV_g
mp2  Glad to hear it, man! Remind yourself of today the next time you're overanalyzing a similar situation.
Kirjuri  Condolences, man. :
Do it be a shrine?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SECVGN4Bsgg
mp2  My 2 cents? Do it.  Either you end up meeting someone you're compatible with, possibly long-term, OR it ends up not working out, and you come away with an interesting story to tell people....
This strikes me as spot-on if and only if the parties in question are an ENTP with little to no capacity for tact and empathy, and an INFJ with little to no capacity for viewing things from an...
Is it a sauna?
INForJoking  See? Two more great Creed moments that I can't choose between. :p  You probably know a few Grass Roots songs without even realizing it, like the one below. You can see young Creed on...
I think [the fictional] Creed suffers from some sort of psychosis due to extensive use of psychedelics, dissociatives, and entheogens. With that in mind, it'd be difficult to try to accurately type...
Paulie  That's the first time I've heard that they covered that song. The Grateful Dead are really hit or miss for me, but I can definitely dig that one.  ...
You covered objective statements about personal subjective truths, yet show no love for tautologies?  For shame, Sovereign, for shame... :wink:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0QeXwCcdyQ
Would you find this part of a building in a typical house?
These days I spend about 80% of my time on PerC here in the INFJ forum. I really like the combination of high activity, low flaming, and the balance of deep discussion and lighthearted game...
There are certain values that I have no trouble identifying as part of my sense of identity, but I see no reason why adaptability can't be a major piece of the puzzle.
I love that clip, LOL.  I don't think I've ever seen Steve Buscemi in a role I didn't love.
I'm generally very neutral when I first interact with new people. It's less a matter of putting up barriers, and more a matter of needing to read people long enough to discern the best way to...
Reminds me of this scene from 30 Rock.  http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/how-do-you-do-fellow-kids.jpg   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5i8TsSAGbzU  ...
I'm currently at the end of season 2 on something like my 10th playthrough.  Creed is love. Creed is life.
Do you think she will stop?  She may stop doing it in front of you if your previous conversation made her self-conscious about the way you view her, or if she thinks it may result in you, in turn,...
INForJoking  I finally picked up on the thing I was missing in the min post. Can't believe it didn't come to me sooner.  BTW, you spoke of Review in the past tense. I'm holding out a small...
mistakenforstranger  I have to insist you binge watch this ASAP. It's somehow both one of the saddest and most hilarious things on TV right now.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Review_(TV_series)
I'm so confused right now. This is gonna drive me nuts until I figure it out.  Hurricanes are over the ocean. Min... Minnesota? Maybe she's telling me to get a job as an OBGYN for seagulls in...
Unless you're planning on stalking me next week, I definitely got that last one. Well played.  https://media.giphy.com/media/qaUKNZs4cCUzm/giphy.gif  Either I'm still missing all the other ones,...
I'm sure there's a treasue chest joke to be had regarding your use of the word seaward, but it's not coming to me.:'(  Instead, I'll get back on topic. Is it an afro?
That's deep. :o  I spent way too much time looking for hidden puns in this post. I was expecting a bit of tit for tat, if you will.  Oh well, probably for the breast that you just nipped it in...
At the risk of sounding like an arrogant boob, I'd like to think my Epic-teatuses were the inspiration for this guess.
Is it a piercing?
Is it a physical feature?
Winner winner! 28 gold stars for you.  It was Freddy T, arguably the most underrated running back in league history. Had he played for virtually any other team, he'd have been a guaranteed...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qxSwJC3Ly0
Really good guess, but no. And PLEASE feel free to use Google. I don't want to go twice in a row. :D  I freaking love D-Smith, and it didn't even occur to me that his last name was also a trade....'"


2363: XD
Estp   https://youtu.be/lHDF2_qe_0k  Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
Maby just for the thrill of it, some people are into that [emoji14]  Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
Allright, so if I'm understanding you guys right:  Entp and infp should get along as friends without much problems (if we don't take the psychopaths into consideration :p)   But it will take a...
Entj  Tmlt literally use the office as a home  Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
Don't worry about it, I'm asking for experience and opinions :)   Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
I thought I'd put this here, since I would like a look from your side:   So, I have been wondering about infp's for some time now, and I've come tot think I might like you guy's better than infj's...
Riding my bike, and a more recent onehttps://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170802/e81dabf399ccccb3a86a31ca33069c72.jpghttps://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170802/fc5971641515107797b053c1314b97aa.jpg ...
Well, it should become a topic. If you want to do porn, you might as well do it right.  And not everybody handles criticism right...   Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
Do you have a link? I'd love to give some pointers [emoji14]  Ok, enough joking. But your friend should know about the video, I know I would appreciate it if one of me was going around... Awkward...
Myself: entp  Succes fully tiped one of them so far: estp (and also ex gf)   I guess the rest of them are possebly an enfp, exfx, isxx, esfx, entp  Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
Fat people   Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
Every single time, realy   https://youtu.be/c-OrPGsl0Sg  Anyone else who just can't resist?   Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
I'd say the intp  Entp would be a creative hacker, if they actually stayed focused long enough to learn a programing language, and where tied down to a chair....   Sent from my G8141 using...
Dutch word  Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
1. I guess a J thing?   2. Fe   3. Definitely Si  4. Fe again?   5. S and introversion? (although I myself as an E don't dance in public either :p)
1 I (Si maby?)  2?  3 Fe?  4 Si Fe 5 Fe?   So I guess either Esfj or Isfj   1. I can be really outgoing and energetic with friends, but quite shy with new people in new places.
Entp (probably E3w4 but not sure)   I am the olderst of 2   Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
No  I'll listen, point out different types of views, and come up with a logical explanation or solution.     Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
I don't get angry easily  But if I am explaining some thing,  and someone doesn't get it and replies is some stupid way. I will explain it more detailed over and over. If I keep getting stupid or...
16/50 ENTP  Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
Hello and welcome!   Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
Buy up an big abandoned house or factory. Get some VR glasses, android phones, and VR guns.  There are some Android VR fps engines floating around with potential.  Than get some guys to set up the...
Yeah np  Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
Hi, welcome to the forum!   Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
Thank you :)   Oh, a well, it 'll come  Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
Well, seems like we won't have a picture :)   Sent from my G8141 using Tapatalk
Hi y all,   I've been reading here since I became obsessed with mbti recently, and decided to start talking to you guys as well. Ain't that nice huh?  So, well, yeah, uh, I'm from the Netherlands...."


2374: 'Cheating happens. My parents went through cheating at one point, but they got through it and have been together for 20something years. The early stages are always the rough one. Some people aren't so...
Well, the sub-forum description indicates there will be one :P
This saddens me :(
Something about a horny robot?
I was born late. Therefore I was late for the very first appointment I had... and it's continued from there ever since.
Why don't you go research the demographics for us more. Thanks.
How come theres so many on the internet? I know someone might say, Well they all flock to the internet... but honestly?
Knowing yourself... starts with yourself. Hearing yourself say, I hate God, isn't like the devil possessing you, don't worry.  Oh and don't worry about it being rare. Also, you're 15, theres...
I hate the courtesy hug. It's always the annoying obese girl that thinks I love her ;_;  Being a nice guy is hard.
I was just thinking if certain personalities may have them more.
I figured I would add to the narcissism and put Myself as the author of the quote. It's really fun to make up your own quotes. You sound so cheesy, but it doesn't matter.  And honestly, Myself is...
Oh, on the spot! I thought it would be clever in my moment of self realization and I figured it would make me sound like an important philosopher.
Just treat him like a lady.
Absolutely... haha.
Oh, I'm sure NASA would appreciate me very much so.
I was just trying to think of some ways to reason out things instead of just saying Oh, it's God obviously.  I see the idea of a world being a universe or something we can obtainably get to.
If you say so :)
When you see outside the systems of our so called life and develop your own perspectives on what life truly is.
I was in a debate the other day with a friend. He said that there had to be some type of start to the universe. Cause and effect would say that you NEED to. So then I wanted to put together a type of...
Now thats a true view everyone should share!
My tests always, ALWAYS came back as ENTP. If the tests are accurate, I'm an ENTP.
It was an explanation of the feeling, not an actual feeling towards him.
Please stop arguing with me and take what you need so you will be satisfied and go away.
You mean the whole Pretend to be like other people thing?
Educational site first. Dating thirty-fourth.
Nothing...
Thooooorrrrr.
Cool powerade bro.
You people have such sad dreams :( I feel bad for people with nightmares that wake up scared. I have dreams that some would call nightmares, but they are generally calm and well handled. Never...
Hmm, I figured it might be a psychological thing. For me, a panic attack used to be where I would feel something in my body(usually chest pain), disguise it as a heart attack and then my whole body...
Oh. I'm fairly sure I see a lot of ENTP traits I use daily :p
Why does she think she's an ENTP?
I thought this thread would have a hilarious punchline. I am severely disappointed.
The heck is a traveling healer? Most of my healers travel too far and the party wipes.
Your brain is quite biological.
Some guys would pay millions of dollars for an attractive girl to talk to them. They'd have to pay another million to know how to speak to them though... heh.
The witty part was actually down to a tee, an expression of sorts :p I do have pretty quick on my feet thinking skills. I guess knowing it was one of my type traits would help me more if I knew...
I am very skilled :D
I've had that happen... haha. I'll log on and run around town talking to people. I always played a thief type, or a damage dealer type.
Elfboy? >.>
Korean MMOs! Now with more flying!
I seem to switch MMO to MMO because I either hit cap and get bored or get bored before cap. Even if I might have a few emotion ties to people I've gamed with, I can often just sever them easily and...
Accord to that test:  I: 29(average) II: 19(relatively low) III: 20(relatively low) IV: 21(average) V: 24(average)  I seem to identify with many other types when I read such and such vs such and...
I feel you on the whole well developed functions thing. Some of mine are often clashing. Usually why it's hard.
Yes, possible, but I've talked to many INTPs, and I just don't feel like them a lot of the times. I may have a good brain for thinking of abstract ideas, but I just don't have their same attitude.
I have seen what I have similarities to. I determined I'm an xNxP not too long ago... it's just a matter of filling in the blanks for me.
Of course! Profiles can be so... interpretative however.  I have identified with many points of the ENTP.
Haha. I would say I have been mislead, rather than confused. Never listen to peoples opinions about yourself :p Anyhow, I don't know how relevant this is, but I guess it could specify maybe why I am...
I have taken some tests recently, but I think I've fallen into this ENXP hole.  http://badges.mypersonality.info/badge/0/22/229832.png  See how it could be one or the other? Depends for me.
Oh so only an INFP can like fantasy games?'"


2379: 'i have a scientific idea...try out some occult practices
you dont have to share  we all masturbate  i dont think its a sex drive thing but i just like perverted jokes
fucking muslims and rainbows always freak me out  i meen seriously...WHAT ARE THEY PUTTING INTO OUR OXYGEN SUPPLY thats making these G darned rainbows  i think its gas from all the mexicans...G W...
its obvious...ur harry potter
tell me about it  http://img146.imageshack.us/img146/2205/ingine.jpg  Uploaded with ImageShack.us
....become the lemur young entp...  http://img146.imageshack.us/img146/2205/ingine.jpg  Uploaded with ImageShack.us
kind of like slavery...good point.  nfj though seem to be more of a counter culture type. as well as one of the first to throw in the compassion element.
i think gender roles are kind of silly...they are dissolving anyways.  women have jobs vote and own property, men dont rape and pillage anymore. sometimes women ask out men which is nice...i can...
can u really type a sociopath...i think its just cog functions at that point
this thread is getting a little weird...i think im gonna have to unsubscribe
i agree with OP entirely...id say its been more on and off then slowly blooming socially. i just have my antisocial brooding periods. i would say its something that happens less and less with...
it seems like there is always an overwhelming element of dumb luck in everything i do. and it works tremendously. does this happen to u? do u think its Ne
i always knew i was a monkey cat...ever since i was a wee little boy and my mom scolded me for swinging from tree to tree in  search of fish to eat.
share...im always intrigued by peoples religious views
dude perseus is gone...i heard about it on cnn
Goodnight sweet prince
lmao  where did that guy go...i remember when he used to post in animal personality based riddles...it was great
shiiiiittt man. i never looked at it like that. what is this stuff were smokin anyways  (must be read in tommy chongs voice)
buuut what about asian women, buddhism, funny accents, china town....the list goes on....jacky chan
im starting to read this document  he was able to keep a network of secrets among dozens of highly educated people..all the while manipulating them. he was also said to have the coldest impression...
but wai shud i take the time to cuurrect all speling  etspeshially if its unly wun lettur...but then again that wouldnt look like this or the way you described it...  now everyone has Fe and...
u may want to look at this other guys posts before  making that statement...also ill go ahead and ask u what ur basis is as well
your Fe holds sway only if its a dominant function...Si is more prone to do it, this can also be more effective with Te or Fe aiding it as a nearby function...liek in an extj....u have the Si values...
well what im saying is that a lot of things we have to do as necesarry evils are evils...like there is a greedy and anti social need to strive for material gain which i think pull us apart in our...
what ifs are always a breath of fresh air  and yea i agree with all of that would u go as far as to say all of these standards and general beliefs we are made to accept promote a certain...
do u guys have any particular appreciation of steampunk
so yea i went ahead and bookmarked ur techno
do u have religious views?
this is all very sensitive...im sorry for what happened  anyways im noticing that the reactions to things which shape the view of the masculine and feminine are much more individual or mbti persona...
the world and his drives and visions are very antagonizing at this point. he lives in boundaries which u may be related to. take his view of society seriously and get him to bring out his real...
all which exists is retarded?
nazi is religion...religiousness(not theocracy, but the literal meaning) is sj  now the SS had breeding harems...1-3 women i believe...hitler was psychotic-he attempted genocide(come on now, be...
yea they do...the cog functions really just take apart the elements of sentience
i am MANbearPIG i will smasheatyou
this is great...i was half expecting some NT snake thing
no i did not meen to gape ur anus
no infj i know could be that kind of a public speaker or get that angry and psychotic...it just makes them feel dirty, even if they objectify women...let alone form miniature breeding harems and...
its hard out there for a male nurse...  my grandma is an isfj...shes very involved with religion. it seems to make her pretty happy when she isnt too worried about...awww garsh...going to hell ...
isfjs worry too much...its annoying  but i love em
idk dude but i like me some chinese food
well i wasnt implying hes an estp...but i am implying that that is a video  yea he is definetly a smart monkey(lawtsuh Ti)...i have decided to be a smart monkey and order some frogs online since...
George Carlin is 100% Entp  thats like saying Hitler isnt an ESTJ
where are the estp posted videos? i am disappoint, wheres the awesome    YouTube - Chimp Rapes a Frog
i think its great that your going to PerC for relationship advice...doesnt this seem a tad bit neurotic. just give it a shot
i didnt vote since im not an istj  i love diversity...different appearences, dialects, music, food, criminal status(u know u want crime to fall back on...and u know u like crime movies)....variety...
i think ill sum up the previous 48 pages...im a narcissist and im smarter than ALL OF YOU
entp estj  CLOSE but no cigar...if its just one then thats too likely to be a coincidence  what about my statement makes you think a mentally handicapped person produced it? now blaming...
sooo many pictures of animals in this thread
now that i think of it...id give harry potter an istp and daniel radcliff the enfj
yea that...and sometimes i jizz my pants a little bit'"


2400: 'make sure you delete the search history :tongue:  .... no seriously id just tell me you have an appointment and need time out. If they don't press it, don't tell me. If they are insistent tell them...
I laugh at the most inappropriate things. couldn't tell you why I think these things are funny, but I just cant help it. I think that's what most people would say if you asked them what they hate...
hmmm maybe trying too hard? take a step back and stop caring so much. The good news is now you can do all those things! :happy:
I'm a Car salesman and working on my degree.   Artistically I'm a bassist and songwriter
hahaha had to google that one, I'm a starwars kinda guy.  OP, I think this answers your question :tongue:
so, now that I've both sympathized with your position and employed alliteration while doing so.... drinks? :wink::laughing:
I agree with everything you said, but I don't think that really applies here. OP set off my BS detector lol
Oedipus? Flowers in the Attic? Why not just read it? Cant be any worse than George RR Martins series. Literature can be explicit, hell real life get pretty explicit at times, get used to it. Why so...
actually, said abstract analogy is apt as it appears, albeit absent of any alliteration. I approve of its appropriateness and absolutely applaud your abnormal admonishment of my attempt at...
good luck becoming re-employed! like they said, make sure your previous employer pays what they owe you! Then enjoy one day off, and then put out your resumes!  I hope you find a nicer place to...
cuz its allll bout the low end :)
The official insisted that the draft law does not clash with freedom of expression  HA thanks for the laugh OP. I also really like how they use the term religionS plural, as they would never...
yea, it drives the woman in my life absolutely insane. I cant change it tho. nor do I want to. shes just going to have to learn to accept it if she wants to stay with me (and when I tell her that, it...
hi!
I think that's how to get any girl, not just ENxPs :laughing:
Cortana giving Master Cheef relationship advice.....cute :tongue:
yea I can relate. when I found out that I was an ENTP, and realized that there is a definition and therefor I'm not a completely unique case, everything made sense.  I'm very grateful to Mr. Jung
I have to respectfully disagree as fear can be learned as well as overcome from experience.   I find this thread especially interesting, I have a little bit of experience in the fear/powerlessness...
I am completely insane
AHAHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA ONLY A HIPSTER WOULD CLAIM TO HAVE BEEN THE FIRST HIPSTER! HAHAAHAHAHHAHAHAH  why did the hipster burn his tongue????!?!  because he drank his coffee before it was...
well sir, its front wheel drive, but you still get the shaft  car salesman pun :)
thanks for that!:happy:
Success:  The reverse of Sseccus,  which is of course Latin for possessing small and insignificant genitalia. Obviously this applies only to the male, as in the old times woman and Success were...
Loosen up on her. Shes a teen and will do her thing, learn her own lessons. im guarantee you shes not as innocent as you think she is either. If she truly wants law school she will get it. if its not...
-anything extremely dangerous -solving a difficult problem -profound bonding with enemy, friend, stranger....anybody -being on stage -living free of addiction :) -a really good song -benevolence
The serenity to accept what you cant change The Courage to change what you can The Wisdom to know the difference  :happy:
Insinuate that your are sleeping with somebody else. Then do nothing.
good luck man!   and FUCK people like that hahaha   o and check out couch surfing!
I thinks its moving too fast.   at this rate, we as a species WILL NOT be mature enough to handle the singularity
*only works on 2nd floor or higher *make sure nobody will be walking below your window!  Very simply take a long rope or chain. Attach one end to something heavy (ideally 100 - 150 lbs). Attach...
I enjoy cooking. im good at it, not great. I cook like you OP but im still experimenting, had some great successes and great failures.  I have a huge problem cooking meat tho. its the one thing I...
6'1 185 lbs. athletic lol my metabolism is ridiculous i have to consume around 4000 calories a day just to maintain my weight.  its interesting to draw the comparison between body type and...
oohhh the name thing! no, im not just couldnt resist lol   btw wanna see the last thing i copied and pasted?  hahaha no, not at all SO CONFUSED BETWEEN COMMENTS AND COPY/PASTED THINGS ON THIS...
hahaha no, not at all SO CONFUSED BETWEEN COMMENTS AND COPY/PASTED THINGS ON THIS TREAD!!!
im making those!
oh my god what the fuck bro? you really copied and pasted that? not to derail the thread but can you elaborate on the situation where you needed to copy that???? lmao
*best mountain man accent* you callin me a pussy?  :)  lol no argument just joking with each other
Why? Theres a million reasons why, and short of reducing yourself to an immature ass theres not much you can do about it until they mature. School isn't everything. Invest your time in...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3UqvWk8-uw
Naggers! Now can you get off my case? :P
GREAT film by Jackie Chan!
N_ggers ;)
YES im always like, how do you know????? most people have no clue what MBTI is, so without being tested, how are you positive this guy/girl is an XXXX ??? and are you basing your interactions with...
LMAO idk why but I didn't realize that was your copy/paste hahahahaha
lol cool idea for a thread. that was an interesting read while I was supposed to be making follow up calls this morning, I sent it to an old teacher
Brain?computer interfaces for communication and control
lack of time to spell check, not caring so much if the point remains the same, and giving you credit for your ability to understand the meaning of the statement.... whats the big deal?(not to mention...
well I wouldn't wanna be in your position then dude.....no your not normal XD  now, you really haven't had time between posts to watch the film, so im guessing you read a plot synopsis, so ill...
yes, I get called that by my girlfriend a lot. I think the first time was when I told her how I felt about marriage. I felt like it was pretty logical and easy to follow....
oh god man....that films going to damage you :('"


2409: 'When I lived in bigger cities, I solved this by going by myself or occasionally if friends wanted to join (although I prefer going with outgoing friends who can socialize independently) to networking...
And if it was a very important matter that needed to be talked about, how would you approach it?
Ohh, so that was the confusion. Indeed I was talking about opening up in the definition by the Cambridge Dictionary: to talk about your personal thoughts or feelings and to start to talk more...
Thank you so much vhaydenlv. This really helped me understand better how to treat an INFJ.    I have now made a note to self: Give compliments/positive feedback.  I am more inclined to bluntly...
vhaydenlv How would you want a compromise based on this to take place - taking care of both your own and the ENTPs needs?
Thank you for explaining this better as an INFJ than what I could from an exterior angle.  I am very interested in hearing how ENTPs deal with this if this hinders them in solving the...
I must admit that I am confused about what you find confusing lol. A couple dating doesn't just have one conversation, they have multiple during the initial weeks/months.    People can have...
So if you were having great conversations with an INFJ, but he/she refused to discuss difficult (according to the INFJ) topics, you would not be interested in neither continuing dating (even if the...
Interesting! I read somewhere that ENTP & INFJ couples need a very mature ENTP to be able to work smoothly. It seems like maturity in this case means a highly developed Fe. But there is one thing I...
I have a hard time seeing how INFJs and ENTPs could be the ideal match as they have so different communication styles. ENTPs are typically very blunt while INFJs typically feel exposed if they have...
The point of this thread was not for you guys to help me type this guy and that is why I didn't share much info. The point was to ask if you guys could relate to the points he does but which I did...
Thank you so much for sharing this. Also I don't ask to see who was at fault or to see if he is interested in me or not. I know his final answer. I only wanted to understand how this all came to...
Hmmm... I think it is rather for nostalgic purposes then. He seems too sincere and humble for playing games. And he would never take advantage of me even if he was horny as he knows how I feel. Also,...
The strange part is that he pulls away only in periods of some months, and suddenly he gives me a lot of attention. For example once he insisted that I'd visit him and stay at his place (we now live...
Oops double post.
Also, I thought it could help him too. He seemed so sad and said it was awkward, and at least for me open communication helps for that purpose. So I was thinking to help us both get some clarity. It...
Thank you so much for your answers.    I wasn't assuming. I was wondering. And when I was lead to think he is an INFJ through the INFJ descriptions, it was based on factual traits not...
I was dating a guy and I believe he is an INFJ. When I've read the INFJ descriptions on truity, personalitypage and 16personalities, it is like if they wrote about him. However, there are some things...
Well, reading the first answers of other ENTPs here, they don't relate to what I experience about ideas popping up constantly during dates of what the couple can do together. So maybe they already...
I don't look at it like that. I just wish someone could suggest me a thought-pattern to reduce all my ideas from popping up in my mind during our very first dates, so that we get to know each other...
If I would shower a guy with all the ideas I get during our date, it could be overwhelming for many and there's a chance they couldn't handle it (I know because it already happened with an ex. He...
I don't think it is a question about being honest or not. There will always be something one likes less about a partner and one needs to make compromises. So if I like someone enough to make a...
Indeed, when a relationship has lasted a few months, I find it ok to share my ideas. But the question was actually whether to do so early on. When we are just getting to know each other, I assume...
But if I well understood you didn't share your ideas in the beginning?  Anyway, it's probably like I thought. I shouldn't share my ideas before we know each other better. I don't want to scare my...
My ideas aren't future related as in family stuff. They are about fun activities like travels and such. But I don't reveal that I'm thinking about that early on. I'm toning myself down when dating....
It seems like there are a few misunderstandings here.   I am not looking to date any ENTP and I didn't present my ideas to my dates. I keep my ideas to myself in the beginning. I don't say anything...
I just read this description of ENTPs dating: https://www.16personalities.com/entp-relationships-dating Does this mean that a lot of you ENTPs are suggesting your ideas to your dates from very early...
When I'm just starting to date someone, I think about whether there is a potential with the guy. This includes thinking about everything we have in common and making up ideas of things we can do...
First of all, it's good to hear this coming from an ENTP as well. Because I was actually thinking I should post it in the ENTP forum and check if some could relate there.   Indeed I analysed Ti...
I can absolutely relate to most of this, as me neither I'm ready to have a child in the near future due to tons of things I want to do prior. I have also thought about and could be a bit concerned...
Same for me. Didn't find out yet how to solve it.  593506
When I deal with people I am not sure about, with whom there are interests I seek at risk, I think about how I should say something in order for the person not to react negatively. I do not know if I...
I am not really seeking out options on how I can have a child one day, as I have been researching tons of options already.  I see a few comments on having a pet as a replacement for a child lol....
I really don't want to find myself a man who already have children. I'm not really that interested in other people's children, so it wouldn't feel natural or comfortable taking care of them. Like...
My odds for having children aren't as straightforward as it might seem from the outside but that is another story and one that I won't elaborate on here. Of course there are plenty of other reasons...
Well, it's good that you have come to terms with what you want and are comfortable with.
Ok, well, very simply put, I would want to have children one day, but life has it that it might not happen, and yep it does make me sad and actually a bit anxious about how that will be once I'll get...
I don't really mind syncing into the situation. I actually find it fun.
Indeed, and in the same way, if someone gives me compliments based on appearance it doesn't really matter to me. I mean, I'll be happy and all, but it's so easy to give such compliments and it's so...
Hmmm... I find that emotion rules me way more than I'd like. But maybe you mean as in having control of my emotions? I'm sometimes thinking I'd like an on and off button for my emotions as I have a...
In my case it doesn't need to be someone I have a close and harmonious relationship with though. It can be someone I just met. A few weeks ago this happened, and I finally keep him at distance...
I might be exposing myself a bit too much by what I am about to say, but I really need to solve the issues I am dealing with since years. So I am sort of in a hurry to find out whether I am an ENTP...
I can often be very enthusiastic about something or someone. An ex-boyfriend was once convinced that I completely loved him since day 1, although I was just happy in general and interested to learn...
I think it is more important for me to be respected, listened to and not ignored. There are those friends who seem to like me (why else would they bother hanging out with me?), but they don't...
Ok, so I read a large part of the thread.    I am generally completely open to other povs. However, when someone determines something without having asked for enough data prior, I don't place...
Hmm... I'm not sure I can do that, because I think there are factual reasons behind feelings and that only by finding solutions to issues one can get over sad feelings. Well, at least for me as my Ne...
Thanks, I'll read it and get back with an answer.
I've come out as ENTP on every test I've taken. Except once which was based only on thinker vs feeler. Additionally, people pointed out that for example as I can't get over my ex since years or other...
Indeed, I've read many descriptions on how to distinguish Ti and Fi. The thing is that I can think of examples of both in myself.
Personally I don't really feel like I have control over my feelings and that on the contrary is why I wonder if I am a feeler. I am sort of in conflict with my emotions, because in certain...'"


2419: 'I have an uncontrollable urge to have sex with pre-teen monkeys.  DO YOU EMPATHIZE????!!!????
yes I do   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khh8H46v0ZY
btw nice ass
And you have a great big dick
Hahaha scientists invented evolution so they could global warmings haha  you are all so dumb believing in evolution
I have never broke a rule in my life.  I must be an ISTJ
Major: Cultural Studies Minor: White Guilt
We should make a group
This is the truth
OMG THIS IS MY FAVOURITE THREAD EVER HE IS SUCH A CUTIEEEE:crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy:  KIM HYUN JOONG 4EVA!  Peace out girlll
I like ESTJs a lot.  I made some posts about how great ESTJs are in their forum a few months back.  I hope you are as energetic as the other ESTJs I have met :).  Ah yes, welcome to the forum. ...
I laughed hard
My Cat died, my feelings hurted. :(
congratz robot girl
Major: Kicking Ass Minor: Wrecking Fools
I lost at something
I am large, throbbing, and veiny.  Hug me to figure out what I am.
I don't see the connection between IQ and empathy.  I don't get the point at all.
it looks to me like Taylor pisses off INTJs
I usually vomit, quick and effective.
I would only take them if they could be ingested anally
I would eat your pet
slow down so I can penetrate you with my ENTPness
NOVA WHY DO YOU SAY THEEZE THINGS TO ME?  MY FEELINGS ARE HURTING LIKE MY HEART!  THIS IS A HAIKU I WROTE TO EXPLAIN WHAT I FEEL  Nova is so mean She really hurt my feelings why is she so...
I can eat 15 cats in an hour :)
this is srs business for me, you made my feelings even more broken
http://www.hiroshima-remembered.com/history/nagasaki/images/H21.jpg
I had an evil INFP friend who really hurt my feelings.  I don't know if I will ever recover from the damage he caused me. :(  Sad Evan is sad
awesome idea, I approve
So much for the Bertrand Russell avatar.  (I hope I didn't just look like an idiot there, that is Bertrand Russell right?)
Organic apples are often the same price as regular apples at my grocery store.  I buy organic then.
This is why math is awesome!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5TzuuK7kvI  Calculus actually really turned me onto math.  Almost all lucrative fields employ calculus in one way or another.  Also...
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS, really really great vid ^    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYws8biwOYc ^ENTP
When I was a kid I wanted to be a stockbroker or some other kind of businessman and eventually become powerful enough to conquer the world.  Now I just want to make as much money as possible, I don't...
Moonshine is the way to go!  180 proof is lots of fun wahoooooooo
It seems that at lower levels of math it is mostly hard work (Pre-Calc, Calculus, Linear Algebra, etc.) , but for more difficult subjects like real analysis or Chaos theory it is mostly about your...
I don't like hippies very much
Let's hear some things that ya'll like about ESTPs!
*raises hand*
I am glad you took them as compliments.    Obviously I see them as positive traits, but I believe that some people would disagree.
The Golden Rule states that One should treat others according to how one would like others to treat one's self.  So I would like Will Smith to rape me, does that mean I am morally obligated to...
http://static.howstuffworks.com/gif/start-world-war-2-2.jpg
You should probably quit school and become a stripper, they actually have surprisingly good salaries.  If you decide to go into porn make sure it is gay porn, that way you will make more money.
you should probably stop trying, hookers are way more fun.
In an asylum
You are entertaining You are energetic You are quick-thinking and witty You provide great competitive partners You are grounded and will strike me down from my wild flights of fantasy You are...
Hey Beth,  if you are looking for a mr. Buzzy hit me up.
A silver fox eh, you silly devil, I would so fondle you.  Move aside Chancey, this one is mine.
More important do you believe in life after love?
I don't know if Antiant is so much a thing as she is an idea.  She is the force that motivates us through tough times.  She is the soul of freedom.  Antiant is a child's laughter or the calm breeze...'"


2429: 'People just getting into MBTI wouldn't understand Sensor or intuitive? as well though.  I think it's nice that it's simple, straightforward, and easy to understand if you're new to MBTI. :)  Also,...
https://uquiz.com/CvhAs1  This MBTI test has only five questions and is an experiment.  After being interested in MBTI for over a year and studying for hours on end, I've come to the conclusion...
Lol, that's awesome!!
I'm happy to hear you like it! :)
Some people took my MBTI and Cognitive Functions Test so seriously that I thought I'd lighten the mood with a silly stereotypes test!  You can take it here: https://uquiz.com/aF9wcG
I'm not knowledgeable enough about Enneagram, but that would be really cool!
I made this into an automated test that you can take here: https://uquiz.com/GnIoID Please share your result below!  The test has been taken 100 times so far! :)  Thank you to everyone who has...
The red spirit        machine.language About 73% of the people who selected a type got the same type they selected.  That sounds like a pretty good track record to me!  Especially considering...
Wow, he doesn't sound like a very nice guy!  Sorry you had to go through that. :(  Okay, so you chose an E, N, F, P, Si, and Fi answer, and you chose both Ne answers.  Even though the test has...
I made this into an automated test that you can take here: https://uquiz.com/GnIoID Please share your result below!    I wouldn't say the test is necessarily flawed.  I would say tests aren't...
I agree that doesn't make you an extrovert, but it seems very Ne to me!  Just something to consider, and if you don't think it fits you, definitely stick with INFJ! :)
Thanks for the information!  It sounds like you're an introvert to me. :)
I think people who are confident they are J probably are, so definitely go with what you think!  As for Ne vs. Ni, it sounds like you picked the Ne answer thinking that Ni users can't explain their...
Thanks so much for your suggestions!  When it comes to P vs. J, those answers are really extreme.  I think extreme answers do two things.  They make it less likely for someone to think there's a...
That's really interesting!  Why's that?  I would think an introvert would prefer to spend time alone, because they can recharge and it's not as draining for them.  Do you find being around people...
There are two questions where you can answer S and N on the test.  When it comes to E vs. I, I don't want to have the same question written in a different way, and I haven't come up with an E vs. I...
I agree, and while it may not be a good indicator for everyone, I think it does pretty well.  It's a hard thing to test!
You know you're an INTP when you know there's no way you can know for sure. And when you get zoned in on something so much that you don't want to do anything else. Your sleep schedule is a mess and...
Same! lol  I've heard that's an INTP thing.  They can see multiple ways of looking at information (Ne) and can poke wholes in their own reasoning (Ti).
Just keep reading, and hopefully it will become clearer.  You really strike me as an INTP though!  I highly recommend you check out funkymbtifiction.tumblr.com and personalityjunkie.com.  They are my...
I don't think the second option is going full hermit at all!  I would definitely prefer that one, and I think most if not all introverts would.  Are you sure you're an introvert?  That would mean you...
Sounds good to me! :)  It's always good to self-type after taking a test and not just go by that.
The first time you took it you got ISFP, so I'm not sure what your type is.  I'd say compare ISTP and ISFP, because ESTJ is very different from them.
Okay, so I created a test that combines MBTI and cognitive functions.  It not only tests E vs. I, S vs. N, etc., but also Fe vs. Fi, Te vs. Ti, and so on.  There are 11 questions, and it takes less...
I wrote down how some things you wrote struck me, and some of what I wrote is contradictory.  I've gotten to where I do that when typing, because people usually don't answer completely like one type...
All things considered, I think ISTJ. :)  I saw a lot of I, J, Fi, and Te in what you wrote.  You definitely don't seem like an INTJ, so from my perspective ISTJ is the best fit from the information...
I used to be so scared of rollercoasters with any significant drop!  While that kind on rollercoaster is still not something I want to go on, I've gotten to where I don't mind tamer ones.  I actually...
Update on the test:  It's been taken 53 times so far.  Of the 22 people who have taken it seeming to know their type, 16 were typed the same, and two were typed as introverts when they thought they...
intj
I made this into an automated test that you can take here: https://uquiz.com/GnIoID Please share your result below!          Psyche Aqua  Considering adding this question to the test (or...
I created this thread before I made the test, so I added the link to it so that people who want to take it can. :)  Sorry for the confusion!
The biggest way I think the test could be improved is with E vs. I, but that's tricky.  All the same functions, different order, and I think an introvert could answer like an extrovert to any E vs. I...
Thank you! :)  Glad to hear you like it!    From this, you definitely sound INTJ!  It's actually more difficult to type someone with a written test, because they can be more indecisive, and you...
I made this into an automated test that you can take here: https://uquiz.com/GnIoID  Please share your result below!    I love your signature! :)
If you relate strongly to both functions, that might explain it.  You also answered the perceiver answer instead of the judger one, so I think you may have confused the test or are an INFP.  It's...
You chose the Ne and Si answer instead of the Se and Ni answer in the cognitive functions section.  Which type do relate to more?
Praimfaya &    Marshy14 I made this into an automated test that you can take here: https://uquiz.com/GnIoID  It's quicker! :)  Please share your results below!    Glad to hear it! :)
I agree with you, but for the sake of testing I separated them out. :)  I typed you as an INTP after talking to you too.  If it helps, you answered the INTP answer to every question the first time...
My advice would be not to take a long time or overthink.  Just answer what comes naturally, because your first instinct may often indicate your cognition. :)
I looked at what you answered, and I would in fact type you as an ENFP.  I corrected what I think led to your mistype. :)
Thanks!  I got INTP as well, which explains why it took me so long to figure out my type. lol  Would have thought myself to be a feeler as well, which I think makes sense.  I've heard people often...
I made this into an automated test that you can take here: https://uquiz.com/GnIoID  Please share your result below! :)    Hm, that's weird.  You could try taking it on your phone/computer...
I made this into an automated test that you can take here: https://uquiz.com/GnIoID  Please share your results below! :)
Double thread created by mistake.
Hi, so I came up with an 8 question MBTI test, which I have now updated after testing it out on this thread:...
Sometimes the functions and letters didn't line up, and that's where I found the test to be weak.  She mentioned improvising feeling vey unsafe to her, and that makes me think she isn't an ENFP. ...
Quernus  If someone came to you and asked you to make a decision about something, what would your thought process be? It would be a mixture of curiosity, nervousness, and What am I being bothered...
I wouldn't go by profiles alone.  I'd say really think about the motivation behind what you do and about how you think for a while.  You might find yourself noticing your first two functions as you...
Have you considered ENTP and INTP?  You could take a look at this and see if you relate to either: ...
I really don't like knowing that I made someone unhappy or offended them because of something that I've done, and I'm generally bad at guessing people's feelings.  This part is what made me think...'"


2434: 'The good news is that self-love is still possible in the privacy of your own home, or possibly the back of a bus.
I don't think this applies to everyone, especially for ENTPs. I find highly extroverted people exhausting. They can't shut up, especially ESTXs.    Personally, I tend toward introverted girls....
I didn't read the other rants. You can rant about that if you like.  My rant is about these people who insist on talking to me against my will. What is it with some people? They just like to talk....
Don't you have something you could set on fire or push down a hill? Anything would be more productive than this.
I find that I either don't know who most of these famous people are or I really don't like them. I mean Adam Sandler on the same list as Jonny Depp?   I would say Jenna Fischer is INFJ or...
If Dane Cook is ENTP, I wish to change my type.  I really can't stand ESTPs.
Anyone care to share their experience with online dating?   I'm supposed to be an extrovert, but I sure suck a meeting girls that I actually like. I moved to a new city about 6 months ago and I...
Maybe they'll be old enough to drive by then :unsure:
A kid is standing outside a grocery store and asks me to go inside and buy him some alcohol.   With no time to think, I told him I was not 21 (legal age in US). He looked a bit unsure, but went...
I would not worry the E part. We are the least extroverted extroverts out there. I can't believe that I test E. I like to think out loud and bounce ideas off of people. I don't really like to be...
You are such an INTP.   I don't think I want to live in your totalitarian world, no matter how great it is. Who is going to enforce these rules and regulations?  I too would like for the...
I prefer indie rock.  Right now I'm listening to this  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=leI7sfmipuI  It mostly makes me want to stomp on a Made Man.
You should read A Modest Proposal. It's a satire. Basically, the author (Jonathan Swift) advocates eating children to simultaneously solve hunger and over population.  I'll play devil's advocate...
I'm no INFJ, but this:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OMpaFvTOFk&feature=related
You're just young and insecure. In 5 years (post college) it won't matter at all. High school is a massive competition between stupid people, conceited people, and superficial people. It really...
I usually ask for the opinion of others so that I can argue with them why I was right all along. I usually don't care at all what they have to say, I just want to think out loud.
I do some BSing. It's mostly just my SOP.  What scares me is the things I come up with without any conscious thought. Especially when other people think they are good ideas. It always leaves me...
I agree, scientist and engineers.  However, quite a few CEOs are are (were) scientists and engineers. Alan Mullaly of Boeing and Ford fame is an aeronautical engineer. Bill Gates and Steve Jobs...
From the evidence I see in the ENTP pictures thread, I disagree.   I'd love to meet a verified female ENTP, or really any ENTP I am not related to.
A lot of the worlds poorest people tried to start their own companies.
It's so hard for me to imagine an ENTP reading the Bible, Koran, Torah, et al. and saying that works for me.  Call me overly skeptical. I do not understand religion. I really do not understand...
BusinessMan, you are either confused about your type or you are the least mature/most impulsive ENTP I have ever heard of.   ESTP seems much more likely.
That's the method I use. It's not exactly healthy though.  As Denis Leary said, Put down the fork and shut up.
Church = pyramid scheme.
What is INTP humor?
Passive aggression.  SUVs.  People who are too lazy to put their cart in the cart return area at stores. Actually, just lazy people in general.  Bleach blonds.  Douche bags.
Engineer during the week. Working on a pilots license on weekends/evenings. I'd like to become a flight instructor.
I dunno about other ENTPs, but you can usually find me at work. That place is like a time warp.
That's one way to look at it...  One of my favorite things in the world is to do something, not even something I think is particularly clever, and have someone say I never would have thought of...
You need to stop and think about what you like doing. I too can master anything that I find to be an interesting challenge. But, there are somethings that I never get tired off doing.  For me that...
Is sex always emotional for you or are there times when it's strictly physical?  Physical, but with a prerequisite emotional connection.  Would you consider/have you had one night stands? How did...
http://pretzelday.files.wordpress.com/2010/02/pretz7.jpg  No doubt.
I love the first one. Your hair is fantastic.  I can't think of any way to say that without sounding at least a little creepy...
I have boxes of art supplies, but a $0.48 mechanical pencil is all I ever use. Fancy erasers are a good investment though :wink:  I wish I made more time to draw. I did those 3 while recovering...
Yup, though I haven't done anything in about a year. ewlsey on deviantART
Yes please.
Maybe I am the only one, but I don't care to play any video games. They just don't hold my attention. I have tried a few times.  I do like to play multi-player video games. I need the social...
What is the point of your posts? If she thinks that the sentence is beautiful, that is her opinion and requires no explanation to you.
Alright, here is my take.  I don't really make moves. I don't think that any girls are really smitten with me out the gate (except INTJs, they love me for some reason). Usually the way it goes...
Katya,   I share your feeling on sensors. I think that is why I don't really like people, at least not at first (sensor are the vast majority).   I think I would find your extroversion...
I have dated an ISFJ. I would describe an ISFJ as traditional.  The good: ISFJ strikes me as being quintessentially feminine. I love their empathy and urge to nurture. They are generally...
We think so too...   I must be the only ENTP who hates pictures of myself. I always have.
ENTP engineer here as well. I had a design engineering job and hated it. It was all fussy details of long drawn out projects. I lasted 3.5 years.   I switched to manufacturing engineering for a...
As I just said in the Religious ENTPs thread.   In it's simplest form: Deism = There is a god Theism = That god speaks to me  I have no huge problem with Deism. Theism just seems ludicrous to...
I'm not religious, but I am fascinated by it. I want to figure it out. More accurately, why people need it. It trips me out that someone could say to me this is what I believe, no matter what proof...
Post count was 1 too low to post a video link.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-63cTYJDCA&feature=relmfu
I think Christopher Hitchens is ENTP. If not, I would like to know what his type is. He has the stare of a former addict, but I think he is one of us.  BTW, he is now fighting stage 3 cancer. I was...
I seem to be good at making it. I'm not great at managing or keeping it.   I like to always be busy. Many times that means working, which makes me money. I don't worry about emergency funds or...
I'm an engineer. Tried design for 3 years and was bored to death. I hate sitting around all day.  I started a new job where I program and setup half-million dollar robotic machine tools. It's...
I have never been 101% sure of what I was going to do, ever. It seems cold, but I could walk away from my career or hobbies in a heartbeat and be fine. I know that I would find something else that...'"


2436: 'When you have this conversation with your also-intuitive sister:  Hey, do you... No, I don't know. Ok. That's not what I was going to ask though.
Seeley Booth - ENFJ (ESFJ?) Dr. Temperance Brennan - INTJ Dr. Jack Hodgins - ENTP (INTP?) Angela Montenegro - ISFP Dr. Lance Sweets - INFJ Dr. Camille Saroyan - ESTJ Zach - INTP  I miss Zach...
Temperament is a really horrible way to type someone. Temperaments are all Keirsey, and Keirsey... well, I don't believe half the things out of his mouth.  He just wants to make a profit from...
So, I had a really clear idea of their types a few days ago, and then I stepped into this forum and it's like... I forgot everything about what I thought and why.  You people have confused me!  So,...
That's fair.  He is indeed a well-balanced character if ever there was one.
So since it's become a thing, and as I am almost done with The Complete Sherlock Holmes now, I feel obliged to announce that there is absolutely no way in the universe Sherlock Holmes is...
5'0 I really dislike being as short as I am.  I like to dress in clothing that makes me feel kick-ass, whether it's fashionable or not. Usually I consider myself a real-life example of Awesome...
This. EXACTLY. There are no better words.
Yeah, I hate the dating game. Seriously. I'm not interesting in ANYTHING that begins in flirtation. I suspect my first boyfriend (for I have not had one yet) will be a very close friend who I've...
This is a true story: I was in an extemporaneous speaking competition at the college level. (Extemp speaking is set up to where you must gather articles from the news through the whole season, then...
INTJ. Is that even a question? Lol. I love 'em though, I really do.  Whereas the ones I would consider second coldest (ENTJs)... well I *tend* to not like them. Quite decidedly.
Sheldon - INTJ.  CLEARLY not extroverted, and though it seems he's often seriously lacking in intuition, the INTJ profile fits better than ISTJ.  Leonard - ENFJ. He craves acceptance and...
1. Facebook 2. Twitter 3. Youtube 4. Personality Cafe 5. NaNoWriMo 6. Gmail 7. SideReel 8. IMDB 9. FailBlog (and associates) 10. Wikipedia
This is a thread for I'm so ENTP jokes.  They're like yo mama jokes, but instead of being about yo mama, it's about ENTPs.  And instead of being about fatness, it's about awesomeness.  Exempli...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JRKDF8ui3E
Dad - ISTJ Mom - ESFJ or ENFJ Me - ENTP Sister - INFJ Sister - ISFP Brother - ESTP Brother - too young to tell for sure, xSFx
It's hard to tell with half his brain missing.  I feel like he's an ENTP lobotomized into... whatever he is now.  But he seems to get a lot of his thinking energy from working with people - he needs...
For a very long time, I have assumed that my ideal guy was a nerd, and that's still true to an extent.  But the I've just had a chance to go out with a properly charming, nerdy guy and I realized I...
My brother is ESTP and we tend to get on each other's nerves a lot. I often feel like he's being intentionally ignorant; he's loud, temperamental, close-minded, and has a rude sense of humor. ...
Yeah, that'd be a big ol' NO for me.  Now, I can sometimes be quite the romantic, but love at first sight  is something I don't buy.
There's actually a funny little progression for me.  From under lowest stress to under highest stress, I will act like a: ...
Yes, I know, but I'm still curious as to which ones switch most easily.
Personality type describes you, but we all know we aren't always ourselves.  When you are melancholy, stressed, or otherwise not yourself, which of the four letters is the first to go?  For...
No, that's the truth.  Honestly, people mistype themselves as iNtuitives ALL THE TIME.  It's because people have this ridiculous misconception about iNtuitives being the smart ones and sensors as...
ENTP, I'm sure, lol.  S would at least keep you rooted in reality F would make you empathetic and more sociable J would make you professional and reasonable  So the extrovert with none of these...
Haha glad I'm not the only one who thinks like that! I started wondering about the type of certain cultures watching Lord of the Rings (because the Shire is totally ISTJ).  Then I started expanding...
Something else I considered briefly.  But he's much more sporadic than a J (absolutely no schedule, completely listless and spontaneous unless a case has his attention), and he's completely...
That's sooooooooooo Feelery lol
Having read most of the original Conan Doyle books, seen the latest movie, and the BBC series (which, by the way, is BRILLIANT), I think I've managed a fairly accurate insight.  Watson is a...
Lol well I don't know yet.  I don't drink (or at least, get drunk and party and such).  But I do plan on getting drunk once, because I myself am very curious about the question you posed.  Sometime...
Two slightly different questions I'd like to hear your answers to.  For me the answer is yes to both.  For instance, I work part time at a retirement home where I help serve meals and do dishes. ...
This:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6a_1R3w5i4  or this:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5ZwnmJgC-g
Kung Fu Panda.  Pretty good :) it was enjoyable, but nothing that would make my top ten.
Well, Doctor Who is the best TV show of all time.  Bar none.  Hands down.  No contest.  Miles cooler than anything else ever produced in serial.  But I also watch House, Monk, Bones, Fringe, Psych,...
I don't mind a significant other being younger than me, as long as it's close.  Within a few years at most.  Shorter on the other hand... well it wouldn't be such a big deal except that I'm only...
I just... wow... I mean... seriously!  That stream of stutters is about the only thing that can accurately illustrate how perfectly this applies.  Words cannot describe.  I feel that pain.  I...
You weren't explaining it poorly at all, I know exactly what you mean.  ENTPs have a tendency to believe people are generally unintelligent and shallow, and we aren't always willing to give them a...
It's a complicated question for ENTPs, who value rational thinking but also have that gut iNutition that so often manifests as an inexplicable feeling as our primary function.  I think I could best...
I'm a Christian.  And not even in the ambiguous, well it's what works for me, but whatever sense.  I believe there's a God that created the universe, that he's personally involved in the affairs of...
1) Be intelligent.  Seriously, if you can't grasp the concept of common sense, it probably won't be pretty.  But you said you're pretty well rounded so that shouldn't be an issue :)  2) Take...
Yup, proudly. Nerdpower FTW.
There are two kinds of people in the world: yourself and everyone else.
How is that different?  Lol, I kid, I kid.  And yet now you know I'm a Republican :P
The reason you're misunderstood and lonely is because you think you're generally smarter than other people, apparently.
You know you're an INTJ if you don't actually believe the Myer Briggs theory is worth its salt - but you still can't keep away for PerC because it's such a fascinating social dynamic.  (I myself am...
sitiachun ====== hick
Yes, I have never had a problem with any kind of public speaking presentation.  From the time I was a little kid, I've had no problem with the attention of crowds, and have even thrived on it. ...
Well, if it was personal, who wouldn't be sympathetic?  Being a thinker doesn't make you soulless :-/
I love him.  He has an accent, and he got a Doctor Who interview on network American television.  What more could I need?  The fact that he's ENTP is just the icing on the cake!:cool:
You've gotten in trouble more often for accusing your parents of being senseless than for anything you've actually *done*'"


2440: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQ04WbgI9rg&ob=av2e   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGdGFtwCNBE&ob=av3e   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gH2efAcmBQM&ob=av3e  ...
What we did is inform each other what our love languages were, and both of our primaries are physical touch. So hugs, cuddling, hand holding, all that cute-sy crap that couples do... we're big on...
I am currently dating an INTJ.   Objectively, she is the most compatible woman for me from all of my relationships heretofore. This was an observation by both of us (eventually) and all of our...
Quite, actually. It keeps us alive :)
This is that one, I'm just posting it here for the people that don't visit the overall forum. A friend pointed me to it originally.
The following link is a map where you can post your location and MBTI type, let's show all those other types that the ENTP's are more awesome than they already thought because we're everywhere!! :D ...
After having gone through my first year, I can honestly say this is the happiest I have ever been :)
I do love ENTP's, we are wonderful people :)
This looks like it could be another excellent TV series, and if we are very, very lucky, not a bad movie.
Have not, will not, severely troubled that it is such a common occurrence.
I had a severe case of triggered depression from the ages of 14 to late 18, solid B+ student with the potential for A's if I had applied myself, arrogant because I liked to talk about the things I...
Yeah, it's true.
Letting them lead unencumbered, we should challenge them so they can grow! :D
But that's just not as fun :P
I think ENTJ's definitely do a better job leading.   My suggestion would be to let an ENTP be a charismatic face to the people.
I do the same thing with the multi-day days. I'm going to be pulling one tonight in fact.   I have however lost the body's internal need to wake up at a certain time. It takes awhile, but after a...
In theaters        - Captain America On DVD/Blu-ray  - Serenity
The majority of my friends are Sensors, even a couple of SF's. So long as people recognize the differences, getting along with anyone isn't all that hard.
There are two ways that I am:  1. I don't talk much, as I am worried about making a good impression and don't want to step on any toes.  2. (more frequent) I am just me, friendly and making jokes.
Basically this.  I don't know what it was, but the woman annoyed me just from the interview.
Quorra from TRON  http://jimmyprophet.files.wordpress.com/2011/01/quorra1.png
I effectively have two outfits.  1. Casual - Jeans, skater shoes, a black shirt (sometimes with graphics, other times none), and a gray digital camo accented coat.  2. Formal -  Suit. Italian....
Monster - Paramore
Professional hacker.
All my life I have had a chronic problem with insomnia, generally because I can't make my mind stop running a mile a minute unless i am literally exhausted (20+hours of being awake in a row)  It is...
My strategy which has generally worked:  1. Create a semi-awkward situation. 2. Draw attention to semi-awkward situation. 3. Act like the situation is not awkward, add compliment.  This is then...
Ah yes, examples. BEGIN!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OH9A6tn_P6g&ob=av2e  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpS7nCweYZI&ob=av2e  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoTEnaAI9Fo&ob=av2e ...
Somewhere around 10 or 11, it was hard to keep track in my head.  I did watch the movie Lolita however, and I would like to read the book; it is a truly interesting story.
I very rarely need support, and I am always willing to try to give someone support. But if they are a strong F, that tends to be difficult for me.  I love positive attention and affirmation, I...
Passionate in some way, and I usually find it in rock :)  Techno is also a friend of mine.
Yeah that guy is a jerk, the fact that he is ENTP has nothing to do with that. Were I a girl, i would dump him too.
Exactly my sentiments ;)
It's because you secretly love all of us and our insanity! :)
I would guess the relationships just ended badly.   It's an unfortunate truth that bad breakups are a fairly common things, and I don't think personality types are going to effect the chance of a...
The Nuclear track of a B.S. in Engineering-Physics.  Plan to move into a masters degree somewhere in Nuclear Medicine.
I've got one thing I do that has worked pretty well for me so far. In a somewhat concerned tone, say: Hey, I'm really bad with feelings, so just imagine whatever I could say right now that would...
Yesterday evening I watched the new Captain America movie with some of my friends and I was just interested in other people's opinions, and wanted to share my own!   I think the movie was very...
To the point where as a hardcore anti-communist, i debated my friend for two hours the other day about the logical validity of communism. It was really fun :)  So yes, debate is the best!
I always knew that I was going to end up in the sciences, as I got older the teachers that were my mentors led me towards Physics, and once I was there I naturally fell into the field of Nuclear...'"


2445: 'Yes, INFP's are difficult to understand, they seem to have their own emotional and feeling world almost impenetrable to the outside world.... It's that FI, RAR!   Yeah it'll become obvious because...
I've had a whole heap of people from the office tested via Myer Briggs, I generally typed accurately apart from a few more E's then I expected, however they only resulted as 1% in favor of E then I....
Hi all,  I'm an ENTP, I have done the Myer Briggs SO many times and often enough (99.9% of the time) I get the result ENTP, once I got INFP, but the questions were a bit weird and didn't really fit...
Yes, I flirt alot, I enjoy more the non-traditional 'making them nervous and confused flirting on more sweeter types, well all types'. I like to play a fairly androgynous role when I flirt, pulling...
I don't know, I disagree, I'm highly illogical in that often I stop and look at what I'm doing and realizing there's no logic in what I'm doing at all. For example, often in the morning I don't plan...
Yeah I suppose, I ponder this and perceive Sensing to focus on the process and what's the 'then and there of what's happening at the time', meanwhile iNtuition focuses on the underlining principle or...
Maybe Sensors just don't believe in principles but morbid over-generalizations...   I don't feel N has anything do with logical, I feel that's probably more an S, T or J trait...
Yes, I get it alot from Sensors, and only Sensor's, generally the lazier they are the more likely they are when the tangent becomes too specific in something they've never about and too proud to...
ESTJ, natural enemy of all I think. Lol, but yes enemy of ENTP due to the black whites of their existence and need to live to a tight  standard, ROAR!
I have a friend whom I suspect is an INTP, he's open to new possibilities, can make spontaneous decisions, 'the amount of times I've called him up on his birthday or other special occasions and he's...
I've always been curious at conceptualizing and explaining how INTP's and ENTP's differ in social settings and appearances, in my laziness I've wondered if INTP's were just shy ENTP's but that can't...
How do you find you fair with the preferred sex or sexes? What benefits or fall backs do you find being an ENTP presents in your romantic pursuits?
As an ENTP do you ever wonder if in a paradoxical sense you actually love rules because they give you something to seek to defy and charge against? :crazy:
Wow, you're so interesting, I never thought of that Oh dear that person seems so sure of themselves surely they know what they're talking about  I'd rather a dud root with an intellectual...
I suspect my favorite uncle is an ESTP, I find him good natured, genuine, open to new possibilities, however, a little blind and unable to see the bigger picture and consequences or the 'how are you...
A barbed net and chloroform.
Your meant to be studying but busy watching Becker repeats and sitting on here.
As most ENTP would know their natural partners are the elusive INFJ and the infamous INTJ, but who do you believe are the natural enemies of the ENTP?
Hi, welcome welcome, ha, so infj intimate with an intj, being an Entp that's kinda appealing since both are my 'matches'.
Yes, I understand the oranges bit, I think of it more as starting off on opposites ends of the topics and slowly and painfully reaching the middle after much arguing about assumptive arguments,...
I agree.
What's your take on the functions?  Si Fe Ti Ne & Ne Ti Fe Si, are technically opposites, I believe it depends on subjective, yet realistic interpretation of opposite, I think ENTP / ISTJ are...
... and grasp onto familiarity for deal life!
While I agree with that, and feel everyone is a learning experience and a good opportunity to relate to them as well as myself, however I kinda miss the days when people seems to be 'more on my...
Well, my rebuttal is if he was more N, he'd evidently be my perfect  match. Sometimes I can see that N sparkle, though the N vs S back and  forth of misinterpretations is pain like talking French...
Oh thank you, he showed me a good time, I really learned from him that being at 20+ you really can still find people interesting.
look at me, look at me is probably in his context his Sensing Feeling , he wants to know those few people he does know and socialize with approve of him and not disapprove of him and there's no...
Yes we haven't spoken for a month, I believe we've entered a 'speak off' to the death I bet he says.
Weird and eccentric in a less classic sense.
Yes, I made a post not long ago about my recent dating of an ISTJ, our first date lasted six hours, I was very impressed and I had a lot of fun, HE was ISTJ to no surprise of his personality but it...
Is this an EJ trait?
No, neither... why? Is it of IS#J importance?
I love Nietzsche, interesting work, but partly isn't her brilliance in being unfocussed, haphazardous has it's benefits :-)  .... oh penises, lol, always a favorite past time.
How does she find that? I bet her mind must wonder on all sorts of things...
Yeah, funny you mention it he was always at a friends place swimming in their pool, it was his Saturday routine, not Sunday as that as a deviation from his routine.
Lol, that P coming out..
Idk about peanut butter, but liked swimming yet hated the beach due to the sand... :sad:
I'm in a four year relationship with an ISFJ, I'm an ENTP, I find my ISFJ to be quite loud, yet not confident, emotional, yet to the point of utmost sensitivity, I experience a unique humanity exists...
It was about three months ago we went on our first date, it lasted six hours and was very fun, more fun then what I've had in ages, I'm an ENTP, so he got a few shocks. Like when I publicly announced...
I've entered. I'm leaving now since I'm bored :wink:
Sex and love addiction.
Refer to Avatar...
http://personality-testing.info/tests/images/BSRIi.php?M=4.5&F=3.4 Is it a coincidence or is looking to be a fairly common ENTP result?
Callisto from Xena? ... Yep, I'm a nineties kid.
I think how ENTP's can rabble a little when interesting in something in very intellectual and open way, however, for me it does have it's limits.
For me, INFP, they're so cute. ESTP, so fun.... or maybe, just maybe an ENTP.
I'm a gay, ENTP, most guys find me too ....something. Most guys just bore me and I laugh in their faces.
You know you're an ENTP...  You're having the time of your life, and everyone looks at you like you f$$$ed their parents in a goat farm?
Poop jokes... queef jokes, bad haircuts, more E stuff apparently lol
Oh lay off, it was one of those Sunday nights were I was still in sleepy mode from all the Saturday night / Sunday morning clubbing. I thought it made sense at the time.'"


2446: 'And just to think I tripped, stumbled and fell into this thread.  Carry on folks!  (Yes I'm a klutz and a halfu200b)
Aproaches
We're masters of digging ourselves out of our own grave.   You know, the one we constantly put ourselves into.
For the most part it does, although I believe some character roles were shuffled around to add more drama. Its fairly accurate, although any movie adaptation tends to leave out tidbits here and...
Well I wouldn't have divulged so much information or pursued the idea without a speculative investment on my part. Although I am not actively searching for a girlfriend or companion at the time, she...
This is hilarious.  A few months ago I was searching for a bunch of movies with the parameters thought provoking movies, which inevitably led me to the INTJ Forum. I had my way with their...
Brb, devising a super elaborate code cracking algorithm for this ultra complex equation that is known as Ni-Fi.  Thank you for your contribution, lily.
Take away their bong.
Likewise. I've found it very hard for myself to maintain an emotional bond to an individual and have let down a lot of people in the process. Its not exactly a task for me to communicate with women,...
Answering in your particular order:  -A straight answer was elusive here, but I understand that INTJs respond best with very direct questions. I will certainly ask again though.  -I have...
I think she's trying to get a rise out of me. The problem with this sort of one-upsmanship is that I can spot it from a mile away. She seems a bit put off because last night I told her she needs to...
In my most recent days I have seemed to discover an INTJ female with a personally insurmountable amount of depth in any female I have ever encountered in my entire life.  It began on another...
WTF @ your username.  lmfao
No, I'm neither. I'd enjoy having to dispose of the bodies of those who think I am. I mean really, how can someone so attractive do such a thing? I love cats.
There aren't enough words to describe how much fun I'd have at one of these.  A coffee and a cat? Brilliant!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPbgkhpR3PI.swf
This doesn't happen to me, rather, I get bored of most girls I meet and only the ones that seem worth my time get my unwarranted attention. Its kind of like seeing a golden opportunity, only to prove...
Introvert, Extravert. Pish posh.  You all still run to the bathroom when you gotta go. Pfft, humans (or should I say animals?).
Are you saying that N types reproduce more N types by nature?  This is absurd.
To some of the more matured ENTPs, I have a few questions.  When did you begin developing your Fe-Si? I mean genuinely, where it started to impact your outlook on life and how you handle it? ...
Well, that escalated quickly.
I confess that I was a less than ideal mate for my ex girlfriend. Far too selfish, abrasive, controlling, and inflexible.  She might have made a good decision to sever ties with me. I don't know.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvsboPUjrGc.swf   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aX6XMIldkRU.swf
I kind of admire the arrogance and confidence that most INTJs I have personally met tend to exhibit. This sort of mystifies their image. In contrast to an INTP, the INTJ is not as much an open book...
Engage engage, and engage some more. Then follow them home and engage on the way.  Works every time! I also have this really annoying high pitched Ho ho ho! laugh that I use at the end of any...
One of those signs that chauffeurs use when picking up a foreign passenger at the airport.  Im currently in a Starbucks with an ambitiously colorful sign that reads INFJ?! and a winky smile just...
:laughing:  That was brilliant.
I don't know how to take this in my day-to-day, as my coldness has netted me a plethora of single-serving interactions that ended up in my favor yet contributed to some of my most catastrophic losses...
@Btmangan Heliotrope  I guess from the surface most would identify me as a Libertarian. I'm fairly socially liberal with some considerations for conservative convention, and fairly economically...
One night I decided to apply as a volunteer canvasser for the Conservative Party of Canada and the Liberal Party of Canada at the same time. Both replied, but the Cons had a much better canvass route...
I've done political canvassing in the past, but something tells me that the camp I supported wouldn't have many INFJs, let alone NFs for that matter :laughing:.  As for volunteering, its something...
I thought this was, for the lack of a better word, cute.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GT3ZiBMgXA.swf
It really depends where one would fall on the quality of human interaction scale. I'll use real-life interaction for my basis.  For single-serving social interactions, trust is not something that...
Racism would imply selective hatred.  Therefore, INTJs are not racist.
http://i46.tinypic.com/35jzg5e.jpg
I think I read about those in a textbook once.
I'd like someone to compile a universal formula of x = HowDoesThatMakeFuckingSense. You can use exponents, the cosine ratio, and the divine graces of multitheistic Gods (yes I said that in the INTP...
Its rather selfish to assume that our days are the only ones that are relevant.  Once the Earth purges it's noncontributing consumers, perhaps the cosmos will rotate a little more freely.
I don't see why a relationship should exist without exclusivity. You make perfect sense. I refer to crap-shoot relationships (one that doesn't clearly define a future objective, ie. long term...
After my post I just had to Google ENTP vampire, and of course, a thread about ENTP trustworthiness popped up from INTJForum, lol.
Yes.  Because we are all incapacitated quadriplegics when the sun's rays beam down on Earth.
It took me a devastating loss in my life to recognize the hurt one can inflict on a significant other when you don't pay attention to them. The special kind of attention. I felt as if I had to one-up...
Ah, the elusive INFJ female.  Seldom heard or seen, but quite possibly the most illuminating persona to encounter. No, I'm not generalizing, I'm just trying to prove myself right (or wrong, but so...
I guess opposites attract, hence the two posts meeting on the same thread. We have uncovered the meaning of life -- everything isn't and at the same time, is.
Because its the opposite of why isn't life.
Or maybe misplaced, malicious Fe. I'm excellent at acquiring friends and impressing people, but my long-term relationships suck ass.
I once introspected that fear was the fundamental motivator to many facets of successful living. It has stuck with me since.
Hold on here while I try to process this.  ENTPs, commitment? Commitment and ENTPs?  Are you kidding? I think we invented cold turkey (and many other wonderful and equally horrifying things as...
No, not at first.  Unless you're wearing a SWAG t-shirt.
I tread far from anarcho-feminism or radical feminism but I sincerely believe in equality and gender parity in regards to human rights.
I scored highest on Quality Of Time and Touch. Sounds about right. Marsec with his point labelled 1 elaborated quite well how I interact with my nearest and dearest. The aforementioned Love...'"


2490: 'Cool, the plan is working.  Less and less INTPs are shy and more are posting.   *agitates Star Strek complete serie* come-on fellows intps.
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Dude, you're studying in another country.  Why stick on one woman? Yea I get it, she might be the mysterious, hard to understand kind of girl you like but still.  My advice, meet as many woman as...
I have to get some landmarks as well. Takes me 6-7 times before I know a route by heart.  Or I'm slowly making up a map inside my head as I daily drive.   Gps is a good friend.
Lmao, Nah bro, didn't mean it like that. Well, yes I did.  But if I could feel empathy, I'd prob be sad for you.   Is she like the only crush you've had to far? Could you see more women or you...
Dude, sincerely, I was in relationship with en ESFJ and it was the worst relation I've had.  It was mostly working until one of us open his mouth.   ENTP ESFJ is probably similar to INTP ISFJ...
Hi Op, text walls aren't so great.  I think you're mistyped, try the test there and let us know the whole outcome: Free Jung + Enneagram Personality Test
Wow, you deep INTP sir.   Do watchu gotta do brotha. Grow some balls and ask her, best way to find out.  Gotta go for it !
https://41.media.tumblr.com/71ddd907e8b3598455110b160cf3ba6d/tumblr_nwf8ttofEW1t1otoho1_1280.jpg
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/11/63/de/1163deac06c4181c7c3ff74618c35792.jpg
Fututus et mori in igni! this is latin, I just cursed you. brb sacrificing a sheep  I'm sure your nonna is wishing from Heaven that     Drunk Parrot was her grandson.
You freaking killed your grandmother.  She was so shocked that you didn't like her food, that she died.  :exterminate:
I know damn. I wrote it and the answer flashed in my head with light bulbs. Why ask when you already know the answer eh? I guess I needed the confirmation. :blushed:
Yah, TJs are kinda boring..  Asking for sources for whatever we say and requesting an extensive planning.   :exterminate:
I can really relate to this. I'm someone extremely visual. I have a photographic memory heavily developed so it's easy to get back into memories.I remember stuff from when I was 6 y-o.  Memories are...
Say: hey baby, you knew that there's 50% we fuck tonight. How come? Well,  I want.... The other 50% is up to you ;)  It either works out, or she won't talk to you anymore. Win-Win.
How you like your zombies? Tits, ass or hermaphrodite?
My best friend is ESTP also.  I wouldn't say I'd fuck him tho.. You will get fucked up in a relationship with an ESTP tho. If you have trouble finding out the truth, you will live in constant lies...
My understanding of emotions is pretty developed. But also is my ability to feel one's pain. Before finding out about anti-social disorder, I spent my whole childhood trying to be an empath. Reading...
Intellectual growth should begin at birth, and only cease at death. Random knowledge is what fuel my will to live.
Exactly, even if it's not guaranteed to help - it is most likely guaranteed to be fun. I think it's part of ENTPs personality to push on people's buttons to better understand them. Sometimes it...
We're getting closer to the perfect new thread. I think INTPs wank themselves at everything stated above. It would surely catch their eyes and incites them to post.
They simply can't understand anything rational. They are so emotional, all their actions must be in harmony with everything.  Oh, when I was trying to explain something for pure random knowledge,...
Probably creative at finding ways to kill their entire Sims family.   Maybe we should go morbid for a new T&A thread.
Actually, I did help her.  Talking about her yesterday made me wonder what she had been up to. Seems like when I told her that, she stopped hanging out with guys and was only seeing her bestfriend...
Mmmh, indeed. http://personalitycafe.com/sex-relationships/625898-tits-ass.html is now at about 165 pages. We have to keep it ''geeky'' to not scare INTP, they aren't that used to people.
... :ninja: ...    Excuse my laziness, I couldn't go through the 11 pages. But please accept my further devotion to help INTPs have a better World.   It is pretty bad..  But no ENTP will refuse...
I did it to help her, it wasn't in my intention to make her cry like a baby. But you said it, it doesn't do her any favors to act like there isn't anything wrong with her.  She didn't realize...
A whole planet of ENTPs, it would be filled of knowledge but nobody would know the sources. We know how to make an inter-spacial ship because we know how. Not because we learned it. It would have a...
I once explained to a girl why she was sleeping with many of my friends, within a week. Started from her recent relationship and went way too deep into her childhood..  I ended up finding out she...
This feels like the most logical explanation.  All ENTPs thought of going to bed and ended searching for hours about nuclear bombs and stuff.  It's like if we haven't fulfilled our needs of...
MoonRabbit  Do you guys tend to suffer from sleeping problems? Insomniac ever since I was a child.   What are your thoughts prior to sleeping? Does your mind wander to different problem?  I'm...
12, ENTP, nop.
Will probably be when we will be able to create life in laboratory.
When someone starts arguing with you and someone else tells him to not even try to. Because ENTP > all in mental sparring.
I tried to be in relationship with an ESFJ, lasted 4 months and it took me a full month to make her realize it was over. Worst relationship of my life, only because of all the energy she drained...
Went out with an ISFJ once, made her cry twice per day with jokes even if it wasn't directed to her.  She was striving for Harmony and I was fueled by Chaos. Lasted two weeks, still when lights...
Desthro , probably too often to be honest. In conclusion of my past experiences, 3 months is kinda my deadline.  This is when I tell the woman I'm seeing that we're over, without any remorse.  As...
Damn, I thought I'd get away with this.. Still I ninja'd for a while.  Basic Questions: 1) Age or Age Range? Early 20s 2) City, Country and/or Region? Montreal City, Quebec, Canada 3) Tell us...
tr0u8l3m4k3r Wow, can't imagine how you treat your relationships.. Been single for a while eh?
Damn, you just ruined a date but with more than five words.
ThisIsNotBrittany , laughed my ass off at It's consent if she's sleeping.
I like to eat ass
x93There are only patterns, patterns on top of patterns, patterns that affect other patterns.  Patterns hidden by patterns. Patterns within patterns.  If you watch close, history does nothing but...
GeniusOverlord , I totally agree with you. The life in order I've described isn't what constitute the life of ENTPs.  All great changes are preceded by Chaos, and it needs to have some chaos...
Being a sheep.  Following what society wants basically..  Go to school Get a job (j.o.b.; Just Over Broke) Get married Have kids Send kids to school Pay your taxes Pay your bills
GeniusOverlord , yes, more I think about it, more I'm starting to realize I have to go far away & start from scratch.  For the party life thing, you can get bored around your early 30s but until...
There's almost no chance for me to get back to the same job. I'm thinking of finding a bar-restaurant to work at and to try to find a way to get back to school in Electricity and specialize in new...
I recently download 20 and listening to 12 of his podcast from 400+. I listen to music at least 8 hours a day tho.  His podcasts include a 15min guest mix at the end, some of them are really good...
I'm currently working for over a year at a desk job. Before that, I was working bartender in one of the finest gentlemen's club.  Let's say it's hell of a change, I went from working 4 nights a week...'"


2503: 'I love my work simply because I drive my hole work place (really going to start negotiating my salary now btw!). Anyway I get to change almost anything I want, what I propose gets done and I guess...
Crazy?  Always had top grades and LOTS of extra credits through.  .. And for some reason I was always very popular with both genders without trying. Lots and lots of friends, making my friends new...
Ok, the INTJ can wear the Darth Vader suit then...
I would like some more ENFP in my life for sure! But where are they?  And:  - Serious fun could include everything from towns square waterfights, experimenting with food, building gadgets,...
Well hopefully he'll remain an awesome person who remembers how to have fun then ;)
;) INTJ are invited as long as they play nice...
Coming this weekend! ;)
Hm... I think you are confusing us with the more passive aggressive INTPs? I think We are more like DANCING, possibly in our underwear - and building human pyramids!
Epic.
Your results:     Narcissism 83% 60%
Damn editor...
Oh, well I obviously put the serious in there so I could have some ENTJs and INTJs too!  ENTJ in Oslo?
If any of you fellow ENTPs live nearby I would sure like to meet up for some serious fun!  Let me know :kitteh:
It rocks - except for when it doesn't.  I won't point out the upsides of Ne as they are obvious. On the downside however Ne can really mess with your reactive mind, emotions, lust and self...
I'm not sure how I differ from dom Ni users but I score very high on the Ni to. For example I use it while learning languages (learning Vietnamese now as my 7th language that I've taken courses in)....
I invent and innovate systems for making thing work, and work more effective all the time. I'm not in it to get credit or power, I just NEED to optimise everything that concerns me as much as...
I'm not sure how I get all that attention from all those hot hot boys and girls - but I do... It's weird considering I don't even think that highly of myself. I guess I just don't care too much and...
Hm... I could have me some INFP right now provided he/she was a very sexual creature as opposed to the INTP. It's good to base a relationship on friendship - but essentially a relationship based on...
When you've gotten over yourself those feeling judgements just don't feel as important
I guess not caring about aquiring a certain status, simply being independent, is pretty intimidating to most people.
Sometimes I think that IF I WHERE A MAN: OMG. The girls would be like they get when I'm out in a club like around the clock. And I wouldn't be able to help myself flirting. That being said I would...
Do you really need or even want people like that in your life? Stop wasting another minute of energy on them and cut them loose.   I bet you actually feel worse about getting manipulated than about...
Pansexual 2. Got INTP though - I guess mostly I'm into non stereotypical but not >claiming to be sooo different< weird.. .
Ok, I'm obviously not counting Steven King movies to this category....
No. Splatter only,
1. Color of the heart chakra: green/pink 2. Prism 3. Neon lazers  Why? Cuz I'm a God damn hippie.
Brilliant.
When I was about 6 years old I used to go home to my boyfriend for 4 hours every day to play with He-Man stuff. Naturally he got to be He-Man as I was the one and only SKELETOR. (ha ha ha ha evil...
I live my life as a brainiac/imaginariac always craving more and more mindblowing!
I think lemon sounds very pink. Like nice, soft and round - like a peach. THAT should have been a lemon.
A weird fact: Studying for a taxation law exam that I had failed before (therefore making me stressed pushing myself) the number 7 that has always been brown also appeared in very dark blue at the...
ENTP and INTP seem to be the love cripples of this world. Thankfully they get each other. Or at least regarding that matter... Then the INTP Grey-A surfaces and the ENTP just stands there stunned,...
I just wrote this in another thread that linked to this one so I will simply repost it here...   I'm an ENTP and sometimes my synaesthesia really messes me up... Like numbers or letters having the...
I'm an ENTP and sometimes my synaesthesia really messes me up... Like numbers or letters having the WRONG color. I see it says 3 in blue on paper but my mind still sees a 5 and gets all mixed up...
I could justify sex on any occasion.  First of all it supersedes any other bodily need/sensation. If I'm tired/sleeping and sex comes up I'm wide into action in no time. I've always had a hard time...
I agree with that one  Noncommittal Emotions And Confessions Thread and all...  I have overcome my non comittal issues and what is my grand prize? My soulmate INTP is realising he is asexual. I...
Never being satisfied or just settling for what I've got or created. Always one foot stepping away towards the next better thing.   Also I'm seldom happy other than in my mind/imagination/in the...
To my 19 year old self kissing the Prince who (he sort of still looks like one...): Get that INTP NOW! Don't wait the next 10 years - most of the other ones will only make you a bigger pessimist...
I can certainly relate to this. It has happened to me exactly once and that was probably even worse. That time someone betrayed me that was not only a friend who had told me I could trust him, but...
>Intelligent people<, anti-gravity transportation, eco-housing, a green economy based on services, and oh... vines for swinging. More florescent stuff above ground would be cool too. Like neon...
I love it! Beautiful.
Hm, I'm just turning 30 and lokking back I realize I would never have told it so bluntly back then but:  I've always had a really bad situation at home meaning I was always depressed and very...
I think you have to clearly define the purpose ans scope of you project as narrow as possible, and then let go of it when it has reached the stage where it fulfills that purpose. I do this at work...
If you didn't push boundaries how could any person turn out interesting??
For sure this is also my ENTP's experience.  I'd say most people meeting me in a work-environment (except for when I'm recruiting new personell) would take me for a hard core INTJ. If they got...
[QUOTE=Extraverted Delusion;2815766] was the only post in the vincinity to techno in this entire post. Whuut?  But ok, I also amazingly lazy these days and mostly confine myself to enjoy the rides...
Master in Law and a Bachelor in Languages/Humanities.  I guess if I was motivated enough to just take the D-course and write another paper, I'd have a double Master in weeks. But it's basically just...
Speaking from experiance: Imagine bringing out the best and the worst out of each other.  I think we do better balanced and complimented by those who speak NT-brainwave but provide strenght where we...
That video was the awesomest thing I've seen all week. Whoop whoop Also FUNK rocks.
This is me to a tee.  If I think you're an idiot, annoying and if at work you will always get my proffessional poker face. I will never tell you anything F but keep strictly business demanding you...'"


2519: Just out of curiosity, how did it turn out?
Lol.   Oh how my opinion has changed! I reckon after studying political philosophy (and reading the main works of political philosophers) I've just began to really lack a political orientation.  ...
*Personally speaking.   It may very well be that Jesus could have been either one if looking historically from the way the Bible depicts him. On one side he was a troubled revolutionary going...
Like a few others who posted on here, I'd describe myself as being intense in debates or situations where I'm passionate about something, whether it's a cause or an idea. I'd also say I'm pretty...
For me personally? I'd say that it had been improved through a variety of factors...  1. First, understanding that there is no 'clear-cut' result for improvement, improvement is a gradual process....
Someone charismatic who energises me and brings out the best in me, as I do with them. Someone who can intellectually as well as sexually stimulate me. Someone humble and can appreciate the simple...
I too, used to test as an INTP (and before that INFP) when I was depressed. I guess as I grew up and passed the awkward adolescent phase in my life I learnt to accept me for who I truly was; this is...
One of my favourite responses so far, because you didn't analyse the situation to try and infer what he might be feeling, but rather actually construct some meaningful advice that I can enact on. As...
Haha, there is a sense of ignorance because his reaction was a result of a misunderstanding (which I guess was influenced by the circumstances in which I blurted out the remark). But like you said,...
That was a well rounded response which I can't really argue with, the hardest part is that I don't know him too well to make any certain presumptions about his character...so I can't really decide if...
I tried numerous times but he always seems to be dismissive of it. I just want to clear up misconceptions so that he doesn't make a judgement based on ignorance/lack of information. I guess I can...
Haha, that's hilarious! Yeah I'd say the latter, although I address your question if you continue reading. As to regards of the comment, it was entirely misinterpreted and a slip of the tongue!
I'm currently seeing an INTJ (who occasionally tests as INTP) for a little while but it's been very intense. Although he's been pursuing me for the longest while and it's only recently that he had...
I voted knowledge - but I do believe wealth, as in being healthy/happy, is important too (and probably covers 'love' also).
I sure do. Sometimes even if they are friends or just mere acquaintances, I just feel as if I'm on some other wavelength that is incomprehensible to them and the feeling just further isolates my...
(although i would be a hypocrite to say that i've never done this myself)
1. intelligence 2. intelligence 3. intelligence 4. intelligence 5. intelligent enough to understand that formulating lists about what one desires are a waste of time and thought
They fall in love instantaneously, impulsively and blindly and I believe they leave in the exact same manner (from my experiences, ofc).
space rock, jazz, neo soul, hip hop, shoegaze, liquid d&b, grunge, post-grunge, trip hop, electronic, psychedelic rock, chillwave, house, funk, 2-step etc....
I do indeed.   Many people joke around and said that I'm the 'weirdest' person they know...but at the same time I don't see anything weird in my behaviour.   In fact, I'd say that the typical...
I don't really intimidate many...but when I do it's usually alpha males.
I'll get along fine with anyone who is willing to talk to me. Being judgmental about people's personalities is fucking pathetic....
Yeah I know a couple and I'm friends with one. She's very easy to get along with and has a very bubbly personality and is well-liked by everyone and vice versa.   The other ESFPs just piss me off...
me, i do. i have this...yep
I think the fact that I'm also blocking certain individuals out my life is also taking its toll - even though I know I want nothing to do with them.
Do you guys ever experience loneliness when you don't attend events/parties for a while?  I think I'm working really hard right now to try get the grades I need and that is stopping me from seeing...
i feign angst when i really know exactly what i'm doing. i'm always confident even if i don't appear so from first glance.   actually, i lie, i made that up.   idk, i just like the sound of it....
neither
THANK GOD YOU ASKED THIS!  seriously! i'm going through some pathetic friendships issues.   i've finally considered cutting all communication with a friend. she is an ENFP (but wouldn't surprise...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLzzNp3O7Og  What type do you reckon she is then?
Yep!
Thought I'd add some names that you guys may be less familiar with...  Real: - Sarah Silverman  - Aaliyah  - Left Eye (from TLC) - Missy Elliot  - Teyana Taylor   Fictional:
Not at all. It is, however, dependent on the individual and not the type.
i'm hardly into political parties, but i do have a political orientation. i'd classify myself as a traditional classical liberalist.   i think that classical liberalism is the only political...
I'm pretty hurt at the moment with a couple 'friends'...you know the usual.   I deal with it by being by myself and thinking things through. I don't like to spend time with people because then I...
My room is generally clean, although it could do with a good hoover here and there.  As for decoration, I have a wall dedicated to hip hop and books/records scattered everywhere. Also a large...
Hahah that joke had me crying with laughter. I don't even know why!
You're not serious right? I know a very modest and reserved INFP and she's literally the most interesting person ever. Some people are naturally more quiet and shy - it's in their nature, and who's...
Yeah things have changed: more time now and no personal/family problems (from both sides). I'll meet up with him and talk to him. Turns out he's not ignoring me on facebook (I was overreacting). ...
It was a pretty mutual break up. Probably because we weren't frequently meeting up since I was busy with school etc etc...
I will do at some point. Just feels so awkward.  What do you think this means in your opinion?
Uh oh! :(   The night before last night I finally met my ex at a party for the first time since we broke up - in about 4 months or something like that? Anyways, we spent the night talking then we...
Thought I'd offer the perspective of an ENTP female with an ENFP male. This is my experience from my last relationship which didn't last too long. It didn't work out due to practicality. Our...
Contrary to popular beliefs NTs do in fact enjoy writing/reading poetry. I do. And so does my friend, who is a complete cookie cutter representation of an ENTJ.   It's debatable however, because...
ENTP/ENTJ   What a lot of people forget is his origins of success. His first feature was on 'Chappelle Show' (which is a comedy show more particularly based around African American culture for...
Thought I'd update...why not?  Characteristics  Intellectual/unconventional intelligence (typically intuitive)   Someone who's motivational and inspirational   Constantly comes up with...
Those with substance.
1. How idealistic are you? Very.  2. How opinionated are you? Very.  3. What do you want to be your most significant contribution to the world? Artistic contributions. Painting murals,...
Currently in a relationship with an ENFP. http://www.downloadatoz.com/_imgbank/cr/crawler-smileys/Crawler-Smileys.icon.gif  We connect exceedingly well and share a lot of the same morals/lifestyles...
Agressive. Although I have anger issues."


2525: 'I absolutely feel at home on a stage. It's what I do, not professionally yet, I'm a student. I've never shyed away from acting, I only started it maybe 3 years ago, but I'd always wanted to try it. I...
Where in the world have you been? Where would you love to go?
Entps, do you keep things for nostalgic and/or sentimental reasons? Do you hoard things that remind you of your childhood, or people in your life?
I get very stressed if I know someone really dislikes me for a reason I know to be invalid, I tend to start off diplomatic and open until I come across blatant stubbornness and unwillingness to make...
She's gone: suicide I don't know if threads can be deleted or not
Her parents know, but no information yet
Update: she's missing
Having friends I don't eventually get paranoid about and cut myself off from
School Also, I don't believe indulging in some sort of substitute for these urges of yours is the best thing. You'll only keep reminding yourself of what you want to do. Instead of finding a similar...
If you have any similar urges regarding people's pets, or humans, I would agree with this idea also
At school, INFJs would hang around with other INFJs and a few INFPs, smoke like chimneys and talk about smoking
I personally like ESTJs quite a lot, but I would say that these people who dislike them and also want to be them do not get on well with ESTJs, but they see their lives as being fun, exciting,...
You were for myself, and the two on the left. It's difficult to tell personality when someone is laughing I suppose
Yup no context  I'm actually the one on the far right. Curious how P and J seem to be the easiest elements to spot on a face
497449  What type would you say each person is?
Post a name/ or list of names that you would use for your alter ego, be it a stage name, superhero name or whatever the bloody hell you like You can explain if you want Go nuts B cRea8tiVe...
She got that information about her kidneys from her doctor but it was based on a test of her urine, and she only told him about the medication and pills she's on and not the cocaine I don't know how...
I don't believe so. Apparently they're very strict. I worry they wouldn't support her but to be honest I don't know She seems to be so determined to sort out the situation herself but I don't know...
Of course, to talk and stuff but she takes the situation very lightly, she laughs about it a lot, I wouldn't know how to approach her seriously about it
My friend is addicted to cocaine Apparently her kidneys are failing (or will if she continues) because of the toxins in her system, including antidepressants and painkillers Her arms are scratched...
white is a way of being  what
enneagram stuff. if you are sx (as opposed to sp or so) you're prone to valuing intensity of emotion and closeness with people and so on
I feel anxious just thinking about planning, haha. If an entp wanted to let you do all that work, would you be okay with that?
I'm curious, how would the p drive you crazy?
It may be. I have pretty high Fe. But I don't always trust my instincts about other's emotions (even though I'm usually right). I always appreciate when someone is honest about their feelings and I...
INTP I'd say  I'm fascinated by the Romans and Greeks but mainly the Romans. Especially impressed by their architecture, politics and superior battle tactics. Such beauty and strength was combined...
Maybe I could trick people into thinking I'm a good photographer. Or writer. Or any kind of artist.
ENTP and Catholic
Thank you very much, I like this. Cosmonaut cat will have to do though.
I'm content with this for the moment. I'll probably change it again tomorrow anyway. This one's temporary. Representing my transition into a new self derp derp
I made this because I'm indecisive. You think I could choose just one food to rule them all?
Click the reply with quote, otherwise I can't get notified about your reply. Hope you enjoy yourself posting here. What do you find so fun about us, I wonder?
Playing A Link Between Worlds. Love it. Love the puzzles. Beautiful design, and smooth controls. There's one boss I just can't get the hang of though. Thank god there's free reign over the order of...
I've been represented by the Salar de Uyuni for far too long. Bolivian salt flats just don't cut it anymore for an avatar. Give me your snazziest suggestions, minimalism is dead to me from now on....
Aww thank you. :blushed: A lot are argumentative. I'm one of the least argumentative ENTPs I know, which is down to me qenuinely appreciating harmony. My brother is an INTJ and drove me nuts...
I remember being new, it wasn't long ago. I tried very hard to be witty. No one noticed my terrible jokes. That's why I love this place.
ShaydeWolfe I'm a 17 year old girl too. I don't want to leave you hanging here all on your lonesome. How are you, new INFP. I'm an ENTP.
I had a feeling that was the side of us you'd come across. All of what you've said is true in some cases. The truth is (obviously I can't speak for all of us but I digress) is that a lot of us are...
Do you guys generally come across as laid-back, or intense? At first, I mean. Or are you like us, starting off as laid-back and gradually appearing more and more dramatic? (Sometimes it's the...
Sometimes INFPs intrigue me because I like to think that secretly they're hyper-judgemental, malevolent, vengeful hate-filled bastards with a true disgust for everyone around them. Their only curse...
Because we're frauds, right? And we don't really have any true feelings towards anything, because we can convince ourselves of anything. Therefore rendering us empty self-preserving shells with no...
Intense connections are so important to me that my former enemy and I know each other more than some of my friends know me
Am I just using my two best friends to feel close to someone, or is that what friendship is... sometimes I over-dramatize what I tell them just to intensify our bond over the situation  I try to...
It is indeed.
It would be naive to expect people to take me as I am no matter what.
Can't. Only medium available to me through which I can make plans or talk to friends at home, seeing as I never bothered to buy a decent mobile phone.
I'd rather be in control of people's opinions of me than be completely oblivious. One can't assume that large assumptions aren't made based on little things, and also one can't assume that these...
entp- Insanity -sfa2 miki
Look at me all on stage and shit 482153  482161 ^I'm the one in the middle. I'm important so that's why I get to have a microphone fused to my face.   482169 Even when I don't have dialogue, I...
Friendly, compassionate, wise-looking, experience-wearied eyes is a trend I'm noticing'"


2532: 'Yep! you're right! I agree with you!! i think seeking pressure is more relevant than danger, but it must be a very strong pressure to me. i would say, very close to danger.    About your...
it would be nice to know what you think about it.:joyous:
Thanks everyone for the replies! Right now; when i think about it... i believe i was way overthinking about it. let me explain you why.  i had a discussion with my grandfather's cousin about that...
i totally agree: to me; if i define something black or something white, it's allways a matter of perspectives or feelings or subjectives things... defining something black is a subjectiv action; not...
I did an awesome thing to an extreme level! My friends who knows.... allways smile when they think about it. But To tell you the truth; some things should stay secret... IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN
i don't think the rules are particularly stupid in an evolutionari point of view, specialy the first one. let me explain you why:  Because :In the past, most of the time, people used to set up...
i absolutely agree with you. And i think, Ne is undervalued in western society. Ne could make a lot of money, but it's way too unpredictable with low probablitys of success.
i think i don't make videos of myself because i really don't like talking about me, my story, my life, my thoughts and specially my feelings. on personnalyty caf it's fine because nobody knows how...
86830  about ENTP part; i'm not surprised at all . it makes sense, even if the graf isn't perfectly accurate for multiple reasons. most of the time incomes are better for Js in fact: ESFJs/...
about ENTJ and ENTP part; i'm not surprised at all . it makes sense, even if the graf isn't perfectly accurate for multiple reasons. most of the time incomes are better for Js in fact: ESFJs/...
thanks everyone that's really interesting. I think i get it now.  I'm gonna try to summarise everything i understood don't hesitate to tell me, if i'm wrong, because i don't speak fluently...
My oncle's best friend is an ENTJ, who seem to have exactly the same attitude as you describe. This ENTJ really like to be with my ENTP oncle because he feels that he can talk freely with him and be...
Hie fellow NTs  What do you think about management? how do you manage to be so efficient?  as you can see; i'm an ENTP... and i'm happy to be one, but sometimes i wish i was ENTJ. in fact, i...
I think the same way    For my experience; being called sweet allways has been a bad thing for me. I meen if i wanted the women interested in me romantically speaking. some women could be...
lol, i understand. And to tell you the truth, i tried to date on internet and it was unproductive; i spent too many times for no results at all. that's why i prefer real life; it's much more...
i don't know, but did you ever felt you doesn't belong to some place? or groups? Because, i never really fell in love with anybody; i was happy to be with my exs, but i didn't really care... i never...
hie everybody  I know that your type is very rare and i never saw any INFJ woman. And some say, we are the best match ENTP + (INFJ or INTJ). I'm an ENTP male, and i really would like to find and...
family/ friends/ freedom/ knowledge/ power/ and fun
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOLqNOfzus4  Did you see Limitless the movie? i think He is an ENTP from the beginning. He was an unhealthy ENTP and became a healthy ENTP thanks to the pills. Do...
like you said, i think; building a wide personal networking is really important. It would be great if the personal networking was composed by many different MBTI types (NTs/NFs/SPs and even SJ types)...
he doesn't seem to be ENTP to me; i didn't see any Fe, it was Fi function all around the place to me. i don't know if he got intuition but i would probably say; he is ESFP or may be ENFP but i...
as an ENTP i think i would probably don't care about religion and political stuff, like i do for real. i would probably try to find a way out, try to find better places.  If the population would...
i used to smoke weed too. i stoped 6 years ago, and i don't feel the need to smoke anymore.  this is what i did: - i stopped seeing my friends who smoked - i put all my weed in my toilets - i...
i would say: start something, and start with the career you love the most. And obviously; the only thing you really want to do in life: is starting up a firm.  why don't you choose to start up a...
yes... even with SJs i used to dislike. even if they can't see the big picture as we can do, or see possibilities everywhere; they can be usefull, and become an asset to the group.  But to...
My dating game; it's like hunting, in a funny way:proud: i have strategies/ tactics and so on... but let me be clear; it has to be fun. Because, i don't really like to flirt with people i don't...
i understand now;Thank you. before MBTI i also used to consider most people stupid, but today i consider things a little differently; to me, most people have a different kind of intellect than...
i'm sorry i don't understand what you mean by: most people are stupid... still working on reconciling the two. cause i don't speak fluently english. could you explain? being more specific?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8jZfPy6o0U&amp;list=FLVHdMn__7lkR660wnpV14Eg&amp;  index=270...
It depends:  i would say; if i had to work for someone else, i would choose option 1, and spend the rest of my weeks, having fun/ and may be; if i could work thoses 4 hours on my computer thanks to...
i think ENTPs have more chances to be heterosexual than gay, and ENFPs to be or like what ever they want (gay/ heterosexual/ bisexual/ etc...)  i know people are going to scream at me... but don't...
sorry i don't understand the question. what do you want to know?
i like broadway and other stuffs like this too. That's interesting; i allways thank an ENTP could just be straight or bisexual. I allways thank personality  types could only influence our sexuality...
i don't know what the other ENTP i know (in real life) think and need about the game (i mean seduction).  but what i know for sure about the 4 ENTPs i know and i about play (in general): - we love...
when i learned about MBTI, i was frustrated to find that SJs were soooo numerous. and i was very angry about it. And i was just frustrated that SPs were numerous too. N are like 30 or 20% of...
if i understood everything you wanted to say: i think it's a really good point of view. your vid is great. i think the same way, for the most part of the things you said. You shared good angles to...
NO! what matter is success!!! nothing else matter. like i said, i'm tired to see my friends unhappy with there lifes...because they don't want to see the real world. i just wanted to help a girl to...
i would love to know how you pick-up women; with your  evolutionary biological theories. did you tried only once to meet a friend of yours and said: i love you, do you want to be my girlfriend?...
I understand, you could see him as a mirror of you.  Maybe his functions (Ne/Ti/Fe/ Si) are the same as yours, and maybe he is open to relationship, but he is an ENTP male.      You see we are...
At least, could you say why? And propose something else instead of; he deserves to know how you feel. By the way, that's not what Falling down asked... she wanted to know how to become his...
i would say: don't tell him right away if he didn't do anything already; that's probably because of something (maybe he has a crush on someone else or he already loves her/ maybe he doesn't like...
yes that's right!!! we spend too much time focusing ourself on what MBTI says about us. ENTPs have focus problems, but we still can focus ourself on something. even if we have potential issues, we...
if you want to find the best way to stay focus and to accomplish anything: - JUST TRY TO MAKE IT FUNNY it will help you to stay motivated... trust me. i learned spanish just by watching movies in...
in my experience, ENFPs tend to be more entertainers than ENTPs. they tend to be warmer than us and sometimes they look for emotional bonds (while they doesn't really care). they tend to show their...
first thing to do.... apologize your parents and pay them off with interests....    Apologize your parents again and pay them off with interests....  and for the rest; just do what the3rdpower...
YES WE CAN!!! you can go from being friend with a woman to being a lover. But its' really difficult... i know for fact. it depends on the way she sees you.       -   because she can be your friend...
if i want my energy and motivation to jump into something, or to be unstoppable.... i just have to get short deadlines/ to make my goal really difficult to achieve because of a short deadline. and...
you're right! for work, it could be great to have some SJ's working for you. but living with an SJ is totally different. we don't share the same goal in a relationship as in a job.  I used to...
isn't it dragon ball z?
i think ENTP could be lazy, because society wants us to have an SJ state of mind/ to act like an SJ/ and to believe in stupid things like some SJ's could do... (sometimes :wink: ) and it's soooooooo...'"


2587: Woooooow gz!!!!!!!
Someone hand me an INFJ guy out for testing purposes, so I can write a report ^^
ESTJ :D xD
hahaha no im sure not an INFJ, too extraverted, every damn test I take is 80+ % extravert ^^ and I am.   But nice to know that there are other clumsy as fck ppl out there xD
For me, it's def. a yes, sometimes I do not understand the motivation of what's being said, I accept the outcome, but I want to know why, how and where did it start.     Mhm... once I trust I do...
And you came here,  to say that :3  Totally not bothered at all :puffer:  <3
Welcome. ^^
And I bet you like what you see ;)
What if we say maybe?
I want to thank you and  Necrilia for your answers.  To be honest, I didn't think it is that hard.   He makes me feel non-existent. He says he is busy, but when it comes to something he wants to...
Welcome to the forums ^-^!!!  I hope you enjoy your time here
Thank you so much.. this really really helps. I'm not often insecure, but with him, I am. He makes me question my moves, am I too fast? Am I too annoying? etc etc. Makes me starving, yes, but I...
This looks fun ^^ Let's get rid of everyone else and rule the world.
Favs: INTP, ENTJ, ENFP, ISTP , ESFP, INTJ  Least: ESTP
Welcome :P
I already have one, I injure myself at least 3-4 times a week, cause I constantly run into things.  Last week I ran into a door, burned myself on a pan ( grade 2 burn) cause cat distracted me, I...
I find it very interesting that you registered just now, and replied just to my post.  Call me paranoid, but thats suspicious o.O
Summoners Wars ^^ its a mobile RPG game, a bit pokemon like
I'd say all of it :)  Or maybe the fact that as heated as I can be, as cold I may become.   Thank you very much for ^^ welcoming me :)
Trying to hide the phone from myself, so I can't spam my INFP crush , while he is busy :3
Hi! Very nice to meet you! ^.^ another ENTP girl! yay  Haha yeah :)   Well to the NT Types, I'm very picky whom I chose as friends, especially females, I have massive problems with let's say 95%...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiIfEh2RYLg
Omfg this helps atm so much O.O .....   Question: Its my first time dating an INFP, best advice for first month? what to be really careful of?
Haha thank you for that xD its day 1 and he already drives me crazy by emotional starvation ^^ .... even if he is the >_> feeling one and I'm the thinking one.. but oh well.. I guess I just have to...
Summoners War!!!
This part please haha.    That not feeling, I have that sometimes too, my exbf always said I'm cold and not sensitive, most people would call me passionate though, til the point I lose interest. ...
I honestly and deeply hope, that I won't ever understand my INFP, but understand him enough to make him happy.  May I ask for an advice? We are in a super freshly new relationship, he is very shy,...
Thanks everyone for the warm welcome and sorry for late reply, I was busy at work :( couldn't reply that fast.   I'll try to herass em as good as I can.. i guess >.>   ^_^ I hope I will have lots...
:( wow so much hate for ENTPs ... and I just got together with my INFP...   Kinda steals my thunder..   >.< IDC i love my INFP! Just hope I can treat him right ._.
Thank you!!!
Hi everyone!  I've been asking this myself for a while now, even before I knew I'm an ENTP. Are we emotional morons?  Looking back at the past 10 years I realized I'm an emotional idiot.  I...
Hi everyone! I'm not really new to this forums, since I am reading here for a while. BUT my registration is new, I really needed advice this time haha and I got it, so I thought after my unorthodox...
I want to thank you from the depths of my heart. Your advice helped me... with being careful. I asked him for a call and he said yes, a night before the call I've written a poem, which I sent him a...
Idk maybe its my ENTP insensitivity but I simply, don't understand it.  I mean to me it is: you like me, I like you, where the f*** is the problem? Just doesn't go into my brain.  He said he didn't...
Thanks for your reply, I didn't even think to that point yet. I decided atm to give him and myself space, situation is a little bit too heated.   However, I just don't get why he would point out...
Hello everyone!  I was a long time reader in this forum, and now I really have a question, excuse my English please I'm not native English speaker.   I really like a guy, who happens to be INFP. ..."


2603: 'By the powers, if I were to see another How to get an INTJ thread...  I might start screaming and reading Socrate's Apology.   I will speak from being with dating one for the last year.  Yes,...
these are the topics of recent breakfast debates of the last week that are most noteworthy.  Either the debate over philosophical zombies... Or, the lengthy debate between whether the Well Ordering...
1. Constantly make references... To the same movie! 2. Say everything with an indefinite reference.. Rather then fixed. 3. Tell them that yellow is not a color and prove it.  (rather lolzy)  =)
Recently, I have been able to get Cubase 5 and I have been composing music since.  I would appreciate comments and such on each of the songs that I created.   MY personal favorite is Enigma...  ...
I have decided after reading countless articles on wikipedia about trolling that my personality is terrible at trolling.  INTP's are the worst trolls in the world.  They are better at saying I love...
It is impossible to be INTP and INTJ at the same time.  The may look like fair buddies but we are complete opposites!!  Check the functions and that is where you shall find your enlightenment.
I am reading Snow Falling on Cedars (Carl envy anyone!?) and the Heart is a Lonely Hunter right now..  Anyone read them before?
Basically the same thing..  You have to let him know else he will get his hopes up.  And it is perfectly fine being friends but not dating..  And do you know his type?  It is possible that he can't...
What is your name? What is your favorite color? What is the capital of Assyria?  lol  Actually for real.. What is the meaning of life (and not 42)? Why do I procrastinate?
First off I must start with a notable quote.    Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. -Dr. Seuss  Anyways, just say what is...
I have noticed a great lingual irony as of yesterday.  I realized if one could not recollect the proper word for a situation and this situation is one that is being stated as of this sentence (that...
Welcome to the forum!!!  You guys (and women!) are my favorite people in the world!!!  I love all of you!!!  Alright..  That is all for my <3 INFJ talk!!  Hope to see you soon (as in hope you post...
I would agree!!  I know an INFJ and they make even me, an INTP, squishy!!!  I know, division by 0, 0 to the 0th power moment!!  But I love INFJs so much!!! =)
nincompoop n. A silly, foolish, or stupid person. pulchritudinous adj. Beautiful puerile adj. childish  The pulchritudinous lady acted like a puerile nincompoop to attract my attention.
Welcome!!  And don't worry about being shy..  Everybody loves INFJS!! =)
When you realize that they have a lot in common with Gaston in Beauty and the Beast! :laughing:
Well, since social hindrance will not be a problem-- I am not the only guy doing this right now...  I think that removes one of my chief arguments out of the way.. For now lol...  =)
Any withdrawal symptoms? ...  No!  The main reason I didn't allocate myself time is because if I did...  My mind would discover every loop hole there was to exist and thereby ruin any chance of...
Well guys.. I decided to literally stop playing every video game on my computer.  Voluntarily!  So, I literally decided to delete every game file off of my computer!!  I would like to know if anyone...
I listen to the music...  Because music defines the context of the lyrics..  Lyrics are the frosting of music.  Nothing more..
I either don't remember or just remember their face .. It is really quite annoying because I make an effort to remember but by the end of the conversation I will forget their name lol.
I hope to give a little more then an average hello!   So, welcome to this place called Personality Cafe..    Please consider this before drinking the given coffee..  1.  Coffee may stain your...
Well lets compare there functions. INTJ: Dominant: Introverted Intuition Auxilliary: Extraverted Thinking Tertiary: Introverted Feeling Inferior: Extraverted Sensing  ENTP Dominant:...
Here is a few shots of humor..  What part of a triangle uses drugs? The High-Pot-In-Use! (took me 3 minutes to explain this one to someone lol)  This one is dirty but I loved it...  What did...
I will do my best to try and help and hopefully it assists you =).  ~Random thought~ , I notice you are an ENFP..  Is it possible that under the amount of stress you're going through that your...
That is very true, to be honest, I believe respect should be based on content of posts rather then post count. And, I would incline to respecting the more senior members (in term of join date). ...
Thanks a lot!  I am going to say that I am more of an INFJ Academic Type.  Which would leave me as I was..  It fits pretty well because I always mix up with INTJ and I am like..  It fits so well!...
If you whisper cookie by an ENFP...  You will notice a head turn because of interest in the cookie.. If you talk about cookies...  Prepare to be stalked til you give the cookie If you have a cookie...
I'm taking the following..  With the great comments.. In case anyone was wondering, I will no be disclosing what school I am at..  But I will say, that in my state, it is the hardest high-school to...
I am currently pondering about paradoxes and probably about to go to bed lol..  For example.. If ignorance is bliss then why is everyone so miserable?
Hey, I am relatively curious about my personality type because I can't pin down my type..  I take the test and it says INTJ but it doesn't fit me completely.  Lets begin with a nice long list about...
I never second guess myself I think.  But I do triple guess myself at least once a day. :sad:
I would have to vote that it would firstly be an ENTJ or an ESFP...  ESFP because of the great panic and as previously stated...  And ENTJ since heshe would be attempting to lead myself into...
I can kind of relate to this...  Only I used to be like this in 8th grade.  It was like being an introvert in an extrovert's body.  It sucks...  Anyways, not more then the previous advice given..  I...
Hey Everyone! I decided to write an exceptionally boring introduction since everyone enjoys introductions!  Anyways, as the title might imply, I am a computer sorta guy.  I also am a lover of random...'"


2622: 'Oh yes, it's so fantastically true it's wonderful.  I usually reply by trying to point out that my work involves developing original ideas and models, and also by pointing out, at least in my...
Although, I just realised, to be fair it's not that commonly said to me, as compared to things like How the hell do you know about this!?
That because I am good at maths and science, and because I read a lot, that that somehow makes other people more creative than me.... that is, people say words to the effect of   Oh, you are good...
Yeah I can understand what your saying - I had the same problem when I was one of those children things we've all seen running around on weekends. I used to ask questions and get an unsatisfactory...
Aeroplanes made out of whale blubber.    We'll have them one day.   We are yet to make the full transition to human.
Your brain goes every which way is possible, up, down, sideways whilst doing back flips and blowing raspberries. Ideas come and go and your head seems to create ideas as quickly as it leaves them...
Haha ... brilliant.
I think we're far more likely to act like clowns and make fools of ourselves. In a group of rationals, NTJs are probably judging me or taking me a bit too seriously, whereas the INTP at least quietly...
Production surely just means what it always meant and always will mean doesn't it? It's just that we produce different things and the division of labour continues to create more and more specialisms...
What could go wrong?
I think it's hard to say since both capitalism and socialism have so many variants. Sometimes what people call socialism can have many similar traits to what we call capitalism; you still have trade,...
Currently a doctoral student... I'm supposed to introduce myself to people as a Research Engineer.
I'm always smiling... especially if I'm on the London Underground; I can see everyone else looking miserable and tired and so I like to smile since I know everyone there will sinisterly stare at me...
Not sure, it's hard to say.  I think that maybe being ENTP means you play a certain role within a group rather than being member of a particular group itself, at least to a significant extent. What...
Prefer Fs mainly, ESFP INFJ ENFJ .... If the J is too strong I may end up going mad and start committing horrific crimes against humanity, but hey... I'll give it a go anyway.
Have you experienced issues with self-esteem as Ne-Ti or Ti-Ne? Yep. For the past six years or so... its getting better since about a year a go I realised that the shyness and self-doubt I was...
So true ... I've long believed that if they're going to report stuff like this, they should have a massive sign up in the background saying Not News, like they do for Sport or Weather.
I am very interested in current affairs and such stuff, in fact the vast majority of my procrastination is reading news articles, googling political topics and stuff like that.   In terms of news...
Hehe, that could quite easily be true :P.  Although I have to ask, does it only count as people watching if it is for the sake of people watching? Does it count if we're observing people for the...
Yeah ... although are there many people who don't people watch from time to time?
194618 Here.... it's a Sad Panda.  I like it. Feels appropriate for this thread.
The doctor from doctor who :P.   Gandalf the Grey, more so than the white. Gandalf the Grey seems to be a bit more chilled, he drinks lots of beer and hangs around with hobbits seemingly just for...
Hehe, I have to have about 3 or 4 books on the go at once otherwise I'll not get through them. Rather than reading one book all they way through, start to finish, I read one and then when I got bored...
I know one ENTJ, though not very well. One thing the springs out immediately when I think of him is that he is obsessed with money - it's all he wants and he'll never be seen wearing cheap clothes,...
Hehe, one of my lectures told me if I ever get asked a question to which I don't know the answer just say Heisenberg's uncertainty principle and it'll usually be right.
Haha .... yeah that's a fair point. It's one of those things where I've started out joking but the joke seems to have ended up gaining a little more rationality behind it than I expected ;).
....  wait  ....  Dam. I almost thought of something then but it's gone now...  still seems like a good plan.
I don't see anything wrong with this plan whatsoever, not only do we solve the population crisis, but the survivors would presumably be immune to the black death... so we would have achieved a great...
Mild social anxiety and occasionally poor social skills. In fact, the social anxiety can be occasional as well.   There are just certain situations where I may or may not end up feeling so...
Most people would describe me as far-left, though I use that term reluctantly since the terms right and left are usually used in a derisory way and they also oversimplify things a bit too much...
One thing I love to do: If person A and person B really despise one another I turn to person A, for example, when he is on his own and go Hey, A, you know you really remind me of B, you two are...
When I saw the title of this thread I was seriously hoping that procrastinatio was going to be some sort of Spanish or Italian super-hero, possessing incredible powers of procrastination. Please...
Mum: ENFP - Warm, energetic and laid back. Also loves to gossip.  Dad: ISXJ - Controlling, pompous and quite closed-minded - Sometimes I consider the possibility he could be sociopathic due to his...
Probably says it all there.... I get the strong suspicion that many people on forums such of these just look at two paragraphs off of some website that describe Myers-Briggs types and use that for...
...well I'm entitled to my own opinion.. Normally said after you quite clearly show what they said was wrong, clearly a redundant thing to point out, as I am not telling them they don't have an...
Do any of you find NTs 'unimaginative'?     I have definately been refered to as lacking in imagination because of my interests, such as science and math, whilst ignoring my other interests in less...
Used to love killing anything that crawled in my backgarden, just for fun. At uni, during an ant invasion, I did preoccupy myself with pouring boiled water over them in my kitchen.   This is...
I have after the past few days been thinking about contrarian and conspiracy theorist attitudes.   I can't help thinking that someone being a contrarian for its own sake, that is, taking unorthodox...
Like I said, we are going round in circles. I have shown why the burden of proof lies with you, before you ask for argument or evidence on my part, you have to justifiably shift the burden to me. The...
We seem to be going around in circles on this one. I must point out perhaps what I mean exactly by the word Claim, I think I have done so far only implicitly.    A claim is an assertion, or...
Extraverts can help me get me out of my shell as long as they acknowledge me, but if I am around too many extraverts or people too extraverted I feel exceptionally uninterested all of a sudden....
Immediate ruthless dictatorship, destroy all minorities and kill anyone who engages in thoughtcrime.   The one person left wins at life and gets an island.
Not quite, firstly I stressed that even science shouldn't and doesn't claim to know things it doesn't, it's self critical and more importantly it only speculates about unexplained phenomena, any...
You have made a presumption in my argument, I am not trying to attribute the unexplained to any belief system, it is unknown by definition, if we knew the cause of the unexplained or how it works, it...
When sitting with friends at a table, I tend to fiddle and unknowingly create structures out of menus, salt and pepper shakers and such. It's part of the fact I can quickly lapse into deep thought or...
I don't see how that counts for a good reason for believing in god, if you admit a great deal is not yet explained how can it be attributed to the existence of god, by nature of it's current mystery...
Firstly, I have read a few pages but not the whole thread, sorry if you have to repeat yourself. :)      Agreed about your first point on our inability to absoloutly prove or disprove God's...
Early in my school life I was surrounded by nothing but S types, in both my close friends and people who just knew merely of me and I never really got bothered by it.   I definately noticed that my...'"


2632: mmmkay...  ENTJ's.   Ime, they think they understand me. They don't. At all. They try to tell me about myself. I tell them where they're wrong and attempt to explain some facet of myself. They...
Wonderful post! When I was reading the OP, I actually though, 'This is when you have a chance to develop Fe. You've hurt someone you genuinely didn't want to hurt. Now figure out how and why it...
I dunno, dude. I love ENFP's. Ya'll are my favorite not-ENTP type, but Kanye? ENFP? I would think he's less of a douchebag if he were and ENFP. Yes, that's the basis for my reasoning. I don't like...
THAT is precisely my point. I have a number of self-medicating bi-polar ENFP friends (not joking...1/4 of the people I consider CLOSE friends are self-medicating, bi-polar ENFP's...I LOVE them), and...
I don't think you've given enough information for anyone to do any kind of typing. That's all pretty superficial stuff and anyone of any type could be described as most of those things.   Why does...
Meh. Lucid dreaming is only cool to people who can't do it. Kind of like the Dr. Seuss story...the star-bellied sneeches? maybe? The one where all the cool kids have stars on their bellies and so the...
I didn't read the whole OP because I've never done psychedelics. I'm honestly a little scared of what I'd be like if I ever did any of them. I know acid is supposed to be fucking awesome, but I...
turmauge Not gonna lie - I fully expected to see some Chaotic Evil's in here. I'd be a lot more surprised if an ENTP takes the test and winds up as Lawful Good - that seems completely anti-ENTP....
You lie! An ENTJ getting emotional about something he isn't in love with? Ha! Well, I guess you did say time management... :P  Sorry. Couldn't help myself.   Ok, so actually to the topic...This...
Look, you know you're an ENTP going into college which gives you a leg up on those of us who didn't. Know that even if you get to set your class schedule, you're not going to like it. Know that if...
Hmmm. I would have guessed that I'm chaotic neutral...and wished that I'm somewhere on the line between chaotic good and chaotic neutral, but I just took that test on the first page, and it says I'm...
I can see where you're coming from. I could even argue that while he opposes slavery, he uses it to his advantage to buy Django to help him find the Brittles, which would seem to make his stance on...
Wow, everyone thinks Shultz is an ENTP? I think he's an ENFP. His views on slavery and the ways people should treat each other seem rooted in his very firm beliefs of what is right and wrong, which I...
I can get on board with Walt as an INTJ, but I think he's a misanthropic ENTJ. I think he needs to be around other people and needs to feel their admiration or fear (I'm not sure he sees a difference...
I'm kind of shocked that no one has brought up the idea of Mary being an ENTP. I think the complexity of her character is fundamentally based on the fact that she's stifled by the traditions that...
I'm actually really unsure about Hannah's type. The way she views herself and the way she acts are completely at odds. I think she's an S who thinks she's an N. If she's an N, then I don't think her...
That was a great book, but I read it 2 or 3 years ago and can't remember enough about any of them to feel comfortable typing them. What I do remember was that the parents were so incredibly unhealthy...
I'm not all that well-versed with cognitive functions, but I don't think that's how the order of functions works. I think it's pretty common to find ENTP's with low Fe and Si. The function order...
I'm a lucid dreamer. I don't have to try to do it, but I do know that feeling of your limbs feeling like they are incapable of moving - it's always my legs that go first. That's kinda how my mom...
Thought you were ignoring me...  I'm just not engaging anymore. You're boring.
As a whole, I think we're pretty smart. I also think that we are pretty good at sounding like we know what we're talking about, even when we don't.
Can we all just say that Entejay is the embodiment of everything that has the potential to make us mad but that, rather than angry, we get frustrated or annoyed and then lose interest? And then can...
I used to do that to some extent. At some point, I realized that sex with some level of connection beyond lust (an actual romantic connection or friendship) is a lot better for me than sex without...
Yeah, I don't really want to put myself out there like that by writing myself. I don't think I'd ever pursue publishing if it showed a reader too much about me.   I looked at some of the death...
Thanks. I'll look up the death spiral. It sounds familiar. :)   It's definitely a novel, and I'm trying really hard not to do it, but stuff about him and me keeps trying to slip in there. You're...
Heh. Thanks. I'm actually attempting to write a novel. I keep trying to not make it about the ENFP and me, but I keep failing.   We are both absolutely exhausting in general, fighting just makes it...
Oh, he's plenty logical. We both have a logic block when my emotions get involved, though. We both over-think it and get in this weird over-thinking and over-emoting spiral. My only solace is that I...
I don't think you were rambling at all. I think it made perfect sense (considering I don't do it) and is eerily consistent with what I know from ENFP's in my life.   I've definitely been in that...
I know, right. All that unhappiness in exchange for being in relationships with people he doesn't like so that he can relate to people better sure is working out for him. He's so enlightened.
I'm with gingertonic. You can just go away.
I can't figure out why it is that none of us want to take all of the advice this guy hands out. He's so charming.
You should probably just ask her. Tell her you'd like to do whatever she wants you to and that can be talking about it, specifically not talking about, or you can take her to dinner or bring her...
omniblade  I'm going to piggyback off DiamondDays post.   People are always going to think you're weird. We are weird because N's are a much smaller percentage of the population than S's (15%...
umm...you asked me a question about people. I answered a question about people. It's on you that you thought I was talking about me. You seem to jump to a lot of conclusions based on the premise that...
I never said anything about my preferences in romantic relationships. I said some people have the goal of happiness. Never said one single word about what I personally do. In fact, I even said that...
Specifically, what convictions of mine? I'm pretty sure we haven't been talking about my convictions.   I saw that you said your dad is an ENTP. I also saw that you think we live by standards other...
Open mindedness is dismissing things you don't like for yourself as wrong for everyone and close mindedness is anything that disagrees with that. Got it.   The sad thing is that I think you have...
There you go again with thinking that you are open-minded while claiming that other viewpoints are wrong because it's not what you prefer for yourself. Your premise seems to be that anything that...
That's probably pretty accurate. But, sometimes the hermit crab smells like bacon and keeps our attention a little longer. That's all we're really looking for. Someone who smells like bacon.
:)  I love the fact that he thinks you should get in a relationship with some poor girl you aren't attracted to so you can better yourself. That sounds like a really pleasant situation for her.
That. Right there. That is plenty of proof that you do not have much understanding of how ENTP's work. We ENTP's live in a world where every standard is set by someone else? You mean this group of...
Oh, so the only path to enlightenment is the path you choose, and it applies to everyone? Got it.    Yes. I'm also not the one running around here implying that my skills of dealing with people...
He's already said that he can get along with INFP's as friends, he just doesn't want to be in a committed relationship with one. And your argument is that he's not going to be able to function in...
I dunno. I'm pretty sure he was trolling. You know...the whole thing about debating not being fun unless one is a mindless animal...and then pages of debating. Has to be trolling...or a mindless...
Welcome.  You can always choose to look at this guy as an interesting challenge, even if you don't find him personally interesting. If you can usually work people over pretty well, then it has to...
I had a conversation once with my old roommate about how I didn't understand why they always have people on cop shows working with a whatever-they're-called to draw a picture of someone. Clearly, I...
wouldn't you all be fighting over who got to be in charge? Oh, look...just did the same thing you did ;)
I don't think that shows a very strong understanding of ENTP's, in general. We'd all be off doing our own thing but simultaneously trying to entertain everyone? That doesn't make much sense. Also,...
I'm usually pretty good with directions, but every now and then, I'm really horrible with them. There really isn't much middle ground.
First of all, you're never going to get anywhere with the professor who went and talked to the other two, because she cared about it so much she sought them out, so this is one of those times that..."


2647: 'I guess I am, but it needs to be more tightly defined
My foremost desire is to get out of office/corporate culture at some point.
Dear ESFJ,  It is disturbing how little you think for yourself.  Or even worse, how little you understand your own actions and feelings.  How have you gone through this much life being this way?  I...
I'm pretty romantic.  As a previous poster said, romance usually is not grand gestures.  It's the little things that make the other person feel desired or valued.  I can't really describe more than...
Intelligence turns me on too, big time.  I think one of the biggest misconceptions is if independence, intelligence, strength are good characteristics in women.  Of course they are, independence is...
1) My girlfriend just texted me 2) Looking something up 3) Using spotify/music 4) YouTube 5) Browsing social media even though I'm not enjoying it (lobotomy boredom mode)
No difficulty.  I feel more apprehension telling my parents I love them, which is something I've never been able to figure out (I'm not a teenager).
Was a CPA/accountant  and did not like the work and felt trapped in monotony.  Now I'm in management consulting.  Seems great and better suited for me, but I'll wait until the new job shine wears...
The tests are bullshit -- so based on life experience I'll say that I'm relatively introverted unless someone grabs my attention intellectually or with a certain refreshing authenticity and daring. ...
Similar to   adultchildofalieninvaders, I am deeply cynical but also generally happy.  Seeing how trite and boring most things are just makes me appreciate my own eccentricity more.  I'm weird and I...
Fighting -- in typical NT vs SJ fashion.  She'd been crying every day over the last week from our arguments.   Blunt jerks and sensitive illogical people do not mix, something I should have learned...
Just got dumped for the first time last night.  Feels bad man.
Wait, do you want this person to empathize with you or to ruin them?  If it's just to empathize, you don't need to do that.  Just tell people in the group the shitty things the person has done, your...
Not to put too much vitriol in this, but Fe is kind of a pathetic function.  The best way for a Fe-dom to lose its power is for it to lose its support.  Fe is nothing without other people approving...
Lol @ people falling for this
Can't say I really relate to this.  I'm bored easily of a banal conversation, or a shared activity, but it doesn't mean I'm necessarily bored of the person.  My friends are mostly from childhood and...
I had a four year relationship with an ISFJ and it was a passionate, sometimes turbulent, experience.  We could have easily gotten married, but her jealousy/insecurity issues among a few other things...
I say less than a month.  Not because of the outdoor activity issue, but because you're already worried your interests aren't good enough for her.
I strongly prefer introverts to our extraverted brethren.  I'm 100% cool with silence if there's nothing interesting to say at the moment.
What is the hand gesture for lizard?   Edit:  Nevermind I looked it up
ENTPs would be great teachers in my opinion -- at least the ones that can handle being a hypocrite.  Half of the rules and habits that you'll enforce are shit an ENTP would never do, and did not do...
The best compliment I ever received was I know that you're 100x smarter than me, but you've never made me feel stupid
This was a great post.  I'm about to be 28 and experiencing depression for the first time and I can say both of these things definitely contributed.
Nerdy and somewhat awkward, if we're being real.  Not that everyone is like that, but that's my general assumption.
Never typed one per se, but I find go-getter bossy people really annoying.
I'll do the male version because I think men are way more tolerant of clingyness and neediness.  If done right it seems feminine and sweet.  At extreme levels it can be repulsive, but to reach that...
I'm not seen as emotionless; I have a very expressive face.  If anything, people think I'm being more passionate and speaking with more fervor than I actually am.  People will think I really care...
Sounds like you're more emotional than you perceive yourself.  It's not good to be repressed.  Let them feels flow.
1. What do you do?  IT Auditor/CPA 2. Is your job your passion? Rate your passion out of 10 (10 being most passionate), and then describe. 1.5.  It is too tedious for me and the material does not...
All ISXJ  it's kinda weird
a gloryhole
Good thing I'm not a sexual predator because I don't mind period sex at all.
I love dogs and owning dogs but I'm also very into obedience training.
I still want to know what kind of battle a boy challenges a girl to.  Were you gonna fight? Freestyle rap? Play pogs or  pokemans?
What the fuck did I just read? :laughing:  I challenge you to a BATTLE
I have never had this problem so I have no idea.    In my head, things only have the value you assign to them.  You will be dead and none of this will matter.  The most cliche shit in the world,...
Oh come on, how are you too busy to trip every so often?
If someone is boring and secretive, how would you ever know that they are an N?  Maybe they're just a run-of-the-mill boring ISTJ?  I never understood the ability to type strangers that are quiet. ...
Should I be concerned? I answered very honestly.   290690
Drinking --  Sure, of course.  I'll binge drink when I go out, which is not that often anymore.  Nowadays my drinking is usually limited to sharing a bottle of wine with my girl or having a drink or...
I think it's like that Please be nice to me article thing says.  That was one of the most lucid points in that article.  I can Ne jizz on people all day and ramble for hours on end. But if it's...
Overwhelmed, what a load of horse shit.   She should have left the house -- not you.
I have sociopathic traits for damn sure, but I'm also certainly not one.  Too many feels/nostalgia/guilt/etc.  Plus I had a great childhood and almost no trauma, so I'm a lucky bastard.  If...
Hell yeah, me too!    ....Oh :(
Confession time -- I'm kind of a douche.  Not in a malicious way.  But I notice that when I'm really close to someone, I'm able to psychoanalyze them really well.  When I do so, and I notice...
Does people pleasing behavior repulse you in other people?
Oops, I didn't mean to type rugby.  I was referring to cricket.
Doesn't rugby have more protective gear than baseball?  The leg pads and whatnot?
I lol'd
Stupid alert box.   Mine was something like 80 masculine, 40 feminine, 42 neutral'"


2655: 'Hyper competitive.
Banning assault rifles is an ineffective way of dealing with it if a gun is to be banned. Handguns are the type of gun most commonly used by murderers and rapists. The drop you're referring to...
The murder rate didn't change after gun control legislation was passed in Australia in 1996. Further, there have been shootings since then as can be seen here. Other massacres since 1996 resulted...
We certainly are getting killed and you most definitely are hurting my feelings by saying my dying friends are 'nobodies'. If you could just speak with the INFJs, that would be very helpful... you...
Please do seek advice from the INTJs, but be certain the advice they give isn't because they prefer Ni doms but because they recognize the gravity of the situation.  I am very much for INFPs and...
Oh, it is most serious. As you can see, the INFJ menace has already murdered one of our kind with an ill-intentioned blow from one of their lethal weapons that has been molded to appear like a...
Thank you for your kind offer. If we are crushed and have our homes ripped from beneath our feet, our decimated, spiritless people will find comfort in the fact that their new home has Daleks.  ...
Yes, but they don't need to know that.  EDIT: And thanks for the commendation. I do try. ;)  As for my suggestion regarding INTJs?
I have sent word to the INFPs of our need for their immediate assistance.
My beloved INFP friends,  As you may or may not have noticed, there is a violent travesty unfolding. The INFJs have made a declaration of war against us. This act of malicious, blatant preparation...
If we're not careful, we're going to ENTP our way into not accomplishing anything. Theory is great, let's apply.    We don't need to disguise ourselves at all for this. We can claim to be...
Seems legit, gave me my type accurately as well as that of my spouse and sibling. And by bias, do you mean in the tests themselves or the communities frequently built surrounding it?
Tertiary functions seem to be more for how we help ourselves from my analyses of types. Almost like the shadow functions' descriptions. It can be developed to be more positive and beneficial for...
On the contrary, I feel extremely satisfied when a problem is solved. Also, just because you're messy doesn't mean you're not a J, different people have certain qualities from the other side of the...
Doktorin said it perfectly. I don't relate to the Don Quixote remark, though. I recognize it as a never-ending quest, but it's never exhausting or futile; it's the journey and seeing just how far I...
I'm a winner! :D :D :D
How about functions?
Nobody can threadjack like a group of ENTPs. <3
Took it once when I was <10, got 116-118 (can't remember exactly). Does it change with age or am I this way forever? Q.Q  EDIT: Oh, btw yeah, they're skewed. They showed that even wording can make...
75.833 out of 100 Masculine points. 49.167 out of 100 Feminine points. 65.833 out of 100 Androgynous points.  Heterosexual Male ENTP.  When do we find the results of your study, btw?
Hate speech is simply that- speech. I'm of the mindset that it's a travesty that we have to keep ourselves from offending Person A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, ... and so forth lest we be seized and thrown...
I think, God help us.
Not to mention type stereotypes; INTJs thinking really far ahead, Kirito says things like, I'll figure it out when I get there. INTPs being lazy, Kirito repeatedly accused of being lazy. He's...
I think Kirito's INTP. Analyzing (NT) and awesome ability, but he doesn't conform to the rules or traditions that he's expected to (thus P, not J).
It's strange to consider this stereotype not being true. Debates are not closing one's mind off, they're opening them up. To debate is to understand something more completely and changing sides...
I've actually only seen a handful. Death Note, Sword Art Online, some Naruto, and Code Geass. Other things were seen only in sparse clips.   Kakashi seems to me to be an INTP, what do you...
Original message: You only want INTPs? I love INTPs, but really? Bleh. Moving right along. ((This would be more appropriate in INTP forum, btw.))  EDIT: ACTUALLY, let me help.  Light Yagami from...
I think having a J is a bad idea for both leader and vice leader. Too much focus on traditions and legalism would likely ensue and a sort of police state may result. Having a P for one of those...
For me, serious moods are no problem. I'll throw humor in no matter the occasion, but I don't have any problem talking about things seriously. The rest of that is very true.  I'm an ENTP married...
Something worth considering. It might be worth it to consider wherein true sources of happiness lie. I'm no psychologist, but I know from personal experience that misplacing your efforts into...
I've done a lot of considering since I posted this thread and talked with others I know in person. Ultimately, I came to the conclusion Exquisitor posted. I'm now seeking instead to intensely focus...
Oh poor you and Mum. Not that she really understood you, either. Here, have a cookie. -hands you a molasses cookie-
This is a very interesting thread since I thought the parents' personality types would correlate with that of their children's. Apparently not. Unless the child is so anti-their parents that they...
xNTPs, what wonderful people. It amazed me how quickly and deeply I connected with the only other xNTP I've knowingly met. What a horrible town I live in...  That being said, I like fruity drinks....
I'm an ENTP married to an INFP and it is A GREAT IDEA. At least for us. We're super weird together and it's great. She doesn't deal with things as logically as I do, but we both recognize it and...
I postulated that I was skipping my tertiary function entirely. In response, a pair of links were posted. I read them and found some of it very interesting and seemingly confirmatory of my beliefs...
Very interesting and very plausible. When I take note of risks, I tend to minimalize them or counter them with certainty of my ability to handle them. I can only remember once that I experienced...
I postulated that I was skipping my tertiary function entirely. In response, a pair of links were posted. I read them and found some of it very interesting and seemingly confirmatory of my beliefs...
Cosmic spaghetti with dynamite tucked somewhere within.
Loyalty, support, emotional feedback  these are not what ENTPs look for in their friendships. I feel like loyalty is a crucial thing in friends. I tend to make stronger friends with people who...
I think that would be the NTs. I'm an ENTP and I'm constantly googling things [even minor things that would typically be considered 'unimportant' (pish-posh!!)]
This sounds contradictory to me.
Let me further state that it is imperative that we seek to balance ourselves with all of the letters, heightening our abilities is every category. As applicable to this thread, Fs should work on...
This is something I considered recently. Being an F doesn't mean that you have less intelligence, it means that you have a heightened sense of F. For example, a mentally handicapped person could...
I do the opposite: feel like dying for a bit and then realize, 'OMG FREEDOM!'
No. I only have one and don't know if there will be more again ever. I would have it patented, synthesized, and mass produced. I'm not blowing a chance of curing a disease permanently on some serial...
I disagree with the depressing thing. I think those types that tend to get paid less are often the ones who value money less. It seems that INFP and ENTP respectively are the least paid of the types....
Besides the theme song from Zaboomafoo, this:  htt ps://www .youtube. com/watch?v=srTrI07vwhg
Also ENTP and I thought the 5 & 8 were closer to me but they both left MUCH to be desired. Not personally a fan. -shrug-  EDIT: Also, it seems that too many ENTP traits are scattered across the 9...
Apparently the CafeBot isn't as much of a bot as was likely believed. No point challenging its awesome powers. Spam away, Cafebot.  Oh, right. Introductions. I'm a series of letters to you that...'"


2657: what does using XD a lot have to do with N/S?
Yeah after all this I think I am an ENTP
Well when I want to I can beat an ESTP at sports. I'm actually very lazy though. I love to do things like party and go to amusement parks, go to the mall, even just hang out. But that's about it, if...
its his fault for being drunk. anything for happening after can only be brought upon himself.
Maybe if you put more effort into better comebacks I would listen more. until then, I guess not much is going to get through.
keep trying. right now I think you just felt your dick. suddenly seem you in a better mood.
I don't understand why you keep replying. you're disses don't make much sense and you can't come up with a good comeback. please stop. You're making us ENPs look bad. its painful to watch.
I did after moron.  everyone gets a turn.
haha, we don't bring the asshole out of you guys. We just a hold up a magnifying glass because we were worried you were blind.
ah finally. I see you have consumed tequila, sounding smarter by the minute.
yes it is. That's why I got 2 other holes.
You kidding? make-up sex is the perfect time to keep arguing :)
Of course you would be the one to know.
well that was a pretty fast cock.  No pun intended. . . . .
and jokes about you. wait. same thing. scratch that.
you shouldn't be proud that judgment was made about you.
theres too many of them. We get rid of the shortest ones.  Bye byee.
finally typed yourself as an ESTJ?
Ha. but after reading what I said it sounds like a skinny dick. Ohhhhh there you are November.
hehe they got their puppy eye look, theyre fine.
I don't recall saying I was interested. I guess I was wrong, you CANT do better.
Oh my computer. It looks like a French fry trying to ride tangerines.
That's just like an INFJ of you to defend an INFP
Im laughing too hard to debate right now. for once an INFJ made my day
Your sarcasm. damn, sounding like an INFP on her period here. you can do better INTP.
Yes my chandelier. Thanks for reminding me, damn thing has been collection spider webs for years.
Good. I'll break it down twice as better now.
You cant just pop in and out of my arguments. You haven't said anything for a long time, either your slow to think of something to say or your being lazy. Either way keep up or im not wasting my time...
Yeah thanks for handling this one, I lost count of all the idiots. thanks for keeping them in check. Ooh what happened with an ENFP sicko??
I would rather not use one when I have much more interesting things to do, for example, tear down your argument.
You can stop talking to your mirror now
five thousand tries to me is about 2 seconds. Meanwhile INFJs need 2 years just to write about one day in their diary of feelings.
hehe. you see my computer isn't as fast as my brain, and it couldn't take my genius, so it froze in amazement. Then all of a sudden bam! it just posted it twice because even the internet wanted...
INFJ thoughts are like dogs with rabies, runs in circles and all you see is crazy.
oh my god im dying of laughter
I'll have you know I trained my attention span to last atleast 4 seconds. If only INTPs could treat people with the dignity they do with their own thoughts
I'll have you know I trained my attention span to last atleast 4 seconds. If only INTPs could treat people with the dignity they do with their own thoughts
spreading my observation skills to the blind and reckless, yes i think i'm finally being productive. If only others could live up to their standards.
Maybe figuring things out isn't for you, hop back on your motorcycle and get your usual of tequila, you seemed smarter with it
I may just be ENTP then. I've been contemplating whether I am ENTP or ESTP for about a year now :laughing: and yeah that sounds like me, I love thinking about things just for fun.
how about me? :tongue: http://personalitycafe.com/estp-forum-doers/610402-try-type-me-challenge-time.html
I am a huge fan of south park so im gonna give this a shot! Kyle Brovlovsky: definitely INFJ Kenny McCormick: ISTP  Eric Cartman: I think ESTP  Butters: ISFP for sure Wendy: ENxJ I know too many...
the goal is to try new things and see what ideas I can actually put to use. and test that do give me percentages usually do give me around the 50/50. I was just asking what I sounded like lol but...
Its nice to see your not following in the steps of your mother. I respect those that aren't butt hurt over their retarded parents. Oh wait. this explains everything
hah good one. now try to come up with a better one without taking a year. your little INTP actions are so slow you cant even mount a snail.
yeah im pretty positive your ISTP :happy:
I see you as ISTP. I have an ISTP brother who seems to have a lot in common with you and he is spot on ISTP, he is also 17 so wow lol. I feel questions to do with anger help typing.  How do you...
0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
i test equally as an ESTP and ENTP so i was wondering i relate to any of you guys.  I think about things alot and kinda shut down to do it. i got an amazing wit, im pretty fast with comebacks and...
Seem pretty IxFP to me. :happy: one question. Do you ever feel as if sometimes you are very serious and other times you are more carefree?"


2663: You know you're an ENTP when other people think you overshare on Facebook but you're just wondering why everyone else is being a stiff and using it like linkedin. It's Facebook, no one cares unless...
Focusing just on youth culture - At least in the UK, the 90s are so different from now.   This is a great example.   https://youtu.be/oswILmuC06E  What was only at the fringes then, only...
Someone just described me as being like a cartoon character who has one of those lightbulbs that light up whenever an idea occurs.  You enter into a debate and make a convincing case. 10 minutes...
Infj
^I hope you get to sleep soon. I suggest just lying there listening to it and accepting it until you pass out/sleep.  4:05 in the morning and here I am trying to think about who the real me is....
I used to be less aware of it. I am a social person which probably confused things but there is no doubt that I spend the majority of my time recharging and that I have to force myself to interact....
Try becoming wiser not smarter. Work with the smarts you have and absorb all the information you can pertaining to areas of interest. Throw yourself into new situations which give you new skills and...
556866
556850
When you use Google Maps to look up some directions, then suddenly find yourself looking for the most obscure inhabited areas on the planet such as Dakhla Attitude hotel in the Western Sahara or air...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQKM7sSIg_c
Yes. Usually when I'm doing anything mundane like tidying. I make myself panic-rush finishing the job worried that I'm missing something more exciting while doing it. It also means I procrastinate,...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXcHLzbxANw
Vocaroo | Voice message  Stereotypical English accent incoming.
I was reclusive for nearly a year after a breakdown. I used to be ENTP but test all the time as INTP (for anyone who's wondering where I've popped up from). I'm just learning how to engage with...
Y - 1. I am easily overwhelmed by strong sensory input. N - 2. I seem to be aware of subtleties in my environment. Y - 3. Other peoplex92s moods affect me. N - 4. I tend to be very sensitive to...
When you get told you are patronising but lack the self awareness to see how. When you ask why the other person tells you 'that's just how you are, there's nothing you actually say which could fix...
Day off from work today.   Woke up Had coffee Did dishes I had left in the sink the night before Had lunch in town Did some food shopping Watched Prime Ministers Questions on catchup Cut hair...
Back on my old account. Thanks for sorting it out, Jenny!
It's ridiculous, I don't know who to contact? Is there a thread about it anywhere? Who else has this affected?   I hope you manage to sort it.
Hello,  My old account was 'Forward'.   I looked at using the 'contact' option but there was no option for problems with logging in.  I am aware a data breach has taken place but attempts to...
Not knowing whether to add work colleagues because you know that once you add them, there will be an expectation to communicate with them outside of work when I know full well I rarely communicate...
The key there was probably the heat. You probably observed it wasn't cooking properly and so turned the heat up hoping it would then do the trick. Regardless, a low simmer should ensure that the rice...
ENTP for quite a while. Now ESTJ.
On a daily bruh.  The second one. All I know is that the answers I give for MBTI tests - answering as honestly as ever, have changed and remained that way for quite a long time now.  But yeah I...
My older sister playing Ace of Base and Whigfield over and over again.   You have memories from when you were only 1?
From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.
Stoic.
152 was my last score. Usually ranges between 145-155.
Hi, this seems like the best thread to introduce myself.   I used to be ENTP now I am ESTJ. Quite a big change but the test results have been the same now for a long time. I'm not going to dwell...
I used to be an ESTP so I feel like this is a good question to answer.   Generally I used to a lot more questioning about everything - even about small details that didn't even really matter in the...
^^ This.   Frustratingly, I find delayed emotional reaction to be a thing. I believe ENTPs can be emotional but comprehension of said emotions is done differently. Quite often for me its like a...
When you can relate to this statement: 'ENTPs should avoid at all costs the temptation to turn a discussion about the causes of a friend's recent breakup into competitive intellectual fodder.'  and...
People who only talk to you when they want something. Just no.
This one is a more personal 'you knew you were INTP when'...  Basically, I've gone from an ENTP and flipped hard into Introversion. Tests are repeatedly confirming what I've gradually realised over...
Easily getting other people to open up about how they feel and providing them an understanding ear or an shoulder to cry on etc. but incredibly difficult to articulate your own emotions and feelings...
You know you're an ENTP when planning a party with friends you suggest a gas party with helium and sulphur hexafluoride.  It didn't get accepted. But it WILL happen one day. :P
This is why 'natural selection' exists. x_x
http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/25169881.jpg  The most pointless internet-based craze ever. Even Nyan-cat is better. x_x
A debate should be like an exciting boxing match with an element of fair play, not an anarchic marathon with competitors bitch slapping each other and shouting 'yo mamma' for 2 weeks.  I'm so much...
I can't decide if this is a game or not but its been funny to read so far. :)
The reason I joined was because I was faced with a huge life change that made question my identity - after taking the personality type test, this forum helped me understand myself much better and...
http://i46.tinypic.com/ekin4.jpg
When you decide that learning about nuclear physics makes perfect sense if you're studying modern History - my logic is, if you're going to discuss a threat that plays a major role in 20/21st century...
Was never a fan of action figures or toys that only served one function. I used to take them apart to see what was inside or how they were joined together when I got bored of them...this destroyed...
6w5, 3w2, 9w8 :ninja:
I remind myself that unmanaged procrastination will lead to certain failure so it makes sense to avoid procrastinating and get things done. Anyway, a sense of accomplishment is far more satisfying...
*Positive spin* I get on with people who aren't overly sensitive! :proud:
I'm supposed to be an 'ENTP' but I've tested as ENFJ on several occasions and can relate a lot to what's been said here. :)  Its worrying how easily I can shift between the two. :P I believe (from...
I wish I did pure History instead of alongside Japanese. XD  You get to argue, play devil's advocate and have such a wide-range of nations and periods to look at in the history of our world that..."


2669: 'I honestly have no idea. XD I listen to music, but don't really follow the people. Other than when she married Nail Gaiman. But I follow authors. :P
1. 22 2. Female 3. 7-8 on a school night, 10-12 on a weekend.
This happens to me all the time. It freaks me out sometimes, because I can't remember the drive from my apartment to school (about a half hour) or my apartment to my parents house (closer to an...
Me: *reading in hallway prior to class* Random Person: Hey, you're reading. What is that? Me: *pauses, grumbles, says, tries to go back to reading* Random Person: Oh? What's that about?  I...
I saw you posting. I now know what you look like.  Be afraid. Be very afraid.
The only problem I could see an INTJ parent having is making an emotional connection with the child. My mother is ENTJ and, whereas she's always been consistent and reliable, she has never been...
Thank you :) It took me a while to get the joke. My first thought was I don't think you could RCD kryptonite... Lead it to an INTJ to overanalyze a joke. e_e
Superman, unless Batman has kryptonite. But then, EVERYONE who goes against Superman seems to somehow have this rare mineral, so I wouldn't doubt it.
I could go on and on about INFPs. : I'm friends with one, but really if I hadn't been thrown into knowing her, I doubt we would be. She can be very idealistic to the point of looking down on others....
Hemo- You're so beautifullll. I love your chin/jawline. It's very aesthetically pleasing to me. And your nose is adorable. Most of all, I think we have the same eyecolor that I don't see in many...
For what it's worth, many INTJs don't understand the INTJ/ENFP thing either. XD I don't really know WHY, but I stick with them so well, just that it does. Never been in a relationship with one,...
I like it when people compliment my appearance. XD I doubt anyone would say otherwise. I'm confident in that department, though, and prefer to be complimented on my intelligence. I've grown up being...
There's a What Are You Currently Listening To? thread.  I'm not really into music, but what I AM into is for the lyrics. Preferably with acoustic guitar, but the lyrics are the main thing. I...
I don't mind if they're asking about INTJs, though. I've spent so much of my life wishing people I associated with had known my type and thought to ask. Would have made things a lot less awkward. XD...
INTJs don't eat. Just oil the joints once a week, and we're good to go!
Well, you be straightforward. If you want to ask her on a date, do it. Don't bother with listing all her amazing attributes, because it just looks like you want something, and she'll see though you...
I have facebook; I've had one for years. I enjoy it. It's easier to keep in touch with my friends, especially those who live overseas. Also makes it easier to talk to all my friends at once in...
I'm not ENTJ, obviously, but my mother is, so lurking your board helps me understand her better. We have the weirdest relationship, but it's improved since I moved out.
I agree! I enjoy cuddling and tiny pecking kisses, but not so much the tongue. : But I also don't really enjoy sex in general, so that may be way.   Congrats on the snog, though. ;P
I'll affirm your beauty. :D You have a very aesthetically pleasing face. A strong, angled jaw and very symmetrical overall.  And piercing eyes. Just the type of male I like to draw; I dont' really...
You are clever people. :) And I like the people who used the words pragmatic. That's a perfect description. I think what happened in the other thread was just a miscommunication, so I hope you don't...
Hmmm I could see that. I don't know much about ISTJs myself. Alas, it was just me trying to claim someone for myself. XD I could also see Cox as an INTJ, though. Those two have the best dynamic in...
<3 Cox. This might be off-topic, but what does that make Dr.Kelso? I've always seem him as INTJ. He has to make those logical decisions that might not make everyone happy, but is needed to keep the...
My eyelashes are very short, too. :( My one and own flaw! Cursesssss....KAHHHHHN.
You're speaking to people who gladly accept Hannibal Lecter, Darth Sidieous, and, depending on who you talk to, Hitler. ;) I don't think it's his infamy they're worried about so much as his actual...
ENTJs are go-getters. They think on the run instead of taking time to consider options. Also, they're more people oriented (duh). Basically, if you took an INTJ and extroverted them, you would get an...
I think it's a J thing. I hate undecided or open-ended anything. Eh, we can go to the movies this weekend. When? I'll look up showtimes and we can go to make sure we get a specific one and we can...
I've also heard the theory that tools+fire helped our brains get larger because the fat and protein that is needed to build brain tissue is more concentrated in meat, so when we started hunting our...
The problem was that no one else thought he was being evasive. Not getting the answer you want =/= someone being evasive. There wasn't a filibuster or anyone being less than direct.  I doubt you'll...
Realistic, not pessimistic. ;) Hope for the best, have fifty contingency plans in case of the worst.
I did a study one summer to see my optimum sleep-time. Ideally, I sleep for 10 hours and stay awake for 18. I can function on 8 hours, though. So left to my own devices, I have a 28-hour day.  ...
Oh, I see. I think he answered pretty straightforward with a nice awkward follow-up that only an INTJ could manage by saying that he was probably in the wrong, didn't mean to offend you, and that...
I get along with my ISTP father fairly well. He doesn't have much of a temper unless someone tries to hurt one of the family members and he turns into a grizzly bear. He's more active than I am, but...
Is that sarcasm? He said he got that impression from the videos of the girls in the OP.
^ For what it's worth, my father is an ISTP and I don't get that from him. But he's a male, sooo.  My mother is ENTJ, though, and your description couldn't be more accurate. XD She is one of those...
Nothing insulting; just the way you type. You seem very round-about in what you say, and INTJs at least tend to be very straight and to the point. That might be more J over P, but I don't get much...
I just meant that the thread I linked didn't talk about the differences between Te and Ti, so it's not about how I perceive my usefulness, but how useful the thread was. Either way, you definitely...
NevsNi and Te vs Ti  The Cognitive Function section of the perc forums is now your best friend.  edit- Nevermind, that top thread isn't very useful to you.
:bored::sad::confused::shocked::cool::tongue::unsure:  In text when communicating informally, I wouldn't be surprised at INTJs using emoticons. I use them frequently myself, but I've also been a...
Alas, it's not meant to be. Losing one INFJ to INTJ doesn't mean you get to play Red Rover and have foxonstilts come over.
Would you have to soak your fingers in the juice? I assume it's from the acid. God knows my tongue burns after eating too many pineapples (but I do love them).   Or do you mean that if I touched...
I like poems AND hard sciences. AND I regularly use smileys in my posts. :) That's more because I've been conditioned on another forum to add smileys so I don't come off as a dick, though. I've...
I'm full of animal facts, but the koala one was new;  Brinturongs smell like popcorn.  Maned wolves have a chemical in their urine that is also present in beer hops and cannabis, and the smell it...
A skeleton of a sheep and a goat are indistinguishable.
This Salicylate Sensitivity is very interesting. I don't usually take aspirin, but I do have a lot of those symptoms. : I always assumed I as defunct with all my aches and pains and sicknesses. I'm...
Welcome to the forum! As for being an INTJ, there isn't much to come to terms with. ;) It's more like you'll find out that Oh! So other people do this too, huh? A lot of what you said is something...
Mom- ENTJ Dad- ISTP
You two are adorable. :D Thanks, guys. I love the insight from an outside-type about NTs, especially the bit about being humble about weaknesses.  Additionally- do you dress similar on purpose for...
Sounds fabulous!
I, for one, don't think that's very un-INTJ like. We're known for having a strict set of morals, even if hte rest of the world doesn't agree with them. I have another INTJ friend intending on going...'"


2693: 'Inseminated [emoji14]  Sent from my Pixel XL using Tapatalk
That's an indication of OCPD.  This tends to be manifest in ENTJ who have an overactive Se.  As such, they focus more on minutiae, but in a way that seems very arbitrary to the outside observer...
Patronizing, self-righteousness, E-N-F-J. :D  Sanctimonious is probably the best one.
The first thing that came to my mind is candles.  It sounds really strange, but inferior Si has a subconscious draw to sensory-comfort related items.  Candles are a perfect item to tap into and...
Another really good idea....you could send packages to his house completely out of the blue to surprise him.
If you want an ENTP to crush on you, you should make threads about understanding ENTP, be super smart and full of witty banter, and show us and tell us how we positively effect you.
If your view is nuanced and you are a complex entity, then why did you choose to disclose superficial representations of yourself as a legitimacy for whom you would support, rather than divulge what...
They are adorable together
He's likely entj.  Due to his narcissism, he has very little development in Ni, and focuses instead on Te and Se to make inflammatory and provocative statements, intense and easy to anger.  He acts...
There is nothing intrinsically good about the infj type.  Ni/Fe has a propensity to desire a social affect on the individual's environment.  The desired influence is based on the morality projected...
I was considering this same question just a few days ago.  I see it as a bit subjective what our persona and real self is exactly.  In a very technical sense, you could say that your real self is...
I think it's admirable to self-reflect and discover this side.  Since you have an external judgment function before your internal judgment function, it is natural to externalize feelings, and this...
My name is daleks exterminate.
Pretty sure he is an istp.  You are too deep -said no intj ever.  Also, ISTP will have a very different concept of playfulness.  You will prefer an emotional/intellectual playful, that he may not...
Sounds like narcissistic PD, not just istp traits.
Doorslams definitely exist.  It's Se in action, and generally comes at a point when a person in the INFJs life is seen as some sort of addiction/virus/disease that needs curing.  When an addiction...
The way to beat your inferior Se is indirectly.  You will never beat it head on - it will always be a tug of war, where you think it's ok to indulge, become INTENSELY obsessive, realize you are...
Chronos lies sleeping Immaculate tomb guarding Youth's hegemony  581394
I believe what you are experiencing is not type related but rather, body chemical related.  I would imagine that any type can experience moments of very intense emotions, if body chemicals spike hard...
You can't control the world around you (completely).  However, you can improve to work on how you react to the world.  I see this as your ultimate salvation, both on the forums and elsewhere in life!
Healing INFJ & INFP Inner Wounds - Personality Type and Personal Growth | Personality Hacker
Take a shower, come out with a towel only.  Embrace him from behind, and slowly move so that the towel gradually loses its grip on your body and falls away.  Proceed to fuck.
There is a third option - mistyping ;)  lol  Also I never said anything about tidiness.  I haven't known infj to be tidy much at all....aside from cleaning binges here and there.  Tidiness is...
Wait what?  Are you sure you aren't talking about NP types?  Lol.  I've noticed INFJs to be pretty fastidious when it comes to cleanliness....it's an Fe and at times an Se thing.  But mostly Fe.  Bad...
This, totally.  I have had many head on situations with INFJs, and it's horrible.  haha.  I think that when an INFJ removes the self from a conflict, it's probably them saying I know I won't...
Are you sure it was the type, or the unavailability?  Also, intps can be confused with istps easily, one of the most emotionally unavailable types.
I don't want you. I want him.  This to me is a very strange phrase.  I have generally encountered people with Fi using words like this, because the words reflect an intense scrutiny on the...
If you are a results based thinker, which you are, it says they are also unintelligent.  But after truly understanding the present dynamic, the answer is that our specialization based society makes...
Depends on your version of smart.  If you consider having no empathy and being willing to con people at any cost smart, then he is it.  Conning doesn't require that much intelligence -  it just...
600,000 is pretty small....you shouldn't see that much of a difference.  Especially since US cities tend to be more spread out.  Meetup is pretty good, so is PERC. ;)
Well, I never! *hmph* :P
Alot of these responses make me wonder how many of the supposed ENTPs are actually ESTPs.   The biggest one is impulsiveness.  I am mentally impulsive, and quickly jump from thought to thought, but...
It is primarily because the extraverted perceiving function is almost fully unconscious.  Si dominants also have ah-ha moments, but theirs come in the form of sudden fears of potential disasters...
Most people are immune to words/understanding, and just pick up on emotional tones.   This is trump's specialty, and something narcissists are masters of in general.
The irony is that the family unit is as socialist as it gets.
Ne can bounce off itself, or just take in information from solitary activities.  I don't need other people to do those things.  When I socializing, it may be appeasing Ne, but it's usually appeasing...
Chances are that he became interested in something, and completely forgot about your conversation.  I often find myself suddenly engrossed in a new thing, forgetting many old things in the process....
I have never found it to be the case that I need someone present to maintain interest.  Ne is an imaginitive function, just like Ni, and therefore it can easily be even more interest provoking with a...
Used go advanced to see the message more clearly. :D  So many perc noobs :D :D
I've been petitioning for tighter pillow control for decades....and no one knew why until now.
448530
I don't think all infjs are overwhelmed by emotions.  Emotional dysregulation can afflict any personality type.
Metaphors will not be lost on an ENTP :P  Not sure about the NTJs.
Socionics only makes sense on people with an extreme version of their personality - someone very immature.  Most people have some balance and learned characteristics of all types, which is why...
I also relate to a wide swath of swiss built mechanical watches; I thought I was the only one.
Oh come on now, professors can totally be crazy. ;)
I want to join :D
At least 7 ft for sure.  The I resembles a tall slender letter, and the NFP nature is too noncombative to overcome the intrinsic, perpetual upshooting of the I.  INFP are certainly the tallest of...
This is interesting.  This might be a case of every stick has two ends.  Perhaps instead of focusing on the lack of intimacy you are receiving, you could be more of a cheerleader to motivate...
League updates your true elo at the end of the day too, or when you log back in. :P'"


2698: 'No. But I will give you better dog food.:proud:
Dont be sad. I will always love you.
Me too..
I like.
INTJ, mmm yummy.:kitteh: One thing I would like to add: If she sometimes behaves provocative, respond, but do not get embarrassed. Play. Go with the flow. She is testing you probably. Not all ENTP...
Over time, when I got to know myself, I've got a completely different result.  Besides that, I got all the questions translated. It seems to be important to many people to get the questions in...
*Crushed nuts*  Although it's not a fruit. But on the other hand; I'm not like everyone else.
Amen
2 times ENFP 2 times ESFP Last time ENTP http://emoticoner.com/files/emoticons/smileys/evil-angle-smiley.gif?1292867590
Hahaha!! Yaaaay!
Thank you. This is very interesting. ESP story dont fit my childhood at all.. http://emoticoner.com/files/emoticons/smileys/sigh-smiley.gif?1292867672 I have heard this many times now....
Vlkommen! :happy:
Hey! I thought that I was type 2w3. And now I dont know. Because I got type 7w6 in the next test, but still got typ 2w3 in my trifix, (just in different order?) or what you call that result..(?) ...
My type: ESFP http://emoticoner.com/files/emoticons/smileys/giraffe-smiley.gif?1292867604    Longest conversation without break: ENFJ ESFJ INTJ ENFP...
My sister's husband is an ISTJ and he is the last person I would be attracted to. (his personality, so to speak.) He can not even say hello to me when I come to visit....
I hate to repeat myself, but now it's like you have not even watched this video that I sent recently:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CLX_DesuE0
You can rig up cameras! And if you are REALLY jealous and suspicious, you can always chain her at the stove. Then you KNOW where she is, and that the furniture is in place and that the food is ready...
:proud: :wink: :tongue: :kitteh:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAd4-HRPAos
Listen to what she says in this video, LISTEN - if you have the same perceiving function as ESFP..? Hah!:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CLX_DesuE0 So whose a-*ole am I? Yours? Or you mine?...
S or N? Here:    Sensing or Intuition    http://www.myersbriggs.org/graphics/trans.gif
((..nothing done if it is S and N? Hmm.. ESFP + INTJ = Business is booming))
((((And it is NOT me who is the creepy guy, hehe! :laughing: ))))
What do someone really hate meeee?Ohmy!! They have not met me then, hehe! :wink:  Ok, then I just wanna send them this:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seDqDtCmu3U
It does not matter what type she is, she's fine as she is. <3 It can be very stressful to be under the microscope. Time will tell..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4YHDPsgUx8
Hey there! :happy: I do not think that is true.. But I understand that you really think/feel it's like that - right now. But don't give up! No, no! You INTJs are awesome types, I even got one for...
Ooooh YES! Of course. :) But then I would like to have more colors to choose. http://i38.photobucket.com/albums/e105/CommentCrazyGirl/Smileys%20Hello%20Wave/EMOTICON___NOTICE_ME___by_flaccidou.gif Or...
Hey there, maybe it's the color of your shirt, duuuh, eeeh? ;) <3 <3
I like that video. It is very interesting indeed, I can recognize lot of these things in my INTJ husband.:happy:
Thank you for all your answers. Interesting.  I love asking people about all sorts of things and see how different everyone experiences things in life.  I like different opinions. Everyone gets...
..haha!
One of my very best friends is an ENFJ. <3  We have so much deeeep discussions and we laugh a lot! I really enjoy her company.  Great video!! Thank you. <3 <3
Oh yes! I watch you guys (all of you) on a 49 tv. Zoom in, hehe! :wink: (thanks to mac-mini.) It is great to do lots of stuff at the same time, (like games, wordfeud, rumble or something, haha!)...
Hello ISFPs!! <3  I think I have lots of soulmates!! *happy girl, huh??* :proud: Also soulmate-friends, animal-soulmate and maybe also me myself!! ( ? ) :tongue: Eeeeh, yeah.. :laughing: Who knows!...
I'm sorry that you have it this tough with him... :unsure: I wish I could say something more concrete than ask him how you two might be able to move on from here, (again!) <3 It sounds so simple to...
Thank you folks for all your answers. <3 Very interesting to read about your experiences.  I love asking people about all sorts of things and see how different everyone experiences things in life. ...
Thank you folks for all your answers. <3 Very interesting to read about your experiences.  I love asking people about all sorts of things and see how different everyone experiences things in life. ...
Maybe Paranoia.. :crazy:
What do you think/feel (or what ever :rolleyes: ) about  other INTJs? Do you get along well with other INTJs IRL..?
Are you often jealous of people? If yes: -In what way? -Is it always about love...? -Can you hide it well? (if you don't want the person to notice it.)
Are you often jealous of people? If yes: -In what way? -Is it always about love...? -Can you hide it well? (if you don't want the person to notice it.)
Are you often jealous of people? If yes: -In what way? -Is it always about love...? -Can you hide it well? (if you don't want the person to notice it.)
Haha!! But what should we/you be filled with otherwise? :shocked:   :wink:
You know you are an ESTP when you are awesome. :cool:
I would NEVER date a single one from the different MBTI types, - if it was a woman. Hmm.. :rolleyes: But then again, you should NEVER say NEVER.. :tongue:
Ok, out with the Logic of relationships:   If you have been together a long time, I do not think it is you who are the problem. He may be worried about something he does not want to worry you...
By the way: One of my big sisters are ISFJ, (we are not only siblings, she is like a really good friend of mine). She is the kind who even remember MY ex boyfriends birthdays, haha! I think it's...
Seen the part 2    I sometimes see it like this: Me as an ESFP (Se dominat) has a faster graphics card and sound card than you who has the function Si (or Ni / Ne). :proud:  I can receive more...
(Teddybear) :happy: or @teddy564339  http://i38.photobucket.com/albums/e105/CommentCrazyGirl/Smileys%20Hello%20Wave/e81dcddc24ebb31fb726eb898d5f2271.gif Oh, you caught it very well, this thing with...
What is the biggest difference between ESFJ and ISFJ? What is the easiest way to recognizable the differences?  I like both, I just wanna know how I can see the differences ~ if I can. <3'"


2717: 'My statement was towards what CSI should know more about as appose  to a better solution to the OP and/or what the OP's computer skillz may or may not be.   Being that the OP is probably in the...
You have simply picked the wrong type to try this on.  What do you mean you dont have a choice?? There is always a choice my friend. Always.  There in lies the problem with the whole shit abyss ...
Its not one from the list it is a mix of the list. (p.s. dont give him list)   If he was not I am almost certain he would not have put in the effort of meeting and all that.   This question...
Careful Crispy.  This coming from me is probably a joke and then some.  Best advice I can give is ween yourself from time to time to ascertain if the would be issue is even still there at all. ...
Grumpy Cat = Real Name: Tartar Sauce She is a dwarf kitten which is pretty rare apparently. I dont have facebook myself but my Wife follows  Grumpy on there. Im a pretty die hard fan.  I have...
CSI consist of Right Click -- Properties  And then read?  I sure hope they got more than that.
Grumpy Cat. Best cat ever.   I had numerous cats for my boys (and wife).  I ended up returning them to the vet or pound or whatever it is. Their okay. My family  just does not appreciate the...
Its in the cloud.  I seen it there.  I was high as a kite and there it was.  68.5 bitcoins and Ill get high again and grab it for you.
Now I am not a huge fan of conspiracy theories as well. That said, big pharma is a fan of capitalism.   They tend to quash any idea of a potential cheaper more natural way.  Which I also find...
Where would I be without you Geonerd and Haldir in PerC ?  You three always understand me but re work my writing into something  other humans can understand.  Thanks, you three!  Go team ENTP!
Interesting. To me bisexual = a human. So I never put a separation  on straight/bisexual and monogamy.  For me monogamy is all encompassing to life partner. Hmm maybe I am stating this wrong. ...
Scary feeling isnt it?  Maybe you should have found it a mate and put it in the same trap. Then they could both be miserable together! Not metaphorical at all here. Nope.
hehehehe .. only funny because its true my friend.  One: I ramble on here. You may or may not get used to it. Two: I totally speak on the topical points I want to instead of what was...
dreamflydance  We lose interest in items that are not in front of our faces, real quick.  He has emotions and feelings for you and it scares him to have to  deal with them. It is easier for him...
Agreed. Same for what I am trying to say.  My argument for anything in here was someone  knowing they were/are lying and moving forward  with that. It seems it has changed to what a lie is or is...
It looks like there are a lot of questions/statements in there.  My simple answer is that for now you are looking for  experimentation, freedom and self gratification. Great. That is what you...
Im speaking on fact based truths and outright lies for the sake of lying. If we are going into the land of feels and subjective hearsay, future provable then  you are right. I am not.    Whats...
Sure. But convincing someone of a far fetched truth is doable  via proof. A lie is not. (okay outside of doctored documents or what not). But I mean if your that into your lie then problems abound...
I didnt even really read the rest of the forum but I will  say that the lie itself may not be what is the fun bit in this. The act of getting people to believe the lie is the game.  Al thought the...
That sucks. I have to do this a lot at work. Our business has an ebb and flow that  requires a lot of lay-offs / rehires. The core staff always stay.  Fortunately for me when I hire I make it know...
I sure hope his pops is on the same page. Sounds like he may need this time  with his dad. It may be a really hard hit to him if his dad  flakes out on this. I would encourage him to speak with his...
If it is truly ignorance in reading the room I would say that is a  clear downside. ENTP or not.  In the situation you mention above. I would have noticed the guy was  being a dick but wouldn't...
If I fall into the demographic that I am studying then of course  I would include myself. I would be remiss not to. Not only that  but inclusion of oneself, unbiased, would be the most honest ...
ENTP  We are not all that intelligent. To me, intelligence is relative. Intelligence = the ability to acquire and apply knowledge and skills.  Unless speaking on the Intelligence Quotient. Of...
Look, if he has not even attempted to deal with his childhood then there is a  really long road ahead. I have a remarkably similar sounding childhood. As much as it helped me in a lot of ways, a...
I am in one of these cycles right now actually. I go through them a lot. They ebb and flow with my life.  I know why my behavior is this way but cant say for certain  it is the same for your...
Everyday.  Cig's and other stuff as well.  Keeps me sharp and healthy.
Approach it with how you feel as appose to whatever the physical issue may be.  Instead of:  I think we should talk about problem A and come up with a resolution via methods B, C and/or D ...
If nothing else it is very therapeutic.  I do it all the time. I usually delete it  when I am done and its in the form of  an email or something.   Its a popular show. Especially with ENTP it...
O I read the whole thing and I am not interested. What does that say about my boredom? (Although I am at work so I guess I got paid to read it)
My thoughts.   Wohhhh  Maybe take up knitting or something? Help out the local YMCA?  New heights of boredom this week my friend?  Side note: If I created a race of FBE's I would want them...
I think we are on the same page here. My sexuality starts and stops at my ESFJ.  Everyone else it not missing out on anything..hehehehe believe that!
You are much to bright to waste that light. Stand up and be seen in the light. Let it expose you. Fear over social reprimand is wasted feelings ...at best.
Its innocent. I suppose for some it means something more and I can see that I guess. I am not so great  at it either. Too heavy handed most of the time.  I think it is great when I see my wife...
Yeah I don't think its a mystery I have a pretty  shady past. I don't hide too much on here. Thats the idea of being here. To be honest about who I am and what I feel. Not so much think. I do...
Well that doesn't leave a ton to work with :/  You stand corrected then.
Hmmm usually my read in's are pretty spot on. I either went too far and pushed a feeling or you  wear a hell of a metaphorical mask.  Either way...well done!  Straitjackets cover far too much...
Haldir, semantics maybe... but you never get over it. You just find a way to live with it as best you can.   The best way I have found is by trying to help others.  At least I can see the value...
You crochet your little dreams out to your hearts content.  That is between you and your grandma. No-one-else.  It is a lot harder to live with what we have not done  as appose to what we have....
First off...awesome. So what will he look like?  A half opened computer with a hard drive sitting on top?  I am very much like this when it is for anyone but myself.  If its for me Ill do stuff...
Translation: A petite young woman whose heart bleeds sensual ecstasy.  (we will leave the mask and handcuffs out of this for the moment)
Freudian-slip!   I see the real you peeking from around that dark corner!
You are just making yourself sound more adorable.
I am the least romantic person I know. My poor wife.  How she deals with it is anyone's guess.   Being the forever optimist that I am. I will say that the more people we have  around that use the...
This is a good reference point for me. I have never had a gambling addiction. Ever. Strange. I never thought about it. I just cant see the sense in gambling.  I suppose my addictive nature is...
Watched a great special ..the name of which eludes me. Addictive personalities are indeed real and can  be observed through neural imaging. My wife does not have  this issue. She can smoke on...
How awesome is it to have someone make you feel that special? ESFJ rock.
I just want to take a sec and apologize Happy.  I am in your sub forum quite a bit. Answering all sorts of questions like I am some ESFJ expert.   I always try to mention that what I see is from...
Of course. An addiction is an addiction. No matter the source.  I could just as well say to everyone: stay off illegal narcotics, yet  we have all been taught that message. The message we don't...
You have a remarkably soft touch in your post's. Its not something that can be typed or said. It is a vibe, a read into the way your post is presented as well as the underlying feeling.  It is...'"


2722: 'Well...That all depends on the question: What do your vows mean to you?
Haha yeah. I feel there's a double standard: not that many women want to get involved with a married man, yet thanks to the porn industry - milfs are on the bucket list of every straight male above...
Not going to lie. My eyes widened significantly when I got to this paragraph of your post. All the other posts up until this point on the subject of multiple partners seemed to be fairly...
You have absolutely confirmed my own thoughts and suspicions on the matter. Still... knowing and doing are two completely different things :tongue:. The knowing comes easy, but it will certainly take...
I'm sort of the same way. Didn't use to be, but I developed a comfort with my emotions during my last 2 years of college. Around certain topics I get emotional. I could easily hide them by thinking...
THANK you! I wish you well in your marriage, and thank you for your advice. It was definitely nice to hear from somebody with an optimistic outlook on the whole topic.
LOL Reading the posts in this thread is about as reassuring as finding out you have a terminal disease. I kind of wish I never started it to begin with hahaha
Oh god... good luck with that.
How an ENTP reacts to commitment - 3:30    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGSxuwMDeew
This suggestion wins. Hands down. I don't know why I didn't think of it before. Everyone can now stop giving me advice. I now know what I must do.
I appreciate this
Not that I can think of. LOL!
Lmao! I think your sentiments are shared by a lot of us single ENTPs. Not too worried about it, but it's something I've been giving some thought.
What made you decide and settle on the partner you are with? There are plenty of women I am attracted to and get along with, but when it comes down to it - I can always see the possibility of a...
I'm only speaking from a limited perspective on the situation, but my best guess is that he doesn't know if you are the best fit for him. That's been a HUGE problem with me when it comes to...
Many people probably think I'm an introvert if they haven't had the time to get to know me. I used to be very shy when I was younger, but nowadays if I am quiet I'm just assessing/observing my...
Sounds like you're at a pretty low point in your life right now. Nothing wrong with that. I think everybody can relate, at least to a certain degree. The best advice I can give is this: 1) Never make...
Supernatural is a pretty broad term. I believe in a lot of things that most people don't, but I also don't believe a lot of things that most people do. To be sure, the majority of the human...
The only female INFJ I've managed to find and identify so far is my best friend's little sister. I was like, WHY DID IT HAVE TO BE YOUUUUUUUU!!?? I think people should just get their personality...
I'm right there with you, buddy. You're not the only one.
I just think it's a part of our nature NOT to take things seriously that make us uncomfortable. What an ESTJ might respond to with anger and yelling, we respond to with sarcasm and humor....
You single? Just kidding...sort of :tongue:
ENFPs will fake emotions. ENTPs generally don't. ENFPs in my experience tend to be really animated, and will appear way too happy or enthusiastic to see you - they tend to act, to the extreme, how...
That's a very broad subject you're asking about. Like anything worth having in life, you've got to work for it. You've got to be ready to face your fears, and accept the fact that you will fail many...
For me it all depends on how they ask. I don't respond to orders, but I'll often assist people if they request it. I've found that you can often get what you want from bossy people by simply...
It's called FREEDOM! hahaha :tongue:
No way! Someone else into EDC's and every day preparedness! Hahaha. What's your EDC? Mines a Spyderco Tenacious for now.
I love this thread. I know she's not talking about me, but it feels like she's talking about me.:proud:
I don't mean that to sound presumptuous. I'm just making generalizations.
We like theories, you like facts. They don't always match up in a readily apparent way, but that doesn't mean theory isn't be logical. The thing about theories is, they haven't yet or can't be backed...
I would agree with that. I'm really picky when it comes to determining if I would start a relationship with someone. It would take someone really perfect in every aspect for me to settle. Sex is...
I've always gotten along handsomely with INTJs. One of my best friends and my father(also one of my best friends) are INTJs. I will admit I have problems with giving them space, and I often feel...
How I act towards someone I am interested in has changed over time as my confidence has grown. It also depends very much on the situation and its variables. Nowadays I try to be straightforward,...
I've had some intimacy with an ISFP. Love the girl to death, but, like @DiamondDays said, she wasn't very good at deep philosophical discussion. She's a good listener, but she just doesn't love...
This made me LOL. Cool story, man. Hope everything goes well for you.
Lol no I was asking about the accountant and attorney.:tongue:
I think you should take some time to think about the person you would need to become in order to be attractive to him, decide if that's somebody you're willing to become, and proceed from there. I...
I do it all the time, but I hate when other people do it. LOL
I actually liked myspace more because of the customization capabilities. Why does my page have to be blue!? There should be a button I could press to change the color of the layout.
Cool startup story! About how much do those cost?
downsowf - That's exactly my mindset right now, and it's great to get some agreement and consensus from other people in the same shoes. I don't believe I'm spreading myself too thin in this case, and...
But as sighcantthinkofaname said about herself, if you ask me something you want to know, I will almost definitely tell you. I'm not keeping secrets to hide anything - I just don't go out of my way...
Yeah, I change the topic all the time because that's literally how I think. It's actually frustrating at times because I'll be in the middle of one thought, and before I can finish the first one...
Lol I know, right? I swear I'll waste 10 minutes trying to decide which book I should read at any given moment - so frustrating.
I don't think it's unique to just the ENTP women... I've been the other guy on multiple occasions as an ENTP male. SO annoying haha.
I couldn't agree more. Thanks. The biggest concern for me is my extremely low tolerance for the more boring sides of business, like the legal and financial aspects. I guess I'll just jump in, and...
Subscribed. Make more. I could relate to a lot of the things you were saying. :happy:
Thanks Clon3Haz3. Good advice :)
I'd like to hear your stories: How you were inspired, how you planned/implemented your plan, and how it turned out for you...etc. I'm going to start a couple businesses this year, and I'd love to...
These pictures are spot on! Just went on Facebook to compare pictures of myself vs. the ENFPs I know.'"


2733: 'As a student, I use [Sleep Talk] a lot, perhaps you should do the same.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yX5XPo0lZVQ
Jesus Kung Fu!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fUvmazotQp0
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CpMm6VUUAAAcUpB.jpg :exterminate:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcRyjkYdDxM  The original   Meanwhile in Germany...    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yO7MWuJ7zLA
> NihiTel     (probably already posted but...)  http://i.imgur.com/mOTHgnf.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/X2cF9gJ.png   http://i.imgur.com/bctaADX.gif
Bloke looks like the guy from Flight of the Conchords... CBA scraping through his filmography...   Edit :  Found it @0:29   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ecA6niMOfY
http://www.gamerlexicon.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/golden-sun-judgement-summon-gif.gif  Welcome, chre compatriote ! :gentleman:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87cUqFA3mnw
@Rose for a Heart It's ironic cause, thanks to some bastard calf, the coffee shop turned into a fucking bar fight :onthego:
Can you share some more picture of cows like you used to, I thought they were pretty decent self-portraits. :ghost3:    You know what separates us from the animal ?    Selfies :ghost3:
It means that some people decided this thread would be spam for reasons that are sadly beyond rationality.    I have nothing to be ashamed of, but whoever feels concerned by this should ask...
Because someone said so.:kiwi-fruit:    Job done.
Don't waste your time on that. :ghost3:
Future2Future thanked this post.
My last goodbye...  People who felt like destroying this thread :  > sniff glue on a daily basis > are janitors > look like tuna > have a complex > have a disease that makes people think...
Shut it down.  http://i.imgur.com/h4d5NAq.jpg
Thats the technical term but I call them No man's land words or sharp edges because theyre so bivalent when taken out of context, you dont know whether its reaching you or the person who uses...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z48NmdWbquw   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vRlJrkxsqo   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_74N7KJmEj4   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCiFO7qV54E
Skimmed posts like raw milk...     In the safest, robust and most resilient of all PO boxes, I'm afraid.    Loaded language - RationalWiki
RIP Harambe :crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying::crying:  ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6TEZPe4oII  OIRJIORJNJIORNJINFPOUJIN KPFIKJOIJTRF HEY HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEY HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEY...
Right away ! :th_o:    :ninja:        http://i.imgur.com/MeaaWwt.png
Coffee Shop Unit representative, here ! How can I help you get the best coffee ever? :victorious:
Put it in your signature as a clickable link :encouragement:   PS : I'm done squabbling with whoever was above.
We generally ignore him for reasons that may compromise our own security :gentleman:
http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/smuff/images/f/f0/Wonder_if_it's_loaded.gif/revision/20130213155704    I wasn't referring to that scene but the quality of your own statement.    ...
Indeed it was, especially the adventure mode ! But overall it felt too unbalanced and casual, I may sound like a tourneyfag but I loved SSBM better... :ghost3:    Haha, what about...
http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/4d/4d16a702b639d272bb82e755cb211d3e82c9a18cb3f9cfa55a395bc297ffeb0b.jpg    Oh God, she's here...    http://i.imgur.com/PnYX4zs.gif
If I'm INTJ then I've probably been starving my functions for all these years and occasionally fed them sunflower seeds during full moons.
Because     http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/001/768/Longchu3.jpg http://i.makeagif.com/media/9-29-2015/RNOvJg.gif    :th_o:
That's cause you're awesome :ghost3: I mostly can't imagine having fun with anything that hasn't got intricate electronics...     Yes, books that have rules that you shouldn't follow etc......
And did you drink water after waking up?
  :octopus:     It comes off as a reflex to me... could it be Ne mostly taking over everything?  I suss it's due to playing too much video game / always watching levels on a mixing...
And that's how we ended up with things like these   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsgIq7cxhJk  :ninja:    Haha, that could last for hours ! :ghost3:
Does anybody feel capable of attempting to provide an explanation for the actual fornication process involved the following recording ? :gentleman:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6fldyHVOsA
It is very deep, the level of trolling employed by the guy reaches beyond infinity...  (I don't even know, I just happen to see these things at the right time !)   ...
Why did I think of this...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmenZiEhcCk    http://puu.sh/qnFbE/fb9cc930f0.png  ooooooOOOOOOOH *jazz hands*
What if owls pulled a prank on the cat? What if the cat didn't have messy hair but instead each owl vomited their own piece of hairy prison on it? Could that be the nightmare? :th_o:
You'll be fine as long as the other owls don't serve you hairballs for breakfast.
The nightmarish part is to wake up with messy hair when meeting your owl friends. :ninja: They're friends :ninja: The nightmare is not what you think :ninja: Your cat loves you :ninja:
Safe :ninja:
He talked about how following every rule verbatim was shite, not some of them.
http://i.imgur.com/bctaADX.gif FTFY.
No, I'm on drugs. :wink:
Barakiel  Blimey... Same response at the same time.:th_o:
I speak with a keyboard in my mouth, that's a lot of effort indeed.     I'm a great typist    when it comes to keyboards
You PokCame and PokWent.'"


2734: Interesting, you've gone from Se dominant to Ne dominant, and usually ENXp in socionics tends to go hand in hand with the MBTI descriptions. ENxps are fairly similar, but it's fairly simple right, do...
The way you connected, would have just been because of your introversion.  It's actually very much easier to work out your socionics type btw, have a look at the quadras:  Alpha Quadra -...
That's why they make the cognitive function ones near impossible to follow :proud:
Ouch, not sure you should be so quick to judge, seeing as ENTPs have a tendency to disappear sometimes. You might be right though of course, can't speak for all ENTPs, others just want things.
Ahhhh, ENFJs... a breath of fresh air. I really enjoy the company of the one I know, though there is a problem with the asshole/childish games and stuff, our conversations are awesome. I could see it...
Hmmm, In my experience, I've found that it doesn't work most of the time (for me it has, but for others, usually not). Tests will not tell you anything you don't know already, they're just there to...
This makes me think that you might be a Feeler.  I'd say you're probably an extrovert too, considering the way you ask questions, the way you blatantly spurt everything out yet haven't really said...
He'll work that out eventually, just introduce him to people that you think he might enjoy the company of. Typically INTJs -and well, just about every other person, regardless of type- works these...
Yeah, that's it, you described it perfectly, you're definitely and ENTP, don't worry about that ENTJ INTP nonsense :laughing:.   It's kind of hard to describe, like gossipy or something I guess.
Okay, I worked this one out a little while ago, I was trying to use the floor function because I didn't realize that the lines(eg. |x|) mean absolute value. After that, I've worked it out, and you're...
okay, are you kind of hyper, always suggesting crazy ideas, playing with 'toys' and causing mischief to satisfy some kind of chaotic urge (which I figure it to kill boredom) when out with people? Or...
Ahhhh! so you've thought this out I see, so you release the teeth eating coyotes, and use some kind of alarm system in your house based on the weight of zombies on the floorboards
*insert auto welcome here*  Damn, just as my zombie thread thought it was catching you, it turns out you've bumped up the game :tongue: I'm not quite EF, but I'm almost there, but surely you don't...
Welcome breeze, You'll be treated like all the other newbies, first comes the hazing, then the protection money phase, and then you become a minion, after that... ahh... there's not much after that...
Yup we're all crazy here, well at least I am... it's pretty fun welcoming people, you can expect at least a page of welcomes... even if they don't say anything much. Best thing about welcomes, is...
Ahhh! How is that related to the floor function though? Are absolute values the same as the floor function? ... hmm, they're not related at all are they...    Yarrr, I was going to post that...
I thought that was simple, high school mathematics even (alright, advanced kind of high school maths). I forgot to explain what a floor function is though for those who may not know (explaining...
Okay, I figure maths differs quite fundamentally from science, so I'm making a separate thread. It'd be nice to know if there is anyone here even interested in mathematics. I usually just need...
Wouldn't that get a little messy? At least people wont hassle you while you do your job, they'll all assume that you're dead when they see 'you' explode on the news. Then you're safe (edit, forgot to...
Oh well, It's still informing and I don't think his assignment matters. It's the science that counts.
I hope maths fits in here, if not, I'll have to create a mathematics thread. I've been practicing maths in my free time, I'm taking up 2nd year physics and math next year, I want to improve upon my...
Yeah, it's a carbocation, normally carbon has the same amount of electrons as it has protons. 2 in the s subshell, 4 in the p subshell. Take one electron away, and the number of protons dominates,...
Hmm, I donno what it says, but oh well, It's a deal.  I do that too, supposedly it might be a sign that you're more of a party person, most people I know who do this are kind of like that.    ...
Ooooo, you're good you!! :crazy:
House is entertaining at least, but I guess that's not really all that high on your list. I'll just have to pretend to be an ISTP and go all navy seals and stuff... though it'll probably become...
2. Watch Out Your Jokes There are many people who gets very sensitive about jokes. You might think it's funny to call that lousy guy with some silly nickname, and everyone seems to think it's funny,...
That's more like it, the type me threads need my advanced skillz anyway. Ahhh, I just remembered, after you've figured yourself out, you've gotta branch out and figure out other people. I see why...
Hello world... that doesn't appear significant to me, could you shed some light on the topic? I can kind of see it coming from an IN at the very least.
It totally depends fully on who you work for, If it's the great stone god, you might be in a bit of luck.  9w8 hey, that's a type not often found on the internet (or so they say), 9w1s are way more...
I donno if it works like that, remember the 7 wing? if those conditions aren't satisfied, I tend to scavenge about for security elsewhere. Interesting use of the we thing, I don't remember seeing...
I'm already paranoid enough, I'm not even sure if I'm paranoid or not... oh dear... I'm a gonna have to get out the medicine again...     When he fails his guitarist career, he's all yours. But...
1.) Unethical - on the odd occasion, I weigh up the entertainment versus ethics a little bit. Throwing rocks at cows... um no, telling an old preaching looney that their religion is a waste of time,...
Or I could just as easily turn up the uncertainty and feign amnesia, I'm not sure what my name was, it could have been Larry, or Freddy or Matt or Stephan or something... It'd work wonders in a...
I can only relate to at least half of it, I'm not all that outgoing though, I'm a failed extroverted experiment. I think you'll find that ISTP is the preferred assassin type, ENTPs might be capable,...
I think some people find it exhilarating to see someone react to something, no matter what it is. And that exhilaration kind of doubles when the reaction appears to be abnormal, it probably becomes...
*Drools everywhere*  I think I know what I want for christmas... to bad I've annoyed 60% of the ENTJs I've come across.  Welcome AisleeinDale (that's the best word recall I can muster, I'm...
Nice, welcome AELee, may you have a merry time at this here forum. Ignore the one above me, I am the new welcome bot, please donate all your gold to me at this instant for coffee, where's my ISTP...
I love that song!!! I'm going to make that into a theme-song or something, as soon as I get my grubby little paws on it
I'm not falling for this again, last time I tried to eat a cookie, my pants zip became a little to close and personal... terrible, terrible dealings.  Welcome, I hope my post was absurd enough, I...
I wish I could do that, I'd probably fall flat on my face in the attempt, and then receive the death penalty. If I ever become an assassin, I'll be setting traps and staying well away from them. We...
Personality Cafe seems to be extensively linked to Youtube somehow.   Welcome Castor, and may your followers rejoice in the dance of the sunchild  *takes another puff*  Waffles!!! :tongue:
Nope, couldn't guess your type, Toffan sounds like an ESFP kind of name. Are you sure ENTPs are the social type? As far as I've gathered, the consensus is usually that we don't have enough F to seek...
I thought 9s were lazier than that... live and let live, I guess, assassin sort of fits then. I was wondering about assassins and ISTPs just a while ago. the prerequisites were 1. intelligence, 2....
oh goodie, I own that market, and I'm feelin a little hungry...   I thought about it, and I think my brother may have stolen my pure 7.. perhaps the only real way to hide my 6... is to dispose of...
hmmm, I don't remember making any kind of arrangement... but you must be right, yes, of course. But there's a bit of a problem, my idiot accomplice bought sour worms instead of gummy worms, and bait...
Yeah, BYOB and a couple of other songs were alright, I couldn't staunch any of the others, they were just plain weird. I find the album art to be kind of plain... though I haven't really looked at it...
I find it hilarious, it's almost the only tv I actually watch...   Yup, but each type seems to have their own way of processing information, right? I suppose you're right though, quirks... I'll...
*tips hat*  Thank yee, I dislike SOAD, I'd much rather the cleaner, friendlier, SOAP
Really? That's not right, every type has its only little peeves and tricks, for instance, I've fallen into the habbit of using more commas than I thought humanly possible, I'm no longer aware of...
I have not idea what's going on, but I'm the real ENTP, so no one listen to all those impostors."


2738: 'Interesting that you mention this because this approach has worked in the past for me, now that I'm thinking about it (I feel slightly guilty admitting it, but his distractability does work in my...
I know what you mean. For me it's so visceral and I feel like I have to do something to make it stop. It's extremely aggravating when it becomes an expected behavior, like you're the dumping ground...
I feel you on this one. It can be very frustrating when you live and work with said individuals too, where by association you're forced to endure their varying moods. They may (probably) have no...
If doofy is adorable, I'll take it lol.
Not sure why but it was rather easy putting these in order. Based off of personal experience:  1. INFJ :kitteh:  ENTP all over the place INTJ crazy in an awesome way INFP <3 ENFP hyper  INTP...
You didn't say anything about no kidnapping! :tongue:    On a serious note though, I don't think it's a personal flaw to want to be reclusive, and I hope your friends are lenient and understanding...
I voted more than a month because why the hell not? I don't know you! Haha. I have an INTP roommate, and compared to him, I don't go out much more than he does. I think I'm more motivated to go out...
My closest friends hardly seek me out and vice versa, which is the way I like it. I'm not interested in hanging out multiple times a week every week, and to request this of me is too much. It's just...
This is great information to know. I think your INFJ friend and my INFJ friend share that commonality, as we're always requesting the INFJ to come hang out, only to be let down when he (at some...
Dear INFJ friend,  Your work schedule sucks. You always have the intent to come hang out but hardly ever do. I get it, but INTJ misses you. He told me this directly, which is a rare admission...
I know exactly what you mean, my mother is the type of person to hold a grudge and I could never understand why growing up. She never knew that I kept a very firm stance on objectivity lol, I would...
I voted genuine. I'd like to assume that a genuine person is also going to be stable and intelligent (in some form, hopefully). I had issues with being genuine myself growing up, so as an adult I...
I like jewelry that isn't flashy or heavy. I like dainty watches. I make my own necklaces with pendants I find at Michaels (the have a good selection). Costume jewelry can also be cute and...
Aren't they freaking amazing?! Solid, charismatic, dependable, humble - just to name a few qualities of my INTJ. What you describe is eerily similar to what I'm experiencing in this relationship atm....
Novel ideas and under 25 - it's most fulfilling.
You never know :laughing:
I used to be like that, but I stopped caring about putting on a face and pretending I'm not emotionally affected by certain things. I'm not always happy-go-lucky. Shit happens and I'm not going to...
ISTP was cool for a while - individualistic and rational. But he morphed into a self-centered, emotionally constipated jerk.  ESTP was hilarious with a quick wit and a self-motivated achiever....
I can maintain long-term relationships easily, it's a matter of caring to and having a level of adaptability.
Interesting article and site, though I don't relate to all of those attributes listed.
I know an INTJ who was in a relationship and lived with an INFJ, and he reported that they never argued. He did say however that the INFJ bottled up and wouldn't discuss problems with him. They...
Repeat offender? Eeeek.. I personally wouldn't forgive somebody for multiple slights. This guy sounds like a doucher.
Every time I see your sig gif I piss myself    I wear diapers now, thanks a lot.     I also second Hitler. Imagine how irate he would be LOL
You can definitely be my guy's friend! Welcome to the forum cutie.
Don't go the revenge route, you're better than that. Yes, he screwed your trust over and then lied about it to cover his ass, for whatever reason(s) (he may not have developed enough personal...
I think to some degree it does, personally speaking. Mostly it assists me in taking a step back from the seriousness of reality, allowing me to assess it from a comical standpoint.. therefore I'm...
Exercise or smoking weed usually does the trick. They both put me into assessment mode, but I REALLY let go when I'm stoned.. why did/should I even give a fuck in the first place?
I'm straight. I've recently discovered that I find masculine ladies attractive, but not sure to what extent or why.
^^ I'm similar to this as well. Social distractions tend to slow my eating down, otherwise I eat quickly to get it over with. Having to consume food several times a day is annoying.
I reread As a Man Thinketh by James Allen this morning. 28 pages of awesomeness.
I care much less when high lol.. take your time sir, I'm in no hurry today
Eh.. time is a funny thing. Typically I get agitated when it's wasted because of somebody else but I really have no problem wasting it myself (such as daydreaming) lol. I think it's partly because I...
On top of the video being awesome (I'm halfway through) ^^^ this made me LOL. Thanks for the post!
I never felt I belonged to a group entirely, and even when I had a strong affinity towards a group of people it was never enough to create a long-lasting bond to the group itself. Throughout high...
Yeah I've definitely struggled with saying no and telling people straight up that I'm not interested in them in a romantic sense. Only after X amount of bad experiences have I realized that it's...
In love, behavior is completely childlike, goofy, playful... I can justify this teasing with a big wet smooch afterwards!   Though behavior can be neutral at times as if the individual is a...
Patience and kinky toys.
Hug it up and ask how it's going.
Interesting.. my INTJ buddy told me almost the exact same thing the other week. Do you generally enjoy it when others pull you out of your head and into the moment?
For me, audio books are useful when the eyes/hands are busy with monotonous tasks, and text is better when full attention can be devoted to reading. There isn't really a preference on how the...
Totally agree with this :tongue:
People don't generally piss me off, but their closed-minded thinking, incompetence, inefficient methods, and lack of dependability can be disappointing (or frustrating) at times. More often though...
Commas ftw! Haha.   Most noticeably for me, Ne = potentiality of many ideas to spawn from perceptions gathered in the external world.   Some of these ideas are straight ridiculous (no boundaries)...
I never sought out anything to collect. If it's not of any use to me it tends to get thrown out.. with the exception of daggers and notebooks/documents.
I was always a cocky smart-ass, but now I have the evidence to prove why  :wink:   Welcome to the forum btw!
Shadow functions come out when you're under stress. You may have your own reasons for not doing drugs, but don't project those reasons onto somebody who does choose to do them.. they might not be the...
Thanks alfreda, the same goes for you too. Sayonara 2012!
Manipulation was useful in the past, and I never thought it was wrong or felt guilty using it. It's an easy tool that promises results. Over time I've grown to prefer natural social interactions and...
Based off of my experience - ESTJ (Te, Si) for sure. ESFP (Se, Fi) comes in second.
Save your tears dear :tongue:, it's not so bad. Just another adaptation.  I had my wannabe Se moments as a teenager, but now realize it is way more fun (and less stressful) to just be my...'"


2771: 'Shouldn't that actually say Your dual would be an ENTP as MsFancyPants is listing herself as ISFJ (testing on socionics as ISFp)?  Wouldn't it be strange if there were an asymmetry and your dual's...
ZeroOneInfinity: Wow, your a Nexus-6?
the j-P discrepancy in introvert types between Socionics and MBTI holds for the theory.  In practice, many, if not most, MBTI ISFPs test as ISFp in Socionics.  Read the Socionics descriptions to be...
Are ISTPs stupid?  Wha??  Hellno.  What a stupid question...
I actually think this doesn't sound like ISFP at all.  Honestly, threats and not being able to let go for such a long time...   Who of the ISFPs here have ever threatened anybody?  Come forward!
Hey, I find you look a little like Stuart from The Big Bang Theory (the comic book store owner).  Anybody else find that too?
Hey, did you ever consider to join the Cloud Appreciation Society?
I forgot to mention this crucial point.  On the other hand, that's why you're convinced.  Or at least I am.
... you are convinced that you will solve a problem just by staring at it for long enough.
I will remember this for my next job interview!
More visual aids please!!!
Hey, you totally remind me of Nicki Clyne (Cally in Battlestar Galactica)!
I actually can read the mind of my wife very often!  And now YOU think I am making that up, right?  Am I right?!
I normally cry, when everything comes together to manifest itself in a kind of Weltschmerz...  Sorry for being so fuzzy about it.
The latter method never worked out for me, because I know that the deadline is not a real one... But for a task management method I came across Getting Things Done (normally got a f**king...
I don't think it belongs here, but I called mine Kallisti (what is written on the Apple of Discord, in greek mythology).  When I run Windows in a virtual machine, it is called Worm 8)
The second coming of Jimi??
Okay, that makes it clearer. And I can relate to that very much.  When my wife wants me to do something, I already planned to do (sometime I feel like it), and she wants it done now, I would also...
Of course, it wasn't a list, just examples (thus the 'etc').  We're not here for an ENTP-Off.    May I ask, how old you are? Because at some point in life, you have to accept, that some things...
:)) Tried that with guitar, Chinese language, and programming exercises, physics study circles, etc. no way, Joz! But I have a diploma in physics, am a scientific programmer, and my beloved wife...
I actually realised this after posting.  I still think she's ISFP. Justin Long, on the other hand seems to play a more introverted type, there.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuQK6t2Esng&feature=related
I'm not your friend, buddy!  Well, not yet, that is.    Thanks for the bolstering!
No disappointment, it's just, I never had a girl w/ facial hair before.  You know how you lose the interest...
In that case, my fair lady, I am not interested anymore.
Sure, if the whole day is like a routine, it is deadly.  Been there, fell into a really dangerous depression, been even on drugs (that my doc gave me, because of a chronical illness that worsened as...
Of course that is soo obvious.  But probably it's half way into season 2, that they actually fall in love.  Then they split up at the end of season 3, yadda, yadda.  My example would be Leonard in...
Not you, I meant ISFps...
Totally.  And I find the pairing with Justin Long really perfect (in the show New Girl, i.e.).
yes, but afterwards you feel down because you think you are fat...:)
That was my first thought:  Do what you are best at.  Create.  Turn your feelings into works of art, even if this means you have to live through the break up again and again. But you have to show...
Love your smile! But if I may ask a personal question:  Are you on steroids? Nothing against women with facial hair, you know what they say about women with facial hair..?
Was a hint on a second meaning of 'button issue'.  A little tasteless, but I tried to conceal it.
27392  different glasses, no hat!
Why's that?
Noone will laugh (and even if, who gives a sh**).  Also, I found ISF* judge their look much too critical.  You are cute, ISFPs!  Female, male, the third gender,  doesn't matter.  Even I posted...
pleeeeeeeeease?  pretty pleeeeeeeease!
No.  I think it was a figure of speech...
Noone?  Seems the word 'routine' alone lets ENTps just turn away...
Hi everybody,  I was just wondering, that in the descriptions of ENTps it is said that they/we 'don't like routine'.  It's just, I have some routines that I go through (on workdays:).  That is, I...
Regina Spektor and Emily Browning, both great performers in their profession.  ...
You know you are ENTp when you click the Post Quick Reply button, and have already got the next idea...
still takes less space than this one of yours :)
When you compare yourself with EVERYBODY and want to be able to do  EVERYTHING what they are able to.  (And then are disappointed about  yourself, 'cause you can't - well not everything, that is)
When the only alternative to feeling high and super smart is feeling down and absolutely dumb.
You know you are ENTP, when... uhm... I forgot.  But it was really witty!
When you compare yourself with EVERYBODY and want to be able to do EVERYTHING what they are able to.  (And then are disappointed about yourself, 'cause you can't - well not everything, that is) ...
When the only alternative to feeling high and super smart is feeling down and absolutely dumb.
You know you are ENTP, when... uhm... I forgot.  But it was really witty!
I would rather use the passive here.'"


2787: 'Ah.  But I am the Fifth Element and I have the Multipass.  Kaboom!!!
And for that quip, when you want to go skiing in your Summer, or lie on a beach in your Winter, You shall not pass!
I think you guys mean Autumn.  It's getting dark at night and cold (<20oC, sometimes <15oC!).  And then there are cyclones and flooding and coastal erosion- thanks global warming.
I am an ENTP woman, who started out typing at your age testing much more evenly between ENTP and ENFP.  I suspect the justice drive hints at ENTP.... ENFP would be more concerned about mercy.    As...
All the ENTJs I met were pretty kick arse.  I mean- a brain like mine and they can get shit done!  What a combination!  No excuse for not doubling everyone else's salary LOL.  Kind of intimidating...
A bit ridiculous to call an ENTP a pragmatist!  There is nothing pragmatic about someone who argues without meaning to (including with authority figures), who can't organise themself out of a paper...
Awesome replies- thanks everyone :-)  I do think that being in our heads alot is bound to make us prone to various psychological disorders, depending on environmental factors in childhood and later...
Hey you should see my comment about being an ENTP woman.  This may be our response to patriarchy... Arrogance as a defense mechanism.
One quick word about humility.  Humility is not the same as false modesty.    I HATE false modesty.  If I have done a good job, I have done a good job and I'm not about to go shucks I didn't...
Those of you who don't know the difference between arrogance and confidence perhaps are not aware of the role of ego.  Once ego is involved confidence tips into arrogance.  But while confidence is...
When I am in the ENTP zone then there are times my confidence tips into arrogance.... and then I loathe myself for it.  Then I come crashing down to earth with a complete LACK of confidence.  I...
When I am in my ENTP zone I am an ideas generation machine... but it happens best when I am feeding off others.  And age has alot to do with it.. I doubt I had any ideas at all when I was a teen, I...
Let's all move in together!!
Let's not assume folks that it is only boys who do the seducing!    Although in practice seducing an ENFP is pretty much a mutual thing... in a crowded room we just are drawn to one another (and...
I don't know whether NZ is low on ENTPs, but it is rare to find many ENTPs at all, and I don't know any other female ENTPs..... sucks cos it would be nice to be able to have someone to discuss...
You sound ENTP.  I have always typed a little towards F because of course as women we would prefer to match our social norm... ISFJ  (I assume that is what UK women are meant to be, it feels like...
OK Firstly I am NOT a guy- I am well and truly a woman.  Keep your gender assumptions to yourself ;-)  Secondly, I decided what to do with my life each time with indepth research and analysis. ...
You mean they of course.  Because I know you didn't mean to assume that all ENTPs are men.  Because that would be eliminating the possibility that wonderful women like myself didn't exist.... and...
Oh dear... 14?  You are only a few years older than my oldest daughter.  Please don't read my posts.... not really PG.  I didn't realise there were teens below the age of consent on this forum.... as...
1) Mid 40s (can't believe it...) 2) New Zealand  3) It's patchy... love meeting new interesting people but terrible at maintaining friendships.  I tend to be thought of as a wise woman by some...
So true!
Totally disagree with this.  I come up with my ideas like a bolt of lightning in the shower or when I'm walking down the street, but they are FANTASTIC ideas.  They immediately appear to me as...
this
I am the Devil's Advocate, but I do it for good intent :love_heart::love_heart::love_heart:  I explore my ideas through arguing- if people can get me to change my mind then I am closer to the truth...
OK so here is a serious question that may expose vulnerabilities for some ENTPs.  Please do NOT engage in verbal sparring and your devil's advocate persona.... channel your inner ENFP functions. ...
Well I know that my greatest strength is my ability to generate ideas... the crazier the better, and that the brainstorming environment is where it happens.  I need the presence of others to...
Wait til you get til your mid 40s!!!  I am invincible!  (Quote from a terrible James Bond movie... only my contemporaries will recognise it)
that is so fucking true!
Accept our love willingly.  You rock!!!:hug:
Hmmm.:unsure:  INFPs?  But will they talk to us?  Won't they get a bit scared? :shocked:
OMG.  I don't feel like this at all and I am an extreme ENTP.  My morals absolutely define me... to the point where I am insufferably opinionated about everything!  I am quite surprised that so...
Weekend's over at this point in space-time :-(  Monday nearly is too!
Now that depends on your point of view:wink:
Howdee ENTP boy.  Not sure I can chat to you, we'll end up mass debating!  Need those ENFPs to spread the lurve :love_heart:
Hello ;-) Sorry I'm late to the party! New here so no idea what I'm doing.... but hey I'll wing it!  What could possibly go wrong? ;-):exterminate:'"


2793: 'According to the order of function strengths your best fit is INTP, as many other have said. I think the test should tell you that. But that test is slightly biased I've found, but that's just me.
I second ReverieInSight about Ne-dominant users. ENTPs and ENFPs probably have the hardest time living in the present, being so wrapped up about future possibilities. I know it's something I struggle...
Hi all, I'm posting about a topic which I have struggled for some time with and wondered if anybody could share some thoughts.  So, you can pretty much describe me as an anti-foodie. I don't get...
Hello all. ENTP here who seems to be in some trouble.  I'm in my final year at university studying dentistry. I seem to be having a lot of trouble with the people in my cohort and the nature of my...
Okay, granted I haven't gone through every page in this thread, but the general sense I get is that ISTP guys dress for comfort and not style (unless they have to) so they end up looking a bit......
I'm pretty desirable. I've had no problems with people being romantically interested in me. And lemme check, yes I'm a female ENTP! :o  It's the Ne bubbly that attracts people. When you're...
I know an ISTJ that has this really intense stare that's unnerving. He's been told by others too, of this stare. It's like he's boring into your soul. Actually, I don't hold eye contact that much....
As a generalisation, yes, most guys probably don't like a socially dominant woman. But I'm not going after most guys. I'm going after one person that I can be with that makes me happy. I don't need...
I agree with your incentive. I want to orgasm because it feels good, and there's no reason to stop trying just because I don't succeed. I never felt awkward though. I was very direct and honest and...
Yes, it is hard to turn that down. But when he offers also to cook every meal for you, drive you around everywhere, act as your alarm clock to wake you up in the morning, come over to your place to...
I'm a woman and I'm not attracted to assholes. I do not like bad boys and I don't need to find someone to fix. It's too much effort to conquer a bad boy, and too much to worry about if he's going to...
Number 2 all the way!
I think we want someone who is excited about life the same way that we are. Yes, our interests change rapidly. What do you expect, we're ENTPs. We treasure someone who can keep up with us, joins in...
Being an ENTP means I pride myself on my Ne-Ti, which allows for lots of brainstorming, lateral thinking and creativity. It means I can be relatively good at improvising and looking at big picture...
Attitude determines your happiness. Not what you have. Not what you lack. Not if you're smart, or dumb, or innocent or not.  Being wise may give you a more balanced attitude towards life. There's a...
Well he's at the supposed age where Fe is supposed to develop. The older ENTPs are supposed to have had some time to mellow out and mature a bit, should they choose to develop their weaker functions...
Tonight, I wait in Anticipation For star-struck lovers With their rose-petal Lips and wind-like voices. They moan and sigh in Unison, like that Of a million suns Colliding in heat,...
So are you saying that the fact that statistics report a high number of women who don't orgasm from sex is due to the fact that men are generally more selfish in bed, or that they don't know how to...
Some of the questions seemed really rigid. Came out surprisingly well, however.    Extraverted (E) 79% Introverted (I) 21%   Intuitive (N) 73% Sensing (S) 27%
Soft toothbrush with modified Bass technique, and yes do floss daily. Fluoridated toothpaste, unless you're anti-fluoride (not going to have this debate today). 6 monthly dental check-ups and cleans,...
Is it hard for SJs to let us do our thing though? I was raised by an SJ, and I've not gotten that kind of treatment at all. I think it's tainted my perceptions of relationships with SJs. If they're...
Typology type extroverts, depends on their other functions, I suppose. I have troubles with Fi, but I try so very hard.  Social extroverts? Depends. Either I withdraw into my little shell, or we...
This. Plus teabagging. And probably trying to aim some other substance over the bushes too.
Yes, I had that morph. I mistyped as an INTP for the longest time. Don't know how people can mistype as an INTJ though. Their functions are all different from ours.  However, I think for my case it...
Apparently ENTPs have high standards for who they consider friends. If you think about it, most of us are looking for a mind mate to play with. Someone who can keep up with our antics, appreciate us...
Have you found J types to be domineering over other people's lives? I can understand if a J type wants to keep to their own structure, but would they try to drag the P type into it too? Surely there...
Be happy and have fun while you're here.
Yes, I attract emotionally screwed up people. But everyone is somewhat screwed up. I'm just easy to talk to, and I find out everyone's secrets. But it's annoying, because I feel like I'm surrounding...
This is funny, because I thought everyone was going to blab about how they're so popular and charming, but no! Likewise, few friends, many acquaintances. I don't have a permanent group of people I...
I should print this out and frame it.
I wish my type existed so I could have a more appropriate asshole description. Surely there's heaps of negatives to point out in an ENTP.
If I have managed to seize or create an opportunity where I engage with someone/something that captures my interest, the environment doesn't matter too much. It can be distracting and annoying, and...
I plan for the future, but thankfully my Perceiving nature recognises that life is so unexpected and volatile that, well, just take it as it comes. I have ideas of where I'd like to be at, but I'm...
LOL, fuck her. Fuck it. Fuck everything. IDK, anger makes me get over shit. Dunno how the ISTP does it though.  Just no talking to her then. It's better if she's out of your life for good. Starts...
If you keep chasing her, she may just run away completely. Already she's started to withdraw. I think you've shown her enough that you care about her, but if you come off as clingy she might freak...
I do completely agree that each individual is different, no matter how we may attempt to categorise the human psyche. But within the context of this discussion, being on a forum focused on...
Maybe that's proof you can still be surprised by how others react, then. :p  Personally I didn't see why you'd be so annoyed by something as simple and as ordinary as the fact of having to deal...
What do you mean Si-users get you down a lot?  Yay for 7w8s! I'm relatively new to Enneagrams though, still need to sort the rest of my tritype/instincts out. Hahaha, it's a bit disheartening to...
I think your attitude toward life greatly influences how you experience it, regardless of the situation you're in. If you think there's nothing left to learn, then you'll continue to learn nothing...
I thought the theory is that you attempt to develop your inferior functions later in life. There's a constant tug-of-war of the dominant and inferior functions, but if the dominant is allowed to...
Goodness, what is it with everyone and being able to schmooze their way out of things?  But granted, I haven't been lucky to get freebies or anything but I don't think I've gotten into trouble that...
Regardless, I think it's still beneficial to be able to manoeuvre social situations with grace. The people that you surround yourself with do have an impact on your behaviour and thoughts. While it's...
adamstone1 Maybe I should stop trying to fix broken people and try surround myself with the positive, confident ones. But somehow I feel intimidated by people who show no flaws. I'm quite aware of...
zobot Very interesting analysis, but I hope that applies to ENTPs too, like me. :p My Fe isn't great, but it's workable. Oftentimes I do have trouble picking up on why I'm upset and need to sit down...
Thorweeps I wish I could tell you. I haven't met many of my own type. I think ENTPs aren't too plentiful, particularly female ones. I can be found in almost any sort of setting and playing any sort...
I think that everything you've said is very true. It's a shame because she is a nice person, and yes, her simplicity is charming and easy to deal with. But her problems do outweigh her positives. As...
What do you think would be the catchphrase for each MBTI type? I often find myself going I'm bored, which seems a bit ENTPish considering how we pursue many interests and are always trying to...
Does that mean when two individuals with low ranking Fe get together that they can tune in on the other's emotional wellbeing before they know of their own?  Just thought of my ISTP and how even...
I don't always use outdated English terms, though on occasion I throw a couple in because I feel like it. When I speak, I use words that are often used in writing and hardly ever spoken. People...
Caffeine and benzodiazepines are my drugs of choice. Not really for highs or anything, but just to regulate my sleep/wake pattern. I will not be surprised if I do end up abusing these drugs at some...'"


2794: 'http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2894/9050863632_5cfb00eb5c_z.jpg Winter is Coming. by geniusdexter, on Flickr
A lot of people (especially the young ones) take love very seriously to the point where they attention and energy are totally directed towards it, while actually there are a lot of important matters...
Now, where's the pen that I borrowed from you before we have this 3 hours of intellectually stimulating conversation?
My tendency of not sticking with the plan I've created for thousands of hours.
As oxymoronic as it sounds, I am a pretty much religious ENTP, and to top it off, I'm a muslim. Lol.  Hmmm, religion is one of the things that keep me sane (aside from video games and chocolate...
http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8109/8502712067_e1728e4498_z.jpg The Rebelles! by geniusdexter, on Flickr
http://distilleryimage1.s3.amazonaws.com/dfadc0dc1b4411e28ca012313804a021_7.jpg
Men are inherently evil.
It's nice to see the world in black and white every now and then. :)  http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8282/7819939014_9ba0b2894a_z.jpg Bakrie Tower. by geniusdexter, on Flickr ...
http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8283/7762642414_dbd4d0e6b7_z.jpg Retina Macbook Pro #1. by geniusdexter, on Flickr
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDiN92JjqDg  a masterpiece, this one.
His ooh, flowers! is an evident use of Ne :P Anyway, regardless of his type, tobuscus is super awesome, and I'm a huge fan of him :)
Let's have an ENTP photo barrage! :P  http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7184/6859675419_53b5164582_z.jpg Bloodthirsty. by geniusdexter, on Flickr ...
Ah, after a really looooooong time of contemplating (obvious Ti use there), and digesting information (Ne), I'm now pretty much convinced that I'm an ENTP. Since my Ne dominates my contemplation all...
http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7166/6789650175_76ff7d4ef9_z.jpg Trinity College by geniusdexter, on Flickr
DIZ IZ DA POWAR OF SINGLIZZZ   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIW8WfqoJUA  Can't really say anything about the vid, you have to watch it yourself.
1. The end DOES justify the means. Our moral compass could be bent whenever necessary. 2. Computers would outsmart humans if they had the decision-making ability.
http://thinknice.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/crazy-pregnant.jpg  show me a bionic cowboy.
I shall show ye yet another new photo:  https://p.twimg.com/AY_VutsCQAAI06u.jpg  What do thou think?
The Old Republic pisses me off.  Bioware, why don't you make KOTOR 3? WHYYYYY????
An INTP-doubting-his-INTPness-instead-thinking-he-is-an-ENTP here.  I love every story driven action/rpg games, and here's my pick:  -Mass Effect (1&2) - man, I really love the story, it's...
I think he's pretty much an ESTP, despite the fact that he's quite ADD. But, SPs could also be an ADD.
Not really an opinion, but quite safe to say that this is unpopular:  I have a fetish for socialism and (probably) communism. Those two turn me on.
http://i279.photobucket.com/albums/kk144/geniusdexter/scan0002.jpg  here my advertisement-ish picture. Made this one for drawing assignment my arts teacher gave me. It's not finished though. Any...
Whoaa! You gotta tell me how to make the color stand out! :tongue:
Another one, and this time, I'll make it simple by stating this:  Unity through order, order through oppression. And by which, we shall thrive.
viable alternatives like?
Zooey Deschanel is not that beautiful.     Then science could not go further.
Good. I speak math.
Does anyone know about tobuscus?
Communism is sexy, just look at this picture:  http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/original/000/111/417/1e2i.jpg?1301932153  ...and also full of grammar mistakes.
I disagree. There are lots of things which are more dangerous than eating McDonalds. And yes, democracy sucks. But unfortunately, it's really hard to find good people these days.    I'm not a...
Indeed.    Really? Has the news already surfaced? Or, is it just a rumor? It's quite intriguing how they could endure the time. I mean it's been centuries from the crusades.    We, my...
Good point, but somehow, I abhor the fact that to live in the world consisting of countries is better. People should be bound to rules, and there should be total obedience that follows after....
Good god, what an answer. I'm really pleased. But looks like my doubt about my INTP-ness has been like a cycle; because I'm beginning to question it again now. Dang it. :tongue: Maybe this is...
Here're mine.  1. Euthanasia should be legalized. 2. Death sentence should be legalized also. An eye for an eye, bro. 3. I share a bit of the templars' view. That the world should be ruled under...
http://img844.imageshack.us/img844/9637/danbo.png
http://i279.photobucket.com/albums/kk144/geniusdexter/scan0001.jpg  Although it's not in english, I know you guys would throw up :P
I could be the That's Illogical one.  *10 seconds later...* But that's illogical! :angry:   :tongue::tongue::tongue:
hahahaha, thanks!
Mace Windu enters the drunk mode.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAiLxY4Czxs  SHUT THE F UP! ....Young Skywalker.
Oh, an NTP brethren! :happy:  p-p-pool of chocolate! Gimme, gimme! Me likey, me wanty. Yup, am not really sure about that though, that's why I intended to retake the test, but then my p-ness got...
indeed it is.
No, I'm a teenager too! But I love product photography :D 1000D? 70-300? Dang it. Note to self, never underestimate canon :P It's the man behind the 'gun' that really matters :P  Go for the 5D MK...
Valdyr Good lord, your photos are amazing! What camera & lens did you use?  Anyway, here's mine:  http://i279.photobucket.com/albums/kk144/geniusdexter/Coca-Cola.jpg ...
What kind of camera do you want? A so-so digital camera, a bulky DSLR, or a prosumer? And miss, how much would you spend?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SenbXX0Lkb4  Dang it, I want to save the world now.
Since when INTPs do something life-threatening? :tongue: but indeed, sometimes we do stupid things.    Hahahahaha! I know it! My mom's an ISTJ and she's gone banana with my super laidback...
Pedobear is as legendary as rickroll.
So, no chocolate then?'"


2795: 'Hey, guys, hope you are all doing well. If the title gauged your attention, then I hope you can contribute to providing your experience or insight in addressing an issue I've been wrestling with for...
I am impressed, I may bug you with more questions later. I booked my holiday off work in 2 weeks for a month and I want to spend just one week to go all out. I've this idea from those 10 day...
Linkzelda , I am curious to your nootropic usage:  a) how long have you been using them? b) what is your sleep experience like? c) how do they contribute to your streaming quality? d) do you...
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL!!! that post made my day
I appreciate your patience and I do apologies if I came across brutish.
Same, it may be due to high libido. I can manage now because I've learnt to control my PC muscles and orgasm without cumming. Thus no semen loss but I get the health benefits of an orgasm
dude I was punching walls out of rage since a kid. Not much has changed, I make pilgrim to the gym and take my load out on the bag. Then I preceed to push as heavy as i can go on weights. Then come...
Mike, well done on the nofap bro! Retaining sperm seems to help with IMS personally. Also, I used to watch a lot of porn, and it fucked me up when it came to the real thing because my brain was...
Seems neurotic but I think Linkzelda can do a much better job at giving advice and point things out with regards to the self. I slip up and fall in those negative thought loops, especially when over...
World Dream Bank: The Outsiders < you may feel like this?  The I.Q score was to make a point but the increase was actually 15 points
creepy anti-social? first time hearing that from an ENTP. btw IMS made me quite reclusive which resulted in antisocial behaviour and loner like attitude. In general picking up social skills is just...
with a professional test, it is timed and answers are needed in real time. He did make a comment on how my I.Q is harder to measure because my ADHD pops up and fucks up the performance. The only test...
Lol the hot chick part got me creasin hard >.< Tbh bro pulling a hot chick is fucking difficult but not impossible. Try learning pick up and game to improve your skills and after two years you reach...
I got them all right, had to re-enter Q14 again because it was a slide tackle of a question. These questions are quite interesting because the difficulties require you to put them of for a few mins...
Just took a skim at the questions, thought i'd leave a teaser for this group :D the answer is: 8124(*) good luck ;)   13, 927, (?), 7292187  clue: 3*    I'll answer the questionnaire when I...
Haha, appreciate the honesty. Well, I done an experiement which you may find interesting. I took a test from IQexams(website) and I spend an entire month streaming for 3 hours daily with optimal...
Yh i did soundlike an asshole there, I could've articulated better. Sorry
I don't mean to be hostile here. It appears you just summerized the works of Howard Gardner, and called it off as neuroscience. I don't disagree with what you are saying in terms of what is observed...
Going to keep things brief:  a) It is not only my experience but also those who have used the varient I created too early have have experienced a degree of psychosis. b) Yes I was speaking to the...
Mutiple intelligence theory appeals to egalitarian sentiments or even post modernist who want to promote feel goodism to those who do not score high on an I.Q test. Measurements of abstractual...
Mania comes from over stimulation. Intellectual exercise=stimulation. Entps/Intps should know all to well about the mental pleasure that comes from sharing ideas and conversing in an intelletual...
I love your response man :D soo jokes
Serious question. Is IMS the doorway to schizophrenia?   My personal experience: 1) different modes of thought 2) derealization 3) onset of mania  Observation of streamers: 1) loads of jargon and...
Believe me, I know full well on how it feels to be in the intense detached states induced my long term streaming. That said, I take perioidic breaks to re-assimilate myself. The main reason why I...
I am sure human growth hormones contribute to the growth of organs whilst testostrone aids in protein synthesis  :l doubt organs can grow lol
has anyone achieved an I.Q of 180+ yet? or measured an increase? seriously though i'm curious to whether there are any objective measures taken place.  Quick IMS secret guys. To stream for longer...
Grammar dude :l  Its been my experience that alternative forms of streaming are counter productive in the long run and are not sustainable in terms of cultivating a mental space. IMS appears to be...
are you a scientologist?
Its funny you say that, the more vivid I try to make the image and the more I try describe with depths two things occur 1)  thoughts become more assimilated in clarity 2) the level of awareness...
Nice, very thorough response and I can see your levels of abstraction has increased. I need two things, 1) provide further reading so I can expand my understand and fill in gaps in understanding 2)...
Yes some people can work hard towards something, I on the other hand need something chasing me for motivation. Sadly, aspiring towards something does not work on me, so I have to use negative...
I'm serious dude, ever since I started IMS I stopped putting much effort into my education but got better grades. I went from waking up at 5 am to revise, to cramming 40 mins before an exam. Barely...
Adult Intellectual Development  AndyC, can you have a look at the article link I posted above. I want to get your thoughts on the developmental nature of intelligence and whether you experience any...
Whilst there is a number of theoretical explanation to why, here are a few practice measures:  1) Try enter into a very relaxed state. I have observed repetitive images pop up when I am under mild...
testing
Streaming has finally been ingrained to the point I stream every waking moment. Running multiple projects, I sleep 4-6 hours and 8 hours on the weekends. Now streaming has become a knee jerk reaction...
I.Q is insufficient to measure overall intelligence, if you've been following we have moved past that. We have also discussed the idiot nature of throwing the baby out with bath tub in terms of...
Anyone ones to comment their thoughts on the relation between the increase in I.Q and the scatter between abilities. The higher your I.Q the more scatter between areas of competence(linguistic,...
Linkzelda I simply stay away from any form of medication or pills as much as possible. Your second point was closer to my approach and that is self-reliance and what you owe yourself to. Control what...
Linkzelda I simply stay away from any form of medication or pills as much as possible. Your second point was closer to my approach and that is self-reliance and what you owe yourself to. Control what...
Linkzelda I simply stay away from any form of medication or pills as much as possible. Your second point was closer to my approach and that is self-reliance and what you owe yourself to. Control what...
Hmm I think your questions are better answered if you do research on the psychology of intelligence and its development.
Nutrition is something I can certainly work along with supplements. I guess I have a lot of wishful think in terms of operation on little food and hours of IMS....  Is/QWs certainly does utilize a...
I am in awe with regards to how much mental endurance you have. I am pure natty mentally so I take no cognitive enhancements, but I will try to take my sessions upto two hours. I will do 30-40mins of...
I've experienced a nightmarish amount of encounters with the are you sure about that voice, especially when I was a kid and I had a lot of brain fog which would mean I would have to sit with the...
So you are an Entp 8w7? That Alexander the Great narcissism is not too hard to spot ;)  I've dabbled in utilising all shadow functions, specifically Te and Ni but I'm curious on how you went about...
Interesting, i have observed that the questions in which I fail on..I take a step back and use TI. It obvious that those questions are beyond my grasp and it is in no fault of Ti usage. However my...
Lol so you don't just scan the question and get the answer intuitively? Seems like you are a good I.Q test taker
Weird, I think it is an Ne-Ti thing, but I went through a similar process of problem solving. Did you have to take a step back and use Ti, or was the answer more of an Ne burst insight where the...
what's the ceiling on the test? didn't take too long(under 2mins), the cancelling out should leave a dotted line and a triangle at the end(Ne). Then a process of elimination (Ti)'"


2801: 'A simplistic MBTI definition of it: Intuition refers to how people process data. Intuitive people focus on the future and the possibilities. They process information through patterns and...
Anyway, I am not against holistic if it is balanced and reasonable. Holistic makes sense from even a scientific sense in looking at the body as a system with many parts that if one is off, the rest...
Healthy living is one thing. I believe balance and moderation are key and you are what you eat. You will feel better physically eating an apple than eating an oreo (yet your brain decides the Oreo...
Tell that to my ISTJ husband or my ESFJ mom. My husband is a person with a master degree and works as an architect and is very well learned. My mom is exceptionally well read, into complicated social...
I would believe that it has more to do with what is appropriate in their culture and what is being allowed to be shown. In other words, even an extrovert in those Nordic countries would be more...
An INFJ brought up whether there are natural subscribing ENTPs or ones that believe in conspiracy theories, which made me think. Although I am open to any theory and actually find them very...
We're all over the place with many different interest so I don't think you can pin us down. Like desire said, it's more chance. Also, chances are you will meet an ESTP that you will swear is an ENTP...
I would say it is rare someone intimidates me even people that should. I used to work with a senior level director who intimidated most people. People tended to bend to him because he was intelligent...
I miss my kitties. I had a cat I had since college die about 6 years ago and I had to give up my other cat because my son was allergic and we could not get his GERD controlled. He seems to be doing...
I am not talking about your thoughts about the age gap. The younger person rarely sees the age gap as an issue because they think of themselves older than what they appear to an older person. To the...
OMG, Seriously that is the most horrifying thing I have ever seen!
That does not do anything for me desire machine but I can see how it would. Now, if they had a picture of Tom Hiddleston in that amount of undress, it would definitely do something for me.
Although I don't think submissive-dominant really defines many relationships. I would say relationships (no matter what the orientations are) tend to fluctuate who is dominant or submissive depending...
I tell you, we are (almost) always on the same wavelength.
I agree. I think if you are bi/gay/or straight, once you have found someone that you want to be monogamous with, I don't think it is repression to be with them. You focus your love, attention, sex on...
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that ENTP and MBTI in general do not shape sexuality or the type of relationships that satisfy you. I think the only thing that is the difference between...
I honestly think there isn't a downsize in general. The only issue is if we are regularly being taken advantage of; however, we aren't easily hoodwinked either when it is important. We just don't...
I find I almost use Si to recall how someone reacted before along with my Fe as I have gotten older. At least in my case, I usually am surprised when someone gets upset about something I would never...
We usually are. It's hard to be pessimistic when we don't see much as a failure (because we never had expectations for something to go a certain way in the first place), don't dwell on the past,...
I really should watch that show some time (although I have a queue of about 12 shows I need to see). I've had about 5 people tell me I need to see it. One of my drillers (who I talk geek shows with...
I have a few thoughts about this in my experience being married to an xSTJ for 14 years and seeing some friends xSTJs in marriages with NPs. These are things that have been issues between our...
Ok. I'm a little unclear. Are you in a relationship with an ENTP or do you want to be? I'm married to an ISTJ and have seen an ESTJ woman's relationship issues with an ENxP so I have a clue. The...
I subscribe to the Girl Scout idea to Leave the place better than you found it meaning I am not a huge fan of serendipity and some nebulas meaning of life but feel it is up to me to create my own...
I think there was a movie that already addressed this. You must choose the blue pill or the red one.
desire machine you've brought this up before and I didn't quite exactly got what you mean but I get it now. I understood in the concept that we have the same conscious functions as an xSFJ and...
It is interesting how it seems to affect people. My mom has addictive behaviors. She was a smoker for years (2-3 packs a day). However, like a good ESFJ, when the doctor basically told her she had a...
I'm not saying (and neither is the cognitive function theories) that you only use the four functions in your stack. They are stacked in the preference you tend to use them and some tend only to come...
As a parent, I am truly empathetic (a rare thing for someone such as myself). It pains me to think about being in the same situation with my own kids and can't really imagine how you guys are dealing...
It is so hard because meds keep the patient sane and functional but tend to make them so neutral that they aren't like themselves. What do you do though. You are between a rock and a hard place. I...
Fueled, psychology is very relative and we all show symptoms of many different psychological conditions. It isn't a science so that is part of it. I got my head ripped off by people on here who are...
I am wondering though, again, I believe you also are an older ENTP on here who was a younger child during the 80s, not the 1990s when ADHD became a popular diagnoses (hence why they called it...
I don't doubt Se tends to affect Sensors the same way as Ne affects us. Based on what you are saying, that sounds like Ne. Physically noticing something is not necessarily Se, the meandering thoughts...
Now that Orphan Black is gone and I can't get my clone fix, I'll guess this will do:  Sarah-ESTP impulsive, unsettled, thrill-seeking. When she runs off to be alone, she goes to clubs to meet...
I think someone described it ENTPs are looking for the win/win solution, not the win/lose.
I think it is our not as developed Si when that happens. My ISTJ husband is leading Si and it is an extremely common thing for him to do. I find it is when his poorly developed Ne (in the same...
In a way it is P (because that ties to the extroverted function) but really it is the Ne in your secondary position that gets you (the emotional sensitivity is your leading Fi). Ne is the function...
You, like me, are on the older side for ADHD's popularity (BTW, hyperactive is what they called most kids with mild ADHD, those kids tend to be put on meds now). It really was starting 1990 when the...
I would suggest looking at posts from women in the ENTP and ESTP forums and seeing who seems to be more your thought process. The descriptions for both tend to be written assuming the ExTP is a male....
I've worked with my boss for 17 years (at two different companies). He already knows how I work so me saying that I have ADHD all of a sudden would not be much of a benefit.
I just wonder how a doctor would diagnose it. I seems, when I was a child, they tended not to diagnose unless it was causing major issues with normal every day functions. As long as the kid was...
I think it is Ne-Ti, and not Fe at all that says it's fine for the Fi-dom to go. We very much think of people as individuals, meaning that everyone can do what they want and one person's wants should...
I am right there with you. I would look that someone else would deal with them first. I'm not an ESFJ. I'm just saying that I would notice them regardless if I really wanted to deal with them and if...
I don't do anything that I don't want to do....period. That's something that parents of ENTPs find out early and usually frustrate the heck of them.  The thing is want is relative. Most of the...
Fe in an ENTP tends to manifest one of two ways, either we are recognizing other people's emotions and reacting to them (often in a logical way) or it is having the moods of other people dictating my...
Really, ENTPs being competitive? That list is ridiculous. I think there is a thread on here about being competitive and based on the responses, very few ENTPs are competitive with other people (and...
This list is just a pile of stereotypes (and actually not very accurate stereotypes because they could apply to several MBTIs and some don't really apply to ENTPs-like stealing other people's jobs-we...
My husband being a xSTJ tends to focus on respect over the mushy-ness of love. He sees it as me not respecting him when I go against something he wants or forgets to do something he really wanted me...
Yep. For some reason empty water glasses with not a drop of condensation could hurt the wood :) The ending of that fight with could you do it because you love me and it would make me happy though...
Man, there is not much of a honeymoon phase between an SJ and NP but if you have similar ideas and values, it is exactly how Fueled describes it, you pick up each other's slack. I think other types...
Fueled, us and our SJ loves. We must be a gluttony for punishment but I am sure our SJs would definitely say they got the raw end of the deal.'"


2803: '479/749/947 is pretty accurate
I'm seeing a few peoples avatar's but not others , and I can see my own
ladykaizoku   Yup
entp
yes
yes
definitely accurate
i think this is a great idea
of course
intj
infp
Ti
intj
intp
enfp
istp   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_OfmgQyI5E
intp    https://youtu.be/rgdGy9tlZKk
enfp
Why  has my name reverted back to my previous one after it had recently just been change?
intp
the voices
of course
intp   https://youtu.be/CtKk3aY2YSo
intp   https://youtu.be/PAGUBFbblgA
infp
istp   https://youtu.be/wD2qDVmqyfk
intp   https://youtu.be/uelHwf8o7_U
could be
yes
infp I actually wasn't being defensive, there's  actually only one person who can make me blush
makes sense
Entp and no you didn't make me blush
INFP George Smiley (Tinker,tailor,soldier,spy) Gregory House (House M.D) James Bond     (James Bond movie series) Dexter Morgan (Dexter) Captain Kirk     (Star trek)
Could you Change my name to  George Smiley Please and thank you
intp   https://youtu.be/2_3k-sSrFdc
istp   https://youtu.be/D4I3w3lZX24
of course
infj   https://youtu.be/qeM1ejuaeeE
intp   https://youtu.be/knqx4kzeJxM
I doubt you could get anyone anywhere to go along with this ,and I doubt it would work, to enforce this the country would literally have to become a military state and what would you do to those who...
Fi
definitely fits
intp
Ni
yes
infp
Entp   https://youtu.be/X69P_Vce9vw?list=PLlDAes-UzNWcvB--1C42F-d4k4ma9L92K
infp'"


2806: 'Thanks so much everyone, this cleared up a lot. :proud:
I have heard of both- but ENTP's shadow is not INFJ. It's INTJ. Isn't it? So what's with that?
This is kind of a random thread, and I don't really know where its going, but I would appreciate your thoughts.  I find that people, very often, flip types entirely depending on situation. I also...
Dad: INFP Mum: ESTJ most likely  Childhood was weird and crazy and fun. Totally didn't get them, they totally didn't get me, but that really did make it interesting. You can't choose family, but...
Yup, the Joker sounds about right. I can relate- I would totally dress up my henchmen in matching makeup so they look just like me. But not as good-looking. Like, channeling my vibe, but not stealing...
Environments. For example, a rainy day in the city with wet concrete and musty smelling air may remind me of my grandmother. I dunno, just an example. But something like that- its the strongest...
Personally, I call myself an anti-villain. But to each his own, I guess. :wink:
1) I think I'd be fine for a little while, I could take it for a few days, max. Then I'd just go downhill from there. 2) I don't think any type could outdo any other in this scenario. I think it...
Tbh, since astrology is not scientifically based, I don't think there would be much of a correlation. That being said, I am an ENTP Taurus.
ENTP Hero: Upbeat and friendly, but under the surface a bit manipulative and shady. Prone to whining and snarkiness, but ready to step up when the situation demands it. A very cerebrally oriented...
Why not embrace confusion?
Flaming Bassoon:  ESFP
Why bother to bother if you do not like being bothered?
Why take this so personally?
Why not. :wink:
Lol, I flirt for fun, but if I'm serious and really like some one:  1) Deny, deny, deny. (anyone get my reference by chance...?) 2) Deny a little more. 3) Admit at the pressure of ENTJ friend....
More like:  What the fuck are you doing? Translated: I'm in. Move aside, so I can hijack, I mean collaborate.
This right here is why I appreciate INFJs. You guys are dope-tacular.
Thine horrid image doth unfix my hair.  Also:   Demetrius: Villain, what hast thou done? Aaron: That which thou canst not undo. Chiron: Thou hast undone our mother. Aaron: Villain, I have...
Why say harder than it sounds, when the correct phrase would be harder than it reads?
Lol, I'm ENTP, but apparently I'm unique amongst my type for actually taking joy in dressing up. I treat fashion as an artistic experiment- Fun, personal, and malleable.
Honestly, I think it depends on what you consider charming.
Flynn Rider.     That is all.     :)
ENTP- Pottermore typed me as Slytherin. Didn't see it coming, I thought Ravenclaw too. But it makes sense the more I think about it. I'd say that MBTI doesn't necessarily have a consistent...
Sometimes, I question my sanity and ability for true empathy. (Not sarcastically).
When I was a kid, I was generally accepted as one of the guys. But in reality, I am a closet girly-girl. I've learned to accept myself as what I am: a weird little tomboy with a feminine streak. Or...
Also, I went off of Emerson's writing style, so that may not be very accurate :blushed:
They just strike me that way. Sorry :confused: no big in depth explanation. I tend to type by experience (comparing to people I know or have known of that type). I'll think more into it for you...
I always felt like Four was INFJ.... I dunno though. :confused:
Emerson- INFP Hiddleston- ENFP Lana del Rey- INFJ Adele- ESFP   Just guessing here :)
I'm absolutely terrible at typing fictional characters (I can never decide...) Help!!! I haven't seen any threads on this yet, so......  Here are some to get the ball rolling:  Hamlet- INFP or...
ae1905   I kinda wanted to join in on the criticism, but I'm highly allergic to ENFJ waterworks...
Lol, sounds like a prick. Have fun. :laughing:
I like ENFPs because they don't mind my craziness. We can be crazy together. They are honest and sincere. They are full of enthusiasm and there is nothing I find more addicting in a person. They are...
To me at least, you seem more Ni than Si. Either way, your friend is the opposite.  In my experience, ESFJs and ENFJs are people oriented, but if I had to guess, I'd say the ESFJ is your friend, and...
I dunno, you're still sounding like me.... lol, but ENTPs are like all types: they vary. I am ENTP and enneagram 3. ENTPs are considered the most introverted of the extrovert types, I for one swing...
ISFPs are practical, efficient, fairly withdrawn, and need their space. So if you are looking to pick on him, get in his space. Boss him around, push him around. Be the boss, belittle him (they hate...
Like the above posters, I'd fairly confidently say ENFP.
INFPs can be creative in lots of different ways. I know INFPs that are visual artists (oil painting),writers, and even tech/AV crew (behind the scenes in theatre.) I wouldn't rule out INFP just...
I agree with the above, you remind me of an INFP family member of mine- scarily so!  I'd pretty confidently say INFP.
I'd say ENTP, mostly because you remind me of myself, lol. :tongue: Any particular reason towards your considering INTP?
Also, your dislike of conflict and arguments is very ENFJ. ENFJs dislike the negativity of disagreements of any kind. Ex: and an ENFJ sibling of mine has to actually get up and leave the room...
Edit: Your don't want to bother others attitude again, strikes me as very ENFJ.  http://www.personalitypage.com/ENFJ.html  It's natural to their personality type that they will tend to place...
You remind me of an ENFJ I know. Do you repress thoughts and emotions for other people, or for yourself? ENFJs are often very willing to make sacrifices for the greater good and to preserve the...
I can be very cold and calculating when: 1) I need to be to get things done. 2) I am angry with, or have otherwise been led to dislike, you. 3) That time of the month.   I can also be truly and...
Yes, so true :laughing:  Those ENTJs need to make some better rules, otherwise they need to stop yelling at me for not following them.
ENTP- Money. Money is always a safe bet. :tongue:
I'm an extrovert, and I've always loved introverts- they just need to have space sometimes.  Also, the internet is a venue open to both the intelligent and the... not so much. And most...
I guess they are both pretty emotionally manipulatable. I'm always around INFJs (they are the rarest type, too. Wouldn't have thought so, considering how many I know.) I find that if I connect with...
I know identical twins who are both ISTJ. They are, however, the only twins I know, so it may just be coincidental.'"


2822: 'http://kevan.org/johari?name=gia+:3  http://kevan.org/johari?name=Gia%20:3  Pasting these here :)
Tired as fuck
Our high school offered AP studio art
As much as I want to continue playing mafia non-stop, I mentally wouldn't be able to handle it. :sad:
His is probably the funniest thing I've read all day [emoji23]
It is so much easier to be autonomous. Despite the constant bickering I cause, it doesn't feel like damage control, or rather feeling obligated to maintain a good atmosphere with others. You'd also...
Long posts and how I'm not inclined to type them out. I have plenty of thoughts, but I tend to lose interest in writing/talking about them. It's almost a safeguard. I have an appreciation for the...
The one day I had off this week is over. [emoji33]
I think I'll try on ixtp.....
Yay it is! Back to not posting here ^_^
Is perC working again?
I'm perCing less :(
I've seen you elsewhere
Had to post here to see their name^
Just keep swimming
*is lurking*
No.
Watchitfortheplot
Pizza
Tfw trying to type myself
What is it?
My dad killed it <3  Cool! I dare you to damage your computer with viruses.
There's a spider on my wall. I'm so scared I flinched when my charger moved a bit >.>
Yuuup Im burning myself out. I still can't find the cause
Random obligatory mention blakjak02
Mental pain. I'd say I have/have had a higher mental pain tolerance, but once it collapses, I go nuts.
>.> I want somebody to hold me tonight....
Offer me your soul and I'll help you get the love of eternities ,':)
Cannot tell if hallucinations or at one point vivid dreaming. >.> All I know is that I felt like it was a movie breaking the fourth wall.
Hahahahaha
O.o my old manager has been calling me for the past two days
This one made me laugh the most, at first I was like ugh video but then I saw it lol.    This is going to my poly-sci class XD     These two are going to the first half of my friends lol...
So.shipped
This one: [emoji848] it's in the iPhone emojis
Thin mints are the best, which is why they should be true nuetral [emoji56]
Hahaha I was more concerned about spelling your name wrong ;)
This: ,':|  I stole it from hawkataine   Comma-apostrophe-colon l or whatever the other line is that looks like an l. Lol
Whew  *sweatdrop*
XD I'll never be curious again
Also where's fartface
Hehehe did you have a name change a while back?
I didn't finish finding nemo...
Well I'm sorry you don't like: https://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170425/e33090828e5b6a448149e54abc6ba81e.jpg  Also inb4 dick game on fire joke! [emoji56]
I would die if my brother did
Meh
I am in pain
As of late, when I get stressed I start to hear and see things.....
I just have to accept that my dad wants to be social tonight. [emoji31]
You get to be my favorite infp!
I woke up on the nervous side today...'"


2835: 'Just say no.
I think it depends on tonality; however, if you felt scared, I would listen to that.
I hope you curbstomped the jerk. That's terrible.   Not for nothing, they sound like an ESTP, at least very similar to the ones I've known. If nothing else they definitely sound like a toxic ass.
Yeah. Gotcha.:)
Who likes shitty one sided relationships?  Sounds like you're trying to figure out how the relationship is relevant to past and future relationships in order to get some gain off a shit situation.
One guy lured me out with jokes about jetpacks.
Honestly? The odds of finding one in the wild decrease as technology makes it easier to never leave the house. You are much more likely to find one online and lure it out to a neutral location to...
Hmm good point. I'm honestly not sure. I mean, outside work the only times I really leave the house are when I have a social obligation (read:friend dragged me out) I'm hungry, or there's some thing...
Honestly, since I bought my kindle and many of the bookstores closed, (not at the same time, I swear) I have really reduced my time spent in  bookstores and libraries. I still go to coffee shops,...
Amazon hasn't made their delivery instant enough yet for physical books. And Kindles are still new. Also when you are addicted to books you tend to go where they live. Not everyone's lair is optimal.
This weekend, you would have found me at a geeky traveling exhibit with my best friends(INFJ & INFP). Though generally when I do leave the house, it's at the suggestion of my best  INFJ. I spend a...
You may wind up with far too much firsthand experience of the awfulness of people, particularly all of them. Then spend six months or more feeling even more alone and apathetic (if you don't move...
Fair enough.
Are you trying to say that INTPs are, via the internet, more susceptible to the Matrix/hive mind? Or are cyborgs?  Sent from my SAMSUNG-SM-G730A using Tapatalk now Free
...and having believed the adage, promptly crashed into a tree.   Sent from my SAMSUNG-SM-G730A using Tapatalk now Free
It's important to bring pen and paper, but you cannot underestimate the utility of napkins and cutlery. Useful for eating, stirring coffee, carving rudimentary diagrams etc. And napkins can be used...
In my experience a funny joke or picture is a great low pressure way to start. It releases both people from having to do the really boring inane small talk dance and get right back to being awesome.
@Janette Establish positive experiences and patterns and know that generally, wandering INTPs find their way back to you. Especially when you keep the door open for them. It may take a while for an...
Acting/Singing/Performing is just a natural extension of all the mirroring/hiding in plain sight I do on a day to day basis. I used to do a lot of it growing up, (don't ask me to dance though,...
I drink about one cup of coffee a day to keep away the caffeine headache monster. I no longer recall why other than to keep away the monster and a tiny bit of enhanced coherence in the morning. I...
Clearly they merged together into a super unified being. They're probably floating in space contemplating the cosmos and this last message is the echo from their psychic-wifi before their uniqueness...
In the vein of Dog Days... hmm maybe P!nk's F**kin' Perfect. Also pretty much the entire soundtrack to Prince of Egypt, especially Deliver Us and If you believe, but the vocals and instrumentation on...
I tend to cry whenever I hear Florence and the Machine Dog Days are Over. And during epic movie trailers and movies. It's like a perfect moment of sound can just evoke this powerful moment and...
I think that the desire of the INTP for more friends is not necessarily a desire to be extroverted but rather dismay that most people are not more interesting to them. When I was younger I tried to...
Maybe have also have questions like describe x (a concrete physical item) and y (an abstract principle).
The following is really just spit balled Ne explosion ideas and I apologise for getting my Ne all over your beautiful Ni. Because it is wonderful and I love it.   Do you think that subject...
This is quite cool. I'm just wondering if there is a reference/map to what we are presuming the various 'clock' positions signify? Like which eye movements are related to external stimuli and which...
Actually, I started using emoticons and attempting to smile because many of the Fs in my life kept leaving feeling bruised and pissy after speaking/txting with me. They thought I was mad or...
Sometimes I wish we had emoticons in real life... then I realize that we have this thing called facial expressions. Not sure it is worth it. :)
I'm not an F anything and I feel that the tone of her post was fairly aggressive than what was called for. It's not a matter of disagreement or agreement, rather I feel that the way it was worded was...
I'll just go with my original point which is that just in terms of pure language and semantics, that is not the definition of a snob. Particularly absent the social context of the action. I guess I...
I guess I don't know where the idea that INFJs think the sun shines out of their asses is coming from? Because I don't think that most INFJs subscribe to that notion. Other types and other people...
I know this is really late to the party and I'm glad things are going better with your mom, but from what you've reported of her behavior and my own experiences with an ISFJ mom and an INFJ best...
If the INFJ is at all snobbish (which I don't agree with) it is only to their benefit. Why should the INFJ be unselective and open themselves up to all sorts? Given that they are Ni major, this is...
Maybe it also has to do with the personalities of the people you are around. Multi variable interactions?
Yeah, not awesome at all.
Do you ever feel like it is hard to find someone because your outer persona, the INTP ability to mirror, doesn't match your inner life where you would interact with a SO? Because the people I can...
My last boyfriend was an ISTP. Our breakup was weird too. I think ISTPs are confusing because I think we're connecting and I eventually realize that there is no communication happening. We broke up...
I think it is the lack of smiling. I have to consciously make myself smile. Otherwise I default to intense thoughts face.
My problem is that when I do see people I don't know how to meet them, and having met them how to become friends with them (or more) without coming across too intensely. Are there guys out there...
I finally joined a dating site. It is driving me crazy. At least on the dating site, I'm pretty sure when people want to talk to me it is with amorous intent.
I'm surrounded by Fs (both SF and NF) and it can be exhausting. How do you pull out of a death spiral exactly? I'm so tired. Ideas?'"


2845: 'I thought personality cafe had a rate my pic thread somewhere
Well people in my area dont use dating sites a lot so i must use the best one , i use mostly tinder
656906 656914 656922
From real life experience:  ESFJ- is a social butterfly talks to everybody ENFJ- the same   ENTP- behaves like ESFP often doing something crazy and embarrassing for fun ENFP- makes friends with...
because like everything in humans , the ideal male is 50% hardwired(genes) in women and 50% a societal construct, probably because for thousands of years warrior personalities were the most...
normal extrovertsion criteria don't apply to ntps since they are not social people.
Meanwhile here I am wishing to be a J ,Seriously we live in a J world why would someone want to be P
I will use whole sentences or phrases instead.  ENTP- But this is the way you should behave, you should care more about your image ENFP- But what you are saying is illogical , you are...
First of all maybe you are INFP? That would explain why youre getting so pissed at the SJ thinking.
The only real way you can understand how MBTI works , is by going outside and meeting new people typing them in the process.That is the only way because MBTI theory is still very incomplete as it is...
What do you mean ? Ofc If I understood correctly what youre saying , I think that the positives outweight the the negatives in ENTPs.The reason I focused on the negatives was because the only way to...
You missed completely my intention , I don't care what other people think of me (at least not so much ), the reason why I created this thread is because I wanted to stop that intuitive circlejerk ...
It depends on how much extraverted/introverted is the person.ENxPs are the most introverted extroverts so id say that they are the most introspective also.
Yes but still in the end they always do badass things and they always win.A  good always prevails kind of thing
Guys what are you talking about , they are both extraverted sensors.  Nick isnt ENTP , he is a con-artist goddamnit lol he is ESTP Judy is not a J she Is too spontaneous.She has a dream and tries...
The protagonist from Sword art online is INFP and badass.What is with INFPs and anime anyway?Why is every INFP in anime always so badass and so respected and loved ? I like most INFPs I have met but...
Also my point was to criticize each N type separately. N types are too different to be seen as a group with certain common characteristics, the only common things they have among each other is ...
INFPs are the best listeners , ENFPs & INTPs are the worst listeners.
xNFJ: These ppl are prone to imagine stuff then believe that its the truth and teach it to others.The lack of critical thnking involved in this process makes them prone to destroy the world without...
Since everywhere here  we see about the positive qualities of Ns and the negative qualities of Sensors ,I would like to create a post to balance out the situation.  So let me start with my type...
You are talking about ESTJs there lol
The ENTJ ofc , the most manipulative type ever.
Considering tha the core of personality type is genetic , how did it evolve and at what type of environment.? Of course we can only speculate.  let me start with my type  ENTPs: (things that...
ESxPs laugh with physical things , like when someone is slapped or when someone trips and looks funny.They also have the most aggressive humour of all types.  ENTPs make and like jokes that are...
I have seen that pairing a lot , but only in friendships never seen romantic relationship between those two (extravert+ extravert = rare) ,also ESTJ + ESFP is pretty common in friendships
To those who are good at typing others irl , what are the most common parings you have seen? I mean both in friendships and relationships.Me:  ESFJ -ISFP pretty common ESFJ-INFP also pretty common...
I dont know what superpowers you have , but it is not obvious at all if someone is Fe dom through the forum.You have to actually see them in real life and how they behave with other people and how...
The arts are dominated by sensors especially arts like acting, music ,dancing ...i think you can find a crazy amount of xSFPs there.
lol how did you start dating in the first place.I mean there must have been some initial dislike between you if she is unhealthy isfj
ISFJs come at 2 flavours: -The Fe ISFJ, this is the type that is cute and loving/caring ,they are/look genuine in their use of Fe, and typically are very warm hearted individuals  -Th Si-Ti type ,...
I dont think you know what Ne is actually, it is not about believing that every possibility is true although ENFPs would be more prone to that than ENTPs, it is about seeing every possibility.(also a...
First of all Humans work like that get over it , we are all fake. Second , you seem to be angry about today's popular culture , i agree that today's culture is as shit as it goes but we cant blame...
ESFP:  They are the embodiment of the party attidute.More often than not they will wear the party animal persona , they like to have fun , are naturally the most social extraverted perceiver and the...
What is the craziest experience you have had in your life?  For me it was when we were hanging out in a mountain with some friends and one friend carried weed with him.It got dark and then we left...
I am greek too i ll answer stuff
Well i agree that they dont hurt anybody so there is no reason to criticize them , but when i see bronies i instictually feel that they are somewhat inferior and lame.Also i think that most of them...
I have read  Beebes theory about archetypes and the arm and the spine of consiousness.The theory states that every type associates the aux with the parental archetype and the tertiary with the child...
I know i am an extraverted intuitive for sure and i have a weakness for Fe.I thought i was ENTP all along but recently i am starting to challenge that.First of all i have something like social...
What is your opinion about socionics duality attraction ? From the time i learned about mbti i have tried to type every person i know / i meet , and i have become very good at it. From what i have...
I have seen a lot of typing done and although typing is not exactly an objective process, most of the times i can see some absurd typings based on stereotypes and biases.I have noticed some...
ISTJ or INFP
Anti-social ENTP?
You clearly use Fe  , i am not sure about Si but if i had to chose i would say ESFJ
My instincts tell me ENFP or xNFP
ISFJ-Good at taking care of others(And being boring most of the time) ESFJ-Are mostly pretty caring people and can be pretty fun when they use their Ne ESTJ-Good at details and maintaining...
In my opinion i have noticed that Mostly Si-users watch sports.In fact here in Greece most football fans are either young Se users  who just watch football to go nuts and behave like Hooligans and...
Also sometimes i tend to shy away from showing my real self especially in front of girls because i have a feeling that if i show them my crazy self then i dont have a chance.That is when i am trying...
hahahahah then i am an entp , especially the boredom , and the thing about corrupting the group's equilibrium are spot on! :p I have a question though , Is Ne a chatty function or no?Because i tend...
Canyouu experts please give me a tip on whether i am Ne dom or Ti dom other than the classic definitions of e/i because i have social anxiety and it doesnt apply to me . thankes (i am possibly ENTP...
the 60s Hippie era drugs, sex and rock n roll. my worst time era would be the 50s'"


2848: 'bumpity-bump :D
0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
Excellent point! You even have a point in your favour where all the assumptions lined up but th final deduction did not, ie the part where he notices John's watch, the back of which is scratched...
Aw, that is sweet :happy: Loved the cat analogy!    Well, that is just wonderful. When you say it like that, it almost seems like John's reaction after Sherlock explained to John how he deduced...
Well I really enjoyed the presence of my partner and understand him thoroughly , he also made me feel like the best version of myself when I'm around him and I feel that he loves me for who I really...
New question: All you ENFPs who have read the book The Comprehensive ENFP Survival Guide by Heidi Priebe... thoughts/impressions? What resonated with you, and what did you find to be flawed about...
That's what I am trying to do. Most ENTP descriptions make them seem like clever, innovative jerks good at playing with words and emotions. However, tertiary Fe when developed and in a healthy way...
Well, ai.tran.75 - I understand it conceptually, but applying it to my own personality is still a bit challenging because I seem to be so full of contradictions that even I don't understand myself at...
Going by your definitions, it appears to me like I use Ti more, but also Fi resonates with me. People have even pointed it out before, I think in one of my threads that there was a good deal of Fi...
I don't really have aha moments , I contemplate between enfp - Entp and infp for a while and then when my Te started becoming more well developed I realize - oh I'm enfp.    Sent from my iPhone...
I've only recently researched personality. It slowly came together for me. It was an entire life review. It was humbling and informative.[/QUOTE]  I am having those moments too. And I am starting...
What was the aha moment when you realised you were an ENFP?I don't mean looking at the humanmetrics or 16personalities test results and going Oh, so that's what my type is, rather a moment when...
Hey olonny, thanks for responding. I think I haven't gotten to a click moment yet in this situation. I agree, once I get the click and I am just outta there. I do know he cares for me but not in the...
Thoughts on this video? - Fi versus Fe  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JR3_OtpJe8&list=PLA1_UIuiZOl7-0TQlXtiWsY3o-0F5uyIC
Hi, here are my answers! :)  * what's more important to you - the journey of learning or exploring about something or the end result   I would say that it is the journey of learning, but then for...
He was afraid of mice? Whoa. I did not know that. turbulent huh? do you happen to know his Enneagram type?     I did some awesome work today, where we worked effectively and in a friendly manner....
It is illogical to say that this understanding helps alleviate it a bit, but oddly, it does.    Your words just so resonated with me, but in my case I have no excuse to cut him off. unless I be a...
If you can develop Te to the point you can use it without needing someone to be morally wrong in order to justify it- it's a tremendous gift. While you're breaking it in you might feel like a villain...
I definitely see where you are coming from with the moral messages and the organisation in his movies or how structured the entire business was, I even have a statement to support your thinking, I...
Thanks for answering, I think that attitude definitely makes sense, and also makes for a less stressful life, I bet. Walt Disney wasn't ENTP? *gasp!*    That does seem particularly terrifying,...
Oh, my type is a whole other thing. I am reconsidering that. Or may be I am being stuck in situations where my shadow functions are acting up (at work). It's just that, I have no prior experience of...
The first two are actually areas I am looking to carve a niche for myself in. Start my own practice may be. I don't know. But what makes me curious is, how do ENFPs ever get anything done? (cuz of...
That is an interesting way to look at it, for sure but how far is love gonna get you at work when there are things that need to be accomplished, and you are so ridiculously distracted and constantly...
How do ENTPs move on from being rejected by someone they have very deep, genuine romantic feelings for/towards?
Do you guys know any strong, competent ENFPs (perhaps, in the legal profession) who have their s*** together and figured out? Most ENFP portrayals seem very... floopy. I mean no insult to any ENFP...
Ah, I guess study groups (online) could be of much help. Also law clinics, or pro-bono centres if your Uni has them, if you volunteer with them, you could certainly be using your Ne more, or...
It depends on how you define creativity. Defense attorneys have to get really creative in their cases, likewise when you are advising a crumbling business on how best to save their business/turn it...
Thanks for replying knucklebunny! Good tip, I feel a lot better knowing I am not doing anything wrong. I can never flirt like those damn bold SPs. A colleague of mine (ESxP) was telling me the story...
Just wanted to add that the INTJ did the same thing. Dated another woman, even told me about because he wanted to be honest about it. :rolleyes: Now some of my friends were divided on the opinion...
New question: Are there ANY ENTPs here that are bad at flirting? (that could include not knowing how to flirt (back) or not knowing when someone is into you and flirting with you)  P.S. Flirting...
Don't the TJs stop to consider that they are missing out on the fun while they are doing all their planning? I mean, I plan too but not the way he used to. Heck I only have a blurry picture of where...
Thank you for your inputs,  steviesinclair. Although he is no longer my problem, he is some other girl's problem now seeing as he went on a date with another woman and told me he needed time to...
Hi there! That previous post was definitely me in the glowy first couple of weeks stage of my job, but on some days I just feel numbed by the sheer amount of hand-holding clients need as you walk...
As an INTJ who recently dated an ENTP, all of the above from    Tsubaki is SO TRUE. If I care for someone, I get really idealistic and noble-minded and take extra care to be 100% faithful and not...
Am I ready to be peeled and unfurled like that, emotionally and soul-deep? I don't know. I am confused. Probably I am over thinking this, but then again I am not thinking this through enough. so many...
Sorry yeah, I meant differences in the way ENTPs and ENFPs (Ti + Fe versus Fi + Te right?) decode people's motives/understand them. I should have been clearer.
Sorry for lurking   ai.tran.75 on your replies here, but they were worded in such an insightful and uncomplicated way. I have a Q for you.   What is the difference in the way we (strong Fe+Ti users...
Hi! I have a question for you. My INTJ pal laid out all his cards on the table and said he liked me. He listed a bunch of important considerations, I appreciate the honesty but it also terrified me a...
People like me go a little bit extreme at times.[/QUOTE]  Okay, too tuckered out to create a daring tale of drama and adventure. I will give you the true story. I woke up one day to find my eye...
In what ways do you engage and develop your Ne?
The truth isn't nearly as exciting. Instead, shall I spin you a tale of adventure and drama? :wink:
This ENTP infographic provided by them could be said to be true of a lot of fire signs and air signs. I don't get the zodiac correlation here at all.
Got some trouble in the eye ?[/QUOTE]  Eye can't see very well (geddit? :D)
Sounds quite eventful. Congrats on your enrolment! About the foot though, tough luck. I had something of excitement in my day, ending in me wearing a pirate like patch on the right eye.
Just a random thought.
Everything's well until I start gambling to make a living from it.[/QUOTE]  I am baaaaack!   https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/ea/bc/d6/eabcd62c86f8b6eda5a593324c68e7ec.jpg  P.S. Can a...
Too much curiosity either leads to worthy discoveries, or shocking realities.[/QUOTE]  Well then... I am curious to see if it leads to the former or latter. I think I will take that chance. How...
What do you consider to be your strong suite ?[/QUOTE]  I think I have pretty strong writing skills.   Why do you give off an ESTP vibe? I am curious.
Bad day at work ? What's your occupation ?[/QUOTE]  I won't say bad, but it was really busy and some times we don't always like what we (have to) do. I am a lawyer, what's your occupation?
I believe I am good at my responses. Na, didn't have the audacity to pick a beverage today. Just enjoying the ambience.[/QUOTE]  Maybe I was covering up for that bad convo starter lol. Honestly...'"


2851: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PJic1Nm_sA   Can a mod go ahead and sticky this thread now?
And she annoys you to what end? :)
Why Don't You, Yes But...
Actually, wings and arms can be used in the same way: for mating displays. In fact, display would be the primary function of the wings, as they would be quite ineffectual for flying.  EDIT: Oh I...
Same principle. The wings fold between the arms and the abdomen.
Have you ever made a snow analgel? That's how. Dumbass.
Erm...yep. Lie down and spread your wings. :)
^Takes one for the team.
You're a special needs angel.
You'll have to pay for it :P
Yeah can someone explain this numbers/integers stuff?
Bells are ringing! Ape-like ENTPs with developed Fe will concede more, but usually at the expense of their self-esteem. Smarter ones will find a way to reach a happy compromise...and then move on...
Exactly, our methods of experiencing life are different to theirs. We experience love, but through our capacity to think...
Time spent with us is always a learning experience :cool:
To be the next David Bowie. A male megastar. It will happen within 5 years.
You should listen to Odelay, it's a great album by a truly idiosyncratic ENTP. I'm pretty sure it's on we7...
It's a symbol of the innocent, uncorrupted child. It's probably rattled around at the back of our psyche for many centuries.
In my opinion, if you believe in either as more than Jungian archetypes you're pretty dense.
Hehe, I know what you mean about pretending to feel. I suppose as ENTP's we're used to only being half-genuine :P
Yeah, developing feeling was really tough for me. Ended up estranging myself from almost everyone 'cause i got the impression I'd hurt 'em and myself...used to fly into rages, depressed most of the...
God loves his an(al)gels.
Haha G.A.S....this first one's for you ;)   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgSPaXgAdzE   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHqqImXXprE
Uh ohs debug!!!! Degauss your monitor and shake the fuckers off!!!!!
He's saying you're delusional; that your grandiose fantasies of love are never matched by the reality of your relationships. Perhaps he's being pessimistic....perhaps you've never fallen in love...
Oh you're playing the Alchoholic game! Well drink on sir.
Umm yeah about that line....I just shagged all over it.
<object width=425 height=349><param name=movie value=http://www.youtube.com/v/YgSPaXgAdzE?fs=1&amp;hl=en_GB&amp;rel=0></param><param name=allowFullScreen value=true></param><param...
You do. You just have rudimentary paws and I'm freaking Vishnu. Dextrous. Get it now?
I saw in someone's signature a quote to the effect of: MBTI is like game genie for life So cool.
Follow your fart, ice-skate with midgets, be a professional high-wire artist, burn a forest, make babies with aliens, ask a drunk tramp for directions, look upside-down underwater, only drink ribena...
I count myself here, as someone who developed their tertiary function relatively early (I'm 21 now and my feeling function is fully developed). I have reason to believe that the tertiary function is...
Reflect on the real problem in your day-to-day life and come to a conclusion on how to change things for the better. This kind of ailment is psychosomatic.
I used a lot of rhetoric, which can neither be proven nor disproven. If you'd like to refute my claims you must give evidence to the contrary. ;)
http://www.next-gen.biz/files/imagecache/article_content_360x270/EDG147-potential-main-picture.jpg  Vyse from the Dreamcast game Skies of Arcadia (far right)
Oh sweet. Better than using metal pins and emerging looking like hellraiser.
They're cool but if you put your face in them they freaking hurt!  I'd like to make a full body-sized one and stick it in an art gallery.
Personal acceptance and understanding of the circumstantial nature of our actions/reactions.
Simply put, marijuana is a danger to our society. I do not need to cite the many hundreds of studies detailing marijuana's detrimental effect on the human brain, it is clear for all to see. It is...
I didn't even mention sex. It seems to be you who has interpreted that. ;)
Oh, and just sometimes, we're too drunk to even think about it. If this is the case, please don't tell us we need to move. That's gonna end in a skittles shower.
It depends on the chemistry with our opposite number but we can range from adventurous to sensitive to uncaring and steely. ^_^  basically, a box of chocolates. you'll probably be surprised.
No it's not, it's Susurration PhD (personally harmless dickweed)
I know someone who shat in the sink in the McDonalds in Times Square. As he came out he just said sorry.
anyway this is supposed to be therapy and catharsis for people who want to spill their beans (metaphorically, not like you mr dickity flickity)..... so don't quote me on that. NEXT!
i werner hertz-a-hog, command you to feel it in your fucking belly watch the evening news regis and kelly believe all, propaganda mmmm pepsi easy entertainment when your insides get M E S S...
when they took from you everything they could steeeaaaaaaal how does it feel?!
assfix tax disk asterisk* no more *pay now play foul say how you'll bring it down opening cherishing blemishes heresy carry on a zillion vermillion carillions, seeing waiting wishing praying...
YOUGODDA BOODABBLE! popcorn. EXTRA WALRUS IN YOUR hair? a stound and a maze hot hot summer wotta bummer x
I am interested in complimentary types with regards to group interaction. I'm looking to start a band and I'm thinking that ENTPs such as myself, as well as ENFJs, ENTJs, ESTJs and ESTPs would be...'"


2855: 'Yeah, we don't fight very often, and when we do it's usually quick and dirty then we're both cool about it and move on. Or just suddenly look at each other and say what the hell are we fighting...
I am with an ISTP. We have an awesome relationship, but when we fight it's pretty scary, lol. Both yellers and both of us like to be right. :-)
I don't have any solid advice to be honest, but I will say that relationships work best for me when I am with someone who has tenacity. One of my close ENTP girlfriends also agrees. In the 10 months...
I don't actually nag him, it's counterproductive. If he says he is going to do something I give him the space to do it -- but it can be a few days or a week before he gets to it. As we live together...
OH this is all helpful! It turns out he just needed to do it in his own mind by working out the how and when. When I got home the other night he had a buddy over for beer and they moved all the...
Okay ... I just need some advice or insight even. My partner is an ISTP and I just moved in with him (into his house) this weekend. For what it is worth ... I never brought it up, it was his idea,...
Yes, maybe so. I would even venture to say that his heart is a whole lot warmer than mine! I am prone to being a bit of an ass. :blushed: The nice thing is that he is well-developed enough to...
Maybe I have found a well-developed ISTP but my boyfriend does not have a cold heart at all. He is kind and generous -- he's just not given to expressing such things in words.
Yup. And once I dismiss someone -- I can act like they don't even exist! People hate that. I've also learned that people HATE being called out and I have no qualms about doing that -- most people I...
Well, that is unfortunate. I hadn't heard this before and I worked it out on paper and came up with the answer: German. You can believe me or not -- I really don't give a crap. I know I figured it...
An artist friend of mine (INTP) summed up that one really well for me: innovative or creative people have to have an ego -- in essence they have to strongly believe that what they are doing is of...
I can really relate to this point. I also think that reaction can sometimes have to do with the level of depth we can go to in analysing what we are seeing or intuiting. My ISTP boyfriend, always...
And, so what? I have never told anyone otherwise -- I am at least honest about it and men know up front what they are getting into. I stayed single most of my life because of that, and have recently...
And I really dislike when people speak in the we. Talk about qualities that drive me crazy.
Yooooooooou're ..... um, AWESOME. Ha.
I have feared living an average life more than anything else my whole life. As I get older I wonder if that way of thinking wasn't really just a waste of my life and time. All of my friends who do...
Where I disagree is that gaining someone else's respect is such a subjective venture that it is not necessarily possible to gain it even if you want it. As long as I have self-respect and self-love...
I just want to add to the roar of responses that as an ENTP,  people either love me or hate me. I never seem to find much of a happy medium on that front. I am always willing to say what others won't...
Hmmmmm. I don't think ENFPs are tactful at all. Just my experience.
Hi Calysco:  I have been in a relationship with an ISTP for about 6 months. We are really happy together, but I will say that we have had some fairly large mountains to climb with respect to our...
My need to yackkity yack always gets me into trouble or least embarrassing moments. My last boyfriend hated that about me (privacy privacy) and my recent boyfriend pretends to groan but  I know that...
We are just of the hard and crusty type of snowflakes. :laughing:
Yup. I read your four types of ENTP. Enjoyed that post a whole lot. Really interesting analysis of the type. Would you mind posting those again if you have time? Would love to read them again. If I...
Geez. A shitload of stuff. For starters, I am continually trying to work on thinking before speaking rather than blurting out my intuitions, opinions and thoughts without considering how they may...
I might fall hard, but I am damn picky about who.
My experience with NFs is they absolutely DO want repayments and kickbacks. They just don't say or admit that they do, and then get angry at you when suddenly you don't behave according to their...
Not sure about ISTP and ENFP, but I am an ENTP, and am having an amazing relationship with an ISTP. Best match I've ever had. It was a rough ride the first month -- I think it might have been the S...
I like it. :happy:
And what do you know exactly?
Are you suggesting that ENTPs only think about themselves? Again, I call bullshit on that one. ENTPs do give a lot of themselves to others (often in the form of observations, problem solving,...
If I like someone, I tell them -- especially when they don't ask me. I tell my ISTP boyfriend all the time how much I like him. I need to tell. I like to tell. I like to say things out loud. What I...
I like to say what I mean, and mean what I say, damn it. :tongue:
[/B]I totally agree with this point, but over the years I have been more willing to ask for support from people I really trust ... though F folks are not usually my first choice because in my...
Give me frickin' break, will ya? ENTPs are constantly learning and growing as individuals. We may be more interested in our own self growth over others, but to say that we think we don't need to...
Yeah, I stayed single for a really long time out of choice. I liked focusing on the interests, work and friends that really engaged me -- I didn't want to bother with relationships because it...
Awwwww, but I like it in there. :tongue:
You got her there! ENTPs don't read fine print. :blushed:
I don't need to justify. I just do. :laughing:
Well, that is unfortunate. When I really like someone I am usually interested in being monogamous, so I don't get distracted by other interests and can really get to know if the person is a good fit....
1.) Unethical:  What the fuck? I am never quite sure about this one. Unorthodox, but not unethical. Rude, yes, but not unethical. Badass, yes, but not unethical. 2.) Joker: Absofuckinglutely! 3.)...
It is all for something good ... I raise money for the arts and for children. I COULD very easily use my powers for evil -- and have done so in the past. Would have been a damn good criminal lawyer,...
I would lose my head if it wasn't attached. I lose my keys, phone, books, mittens, scarves ... you name it.
Let's see what are the jobs I have done ...  Hairstylist for 7 years (loved the creativity and technical aspects BUT hated that people told me all their problems. Blech)  Visual artist (I've been...
Yup. I can, but it takes an awful lot for me to get there. Someone has to really be annoying the hell out of me for a long time before I go crazy emotional on their ass.
I much prefer having sex in a committed relationship, but as an ENTP woman THOSE have been few and far between, unfortunately. I'm a bit too intense for the average male I am afraid, SO, I definitely...
Grumpy? Hell, no. I'm rarely ever grumpy, but when I am, get the hell out of my way. :tongue:
I've been dating an ISTP for a couple of months and I am falling head over heels. It was rough at first with the N versus S -- but, I am totally digging this guy. The sex is absolutely spectacular,...
Welcome ENTPs!
This is why at work I have a journal that sits on my desk where I can keep lists and not misplace them. Ha. I love my job, but I have a lot of details that I need to worry about so lists (as much as...
I am definitely in the camp of making blatantly sexual comments that freak people out.   Not sure if my sex drive is higher than other types, but I do think overall I've probably had a lot more...'"


2866: 'well you are entirely right, I love myself more than any person, any relationship I have is really just an extension of myself like hey look at this attractive woman I own. not to sound like a douche...
You sound more ENTP to me.
I was a pretty big skeptic, I would question any information given to me and scrutinize everyones opinions pretty hard. I had to be the best at everything I did or I would not even get involved, even...
I am not a fan....I want it to be darker not all white.
favourite character, favourite show, and he's INTP so I kind of relate to him.
no that game gets pretty boring pretty quick don't get it, it's just a bootleg cod.
Eric Cartman
Read the descriptions on all the types and get a better grasp of them, look at the mannerisms of the person in question, profit.
I've done this before, maybe ENTP? this really isn't enough information to speculate on.
Yep, except we would be taller instead of shorter, assuming technology continues to take the burden of physical labour off our back.
Well one day we will all be a blended orange colour and the problem will solve itself, so we really have nothing to worry about.
People don't really understand stereotypes, just because there is a stereotype regarding a certain race or whatever doesn't mean it's applicable to everyone in that category of course, but it might...
The bottom line here is nobody can prove or disprove god, people are entitled to their beliefs just as much as they are entitled to be wrong, for me personally, I do not associate with any religious...
I think ENTP's are mainly ambiverts.
cartman is obviously ENTP, brian doesn't seem at all like cartman but they both display tell tale signs.
how can you have an ENTP forum and hate on trolls at the same time? no wonder I always see banned ENTP's.
Pretty sure hitler would not be an F maybe he could be an ENTJ or ENTP, It's hard for me to speculate really, unfortunately I haven't had the chance to meet him so I don't know the guy too well.
Death Note  L - INTP there is no way he could be anything else, this one is obvious  Kira - INTJ I think he's an Introvert more than an extravert because I don't really see ryuk as a person he...
Death note.
yes you can, it's all my keyboard can type.
Yeah I always see a lot of myself in cartman like how he idolizes hitler, i'm just not fat.
I am only truly happy when others are not, as bad as it sounds. Competing and dominating gives me a sort of natural high, I am happy when the others are not and vice versa. My favourite environment...
I'm a west coast ENTP, as a matter of fact.
This is literally the story of my life, I always felt like when I used to be funnier, I would be a lot more irritable and I would flare up and get mad at something almost on purpose, smoking weed...
I got 26, but I am also quite depressed so I feel like back in the day it would have been higher.
What do you mean one step away? they're pretty much identical in juxtaposition.
Trolling, getting high, netflix, there are a lot of things to do to cope, I've heard ENTP's are one of the most introverted extroverts so it's not really that hard for me, personally at least.
I used to be very creative, puns, plays on words, people told me I should be a comedian, but overtime I lost my gift completely and I started to feel numb of emotion, I don't know what happened.
I have an INTJ friend that likes anime, as do I, I find most introverts like anime and not many extroverts, ENTP's are one of the few that do.
Paranoid:Highmore info | forum Schizoid:Very Highmore info | forum Schizotypal:Highmore info | forum Antisocial:Highmore info | forum Borderline:Moderatemore info | forum...
A wolf or an owl, they look cool.
I try to get in the most secluded area, or at least the area with the smallest amount of people, wherever is out of the general focal point I guess, usually the back.
I am not easily amused at all, I don't really know what the criteria for a great sense of humour is though.
I can basically read peoples minds and see them for what they really are right away, I have a sixth sense perceiving personality, I can usually manipulate the situation pretty easily, and I never...
Wow, you really figured me out. Good job.
Stealing for me is like hitting 3 birds with 1 stone, I get the multiple satisfactions of the stolen goods, the accomplishment of successfully stealing something, and knowing that I might have shit...
As a child I would constantly be looking for ways to cheat the system, figuring out any way around any task would make me feel accomplished for the rest of that day. Cheating is just that satisfying.
I always pick up random things and mess around with them and tap beats with my fingers and bend my wrist back with my other hand, I fidget all day every day.
I value my ability to cheat over that of my test result, I plan to judge myself not be told what I can do by some potential child molester making minimum wage, cheating is fun and satisfying and I...
I am totally the same way, I have a lot of friends but none of them are on the same level as me, I think the other half would be an INTP.
always has to win? more like gives a substantial amount of effort in order to win that usually overcomes the others causing them to lose what a joke.  and actually maybe get rid of that...
Yep, I think announcing ones religion is just a way to label oneself dumb, and that's the only way I can see it as useful in society.  Also I am from Vancouver BC.
I am a total mind reader, as soon as someone opens their mouth I can deduce exactly what they are getting at or what lead them to that particular idea, I can read between the lines like none other...
Just act like a dumbass everywhere you go and as soon as someone scolds you or verbally assaults you to any degree you may have an ENTP on the hook.
I almost never laugh at anything, it is almost impossible to get me to laugh forcibly I usually just chuckle as common courtesy but I don't even crack a grin watching any tv show youtube video or...
Yeah definitely just smoke weed, that's what I do and it makes it better.
When I was younger I was a bit more disassociated with society and I would withdraw into myself a lot. I thought I was an introvert but I guess as it turns out it's just an ENTP phase.
Never, I'll see someone on facebook with one of those long names with made up middle names 40 characters long and see their face in a crowd and remember their entire facebook name on the spot.
I was a very angry child but overtime I started to emote less and less, and now I don't get angry at all.
Never from any sort of physical pain, maybe once or twice as a child from emotional pain.'"


2870: 'That is actually a false understanding of the theory (and a very common mistake in these internet forums). Theoretically speaking, if your N/S preference is somewhere in the middle, your preference...
There is no reason why you can't be somewhere between ENFP and ENTP. MBTI/Jungian typology is not clear cut, fundamentally speaking. There are always gray areas. In the cognitive functions terms, it...
Wow, another victim of the axis-based false typing shithole right there.  Being an ISFJ would mean, at least theoretically, you devalue Ne and Ti. Your Ne and Ti may be quite underdeveloped. Ne and...
You could say science is one opinion and flying spaghetti is one opinion - and we all fall into moralistic fallacy. No, Jung & Myers only used cognitive function idea to explain their theory better,...
That's a very skewed way of typing yourself (in other words, WRONG). Don't fall in that shithole, which in fact lots of forumites here are locked in. Note that the Tertiary and the Inferior functions...
I see some interesting stuff going on, I should join soon when I have some time..
Count me in :)
No wonder you can't understand it - No such thing as cognitive loop or Dom-Ter loop really exists in the theory. This really comes from a false understanding of the so-called function stack....
- Posts like above will cause misconceptions that one would use either Te/Fi or Ti/Fe only (a very popular misconception here in PC, usually called tandems or function axes).  you can refer to...
Let me make an assumption here: INFJ's are most loyal to ENTP's, if they chose to be loyal to them.  ISFJ's are loyal too, but don't understand ENTP's N world as much. (S's generally don't care...
- I will speak of my inferior(Si) in terms of my default mode of operation (Ne+Ti) only - since that's what seems to be relevant here.  It is used on a shallow and artificial level to TUNE DOWN my...
I agree, idolization is usually very irritating - Especially when it's directed towards a person or a group of people (eg. a country). Idolization of an object (a thing or an idea) is a lot...
I'll be away for the next few days and won't be able to reply. I think reckful can help us out in the meanwhile, if he doesn't mind.
Normal vs Under Stress is a black/white logic. There must be something in between, like a light pressure.  In a normal situation, I'd rather use Ne than Ni. If I need to use Ni, why not. I'll use...
What I bolded is what I thought so too, now I think there can be a variation - which is, ENTP with a strong E will turn into ENTJ upon the defensive mindset, rather than INTJ. When Ne+Ti turns into...
How so? Why wouldn't he switch to a hormonal state of an ENFP, using Ne-Fi??    Ok, Although I disagree with the above statement, I wouldn't totally disagree with it. It's something we can...
Hmm. So Fi is sort of an alternative for INTP, but suddenly becomes the most unconscious for ENTP? What about for XNTP?     It seems you're basing your reasoning on Socionics. Can you...
It's simple - he is an ENXP. My suggestion is - do not buy on those who say you HAVE TO belong to either. (Although it seems you need to learn more about the functions for now)    In my opinion...
Interesting, I always have thought so too. Although here, more introverted seems to mean socially introverted, which is more related to typical everyday usage of introversion. As we all know,...
Top 3 is the part I disagree here, and I think this is the part that can bring some misunderstanding about the functions.   Let's think of it this way. Do you then think Inferior function is...
Just like how preference level varies in MBTI, the shadowness of the shadow functions varies for each individual.  For me, even though I prefer Ne the most, I'd use Ni if there's a reason. The...
I agree. But I disagree with:  ENTP=Ti/Fe ENFP=Fi/Te  If there is no further explanation. Such juxtaposition make it seem that the functions are used in tandem, both in the same direction and...
Ambivert, why not. But before going there, I suggest you these questions to think about:  Is your Ti a result of your Ne? or is it more the other way?  Also, do you tend to seek...
You seem to say ENTP=Ti/Fe, and ENFP=Fi/Te, for every case.  But what about those who have introverted judging attitude in general (Pi), all before having that much of a clear-cut preference for...
Let the quote from Jung give you some answers, hopefully.  There is, finally, a third group, and here it is hard to say whether the motivation comes chiefly from within or without. This group is...
Do you think there is nothing on the line of the 16 types at all, even for let's say between ENTP and INTP?
T and F does not always contradict each other, they can actually collaborate quite well. A lot of people here in this forum seem to think T and F are so contrasting and cannot co-exist.. Let me add a...
If you're saying one really has to be one or the other and there is nothing in between, I'd like to know why.
Glad to know you don't think of it as black/white (sounded like it when you first replied).  Let's go back to your comment, where you say They don't have Ti, they have Te    Now theoretically...
Hmm you make it sound too complicated. I'd rather prefer a more intuitive and holistic approach. Your explanation may work for ENTP, but it's too specific to be applied to other types.  By the way...
Let me ask you - is your Si stronger than your Ni, since you have Si in your function stack and not Ni?
Classic misconception.  I'd say - INFPs don't have Te, they are rather unwillingly forced to use their shaky Te to disguise their excessive Fi.  To me that sounds closer than have when it...
INFP with lack of T (Ti) - Not sure.  INFP with intelligence and well-developed T (Ti), sounds awesome.
Very common misconception here in PC. This is because people here type themselves FIRST, and THEN look at the functions.   Let me put it this way. EVERYBODY uses all of the below for cognitive...
Personally I don't think the so-called loop theory is very logical.  It usually starts from the common misunderstanding about the tertiary function, that:  1. The tertiary function is the 3rd...
Thank you, but that's too much detail for me. I personally prefer more intuitive and comprehensive explanation (like the very basic cause/relationship/reasons).   BTW You seem to claim that INTJ...
Axis-system hmm.. Are you saying INTJs and ESFPs have something specific in common, since they both have Te/Fi axis? I'd like to know. I'd think of them as rather polar opposite.
My view is that Fi and Ti are not necessarily contradictory. They would collaborate quite often in certain occasions, just like how Fe and Te collaborate.  Such statement that Ti and Fe goes...
I guess we do agree on the sense that Tertiary and Inferior functions have a different nature compare to Dominant and Auxiliary which are pretty much genuine.  But I wouldn't call it powerful...
(I wrote basically the same post somewhere else before, I'll repeat it since I think it fits quite well here)  I consider the function stack (dom-aux-ter-inf) valid, but NOT in the order of the...
Jazz here too. I don't know, something about jazz is just appealing to me. I think it's because it's a kind of music that improvises. Which means, it constantly throws out new rough ideas all over....
I kinda thought about this a little for the last few days, here are some ideas so far:    - This is Ne working at its fullest.  As an Extraverted Perceiver, I need to experience/learn as much...
It's funny, this is exactly what I was thinking after coming back from a trip recently.  When it comes to travelling, I just suddenly become a totally different person.  Part of the reason is...
You're right about the point that the meaning of ENTP is directly associated with the function stack (I personally don't like the word stack here, it's too 1-dimensional).  I don't disagree...
No. I'm implying that tertiary and inferior are not necessarily third and fourth. If you firmly believe that (I hope you don't mean this), say, Si is really the 4th strongest function for ENTP...
Try to read IDontThinkSo's signature link, it's up the page. I think it might help you understand more about the variety within ENTP (regarding the use of Ti/Fi).
They say ENTPs are the most introverted extroverts (Thanks to Ne+Ti). (Some say INTPs are the most introverted introverts too) This is maybe why many ENTPs are confused whether they are INTP. ...
I agree that it's very frequent that many people only reinforced their former strategies. It's almost sad in some cases.  Ideally this counter-force would have to get trained and utilized to some...
Your signature link seems very interesting to me. I can't say that it is THE truth, but it's logically very consistent and correct.  I have one thing to ask about your opinion though.  I too...
Sorry for a late comeback.  I understand too how the word conceptual/fact can be confusing too, if J/P distinction is not made.  Btw I think the initial problem in this debate was that...'"


2873: 'Seriously every guy I've been with calls me crazy and dramatic I have no idea what I'm doing wrong.  I get upset, literally explain WORD FOR WORD why I'm upset, and try to find a solution. wtf is...
It's a fucking pun, idiot.  Like,I literally explain in in my signature. It's right there. Jesus, dude
i came out of my mom's vagina. I guess that counts.
is she an ennea 2?
When I'm drunk, I lean toward my ISFJ SO and rest my head on his shoulder. It's very nice.
You never really know somebody until you fuck them. It's a fun way of getting to know someone, and maintaining a close relationship. It's also a good trust-building exercise.  So yes, it's very...
Envy- a reaction to lacking something (wanting a lover, spiteful toward people who have lovers)  Jealousy- a reaction to a threat of losing something (scared someone is going to steal your lover)...
I really want to reply to this, but I tried typing out 4 different responses and now I sort of hate myself because I can't not sound like a hipster.  so here's the short version: rock isn't dead,...
WEEB   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CO29Pz2Hw5w
...is this a troll?
1. I think it really helps as far as maintaining romantic relationships go. I'm more than willing to put forth a great amount of effort to make sure I really understand where my partner is coming...
Ok. That makes more sense to me. Just because I've got an 8 fix doesn't mean I immediately go into rage mode. I also prefer calm, intelligent discussions lol. But if somebody does cross me with...
This entire post is good, but this bit really resonated with me. People are quick to assume that any sort of emotional awareness or introspection is solely associated with feeling functions, when...
See, this kinda thing annoys the shit out of me.  I'd rather have a good, one-time fight than just bail on someone. I hate lack of resolution, and there's always the chance of a misunderstanding,...
I have trouble making friends, but will fight like hell to keep them.  They're usually introverts who socialize waaaaaaaaaay less than me, and as a result I end up annoying the shit out of like, 4...
Depends.  Rap or Folk Punk? Yes. Lyrics are everything.  Shoegaze? No. Like, there's not point in even trying.
29/50  Worth noting that my dad and my boyfriend are both on the spectrum, and when you're around that a lot, you unconsciously start to pick up aspie traits out of habit  Example: I'll be overly...
25/50  right on the brink
I'm very rigid when it comes to personal space/privacy. Territorial is a good way to describe it, I guess? People using my belongings without my permission, leaving junk in my car, looking over my...
I'm aware of my anger, and I don't hesitate to be assertive about things if the situation calls for it. Aggressive (for lack of a better word) behavior isn't my first choice, but I'll resort to it...
...why are we discussing ethics in an ennea 4 forum...  I'm reluctant to choose any option. Theoretically, yes, but I think there should be strict guidelines. I think the afflicted must be in a...
Greetings, fellow Unicorns  4w3 ENTP here! 478 tho. Close enough???
My own personal functions? or functions in general?  in general: Fi. Just...why  my own: Ne omfg it's so annoying it has no chill i can't focus on anything
For me, it's more of an ehh I can be very skilled when I need to, otherwise I don't really care. And using said social skills takes effort, which I don't really like putting forth if I don't have...
you should lay those sick rhythms down at slam poetry night and see how many people you attract then
I totally agree. This is a controversial statement, but BPD is almost inherently toxic. That's basically part of the diagnosis, just like clinical narcissism. There's a reason they're both classified...
Thank you for explaining my own disorder to me. I'm now completely convinced it's because I hold in my feelings too much and has absolutely nothing to do with genetics.  1. I differentiated between...
No. I'm a hollow, shell of a man, with no depth whatsoever and want people to see me as such :dry:    Here's a more solid question lol. YES, I get very detail obsessed, particularly when it comes...
inferior Si and I stress clean  so...yes
.
oooooooooh this is a really good question!!!  Although I'm an inferior Si user, I like to think my Si is well-developed.  Whenever I listen to music (especially songs that are new to me. which is...
are you in school rn? Join a club or something.  Or take up a new hobby. That's what ENTPs are best at!  I have a struggle making new friends because I can't find people I click with, and I can...
Se
what. Did you even watch the show? For half of the first season, her entire character arc revolved around doing chaotic things just for the hell of it. That SCREAMS Ne dom. Think about the scene...
Not to mention, a lot of mental illnesses (not all, but most) can be relieved, even cured, by therapy alone. Hell, the only cure for most personality disorders is DBT, not medication. A person with a...
Come to terms with your feelings. Embrace them, let yourself feel them. Experiment with them, allow them to wash over you. Understand them, and eventually you'll come to accept it.  Usually. ...
Step one: Take a long hot shower  Step two: Find your favorite bathrobe. Do your hair and makeup. Anything to make you feel sexy  Step three: Pour yourself a glass of wine. Or a glass of whiskey...
Not really a fan of Fi users outside of xSFPs. Particularly INFPs because the self-righteousness gets really old, really fast.  I get along with xSFJs surprisingly well. ISFJs, once comfortable,...
Neokortex oh wow guess which part of this list applies to me...babe.
Mental illness is not comparable to learning disabilities or terminal illnesses. If they were, they would be classified as such. Not to mention, people who have abusive childhoods are statistically...
Several of my friends have a tendency to bail on me when I'm in a depressive stint (which can last for months.) I get very angry when they do, but once I come around I'm finally able to see how...
Controversial statement, but yeah: in a way, I think they are. Before y'all condemn me, I should probably preface all of this by saying I've got Bipolar II disorder and some other shit tacked on to...
I always wonder why people feel the need to criticize others' threads while providing absolutely no input to the subject matter.   It looks like there's a bunch of xNxP eldest children in this...
ENTP 4w3 sx/sp Eldest sister INTJ 3w4 sp/sx Middle sister ISFP??? Youngest sister (it's too young to tell her enneatype, but she's definitely Fi heavy)
This...is utter bullshit.  Aspergers stereotypes are absolutely erroneous. People try and pull the aspies struggle with abstract thinking. If that were truly the case, aspies would not be...
that's just it; I don't know how to turn that energy off. I just radiate it. I dated an unattractive guy for a while. I didn't have to worry about him being unfaithful, which was nice, but he could...
THIS GODDAMN.  I'm kinda conventionally attractive tbh, so people assume that I'll be ok on my own, and that if they leave me I'll easily find someone else. And I've got an extravagant personality...
I LOVE concerts/shows. It's really special when an artist sounds better live than they do on a recording (which is definitely a thing.) There's also a certain energy with live music that just can't...
I'm usually pretty relaxed. My biggest frustration is being misunderstood/misunderstanding others.  I can tell when people are upset/angry, but they won't tell my why they're angry. I also get...
They do the typical so blind things, but still have a need to contribute to society, wanting inclusiveness, etc.  Kinda skimmed through the whole thing tho. And nothing really stood out to me as Fi.'"


2874: '<wise voice>Even a troll should know when it's time to surrender. </wise voice>
I love to dance as well, music festivals, raves and nightclubs are my jam, but i also love dancing at parties (no matter how big they are). I'm not picky as for the songs, as long as I like it and it...
olonny Yeah i know you can have fun anywhere of course, but seems to me that Ravenclaw's idea of fun is more geeky/nerdy in the way Luna is like you said. Not that I don't like it, I'm probably...
My thoughts exactly. When i discovered them, i did sudokus for a bit, but i find it honestly ... so boring, like it's just numbers, over and over again, I'm not very fond of newspapers games as I...
I tend to be tie between Ravenclaw and Slytherin as well, and frankly i like them both so it's a bit complicated to choose, but if I had to, i think I will probably pick Slytherin, just because I...
It seems that no matter what i do, i end up with sarcasm, which is fine by me cauz' I'm all about teasing really, the fact that i'm not an English-speaker native probably helped in that way because...
I wonder whether a superpower which allows you to have all the superpowers or abilities you dare to imagine is actually considerable, like if you wanna control time poof you can but if you also want...
I relate to this as well. I found myself often being put in the leader position because i understand other's motivations and how they feel about certain things (aka their Fi because i'm friends...
A+ for the comic effect, Z- for making me a police officer, you do realize I will actually not be bothered to follow through an investigation on whether this dumb ass dude killed this other dumb ass...
No, that's a gravity-thing.
I'm pretty sure my mum is an ENTJ, not so sure about my dad but i think he might be an ESxJ, I tend to lean to ESTJ, and i'm still disorganized and messy as f*ck && my sister is an INFP, so ya know,...
- When you think because you're a girl you must be an F, come on, you like a good romantic comedy & you are sometimes emotional / care about others. You might be an ENFP thinking she's the shit by...
ESTP are one of my favorite kind of people, and sometimes i wish I had their courage to really dive into a project or an adventure (instead of having the amazing ability to not follow through...) I...
I agree with you. Among my good friends / the people i hang out with at the moment, there are more introverts and they're usually down for small gatherings because of this reason, but I on the...
Not really, like I said, she's not at all into this kind of stuff and it's mostly me on my own wondering what type she could be (i'm like the geek-nerdy one typing my friends without them knowing a...
I could not seem to find the long one who had some kind of legitimacy a couple years ago when you were searching good harry potter quizzes, i just know it was on this website : PersonalityLab -...
I don't have an appeal for driving, not yet (I haven't got my license yet, i live at the center of a big city with bus, subways etc) but I plan on getting it next year, after i've finished my...
Hello! So i have this close friend who is still quite a mysterious to me when it comes to typing : i would tend to think she's an ISFP, she likes to draw, has a passion for photography and also plays...
ENTP - I've made several tests and i usually balance between Ravenclaw or Slytherin, there was a big long ass test of like 120 questions that made me a Ravenclaw, close to a Slytherin, but the the...
You know you're an ENTP when you went on Internet to read an article you wanted to see, and then suddenly two hours later you're binge-watching learning danish videos on youtube for no apparent...
Same hahaha
Yeah kinda the same for me too here. I'm generally super chill and don't tend to make plans for works or even go-outs with friends, but somehow, i get stucked in situations where nobody's doing...
Kinda the same here for me, I had a good childhood for the most part, was not popular, was not being laughed at but was still acknowledged by my counterparts and parents, and even though my mom was a...
I remember took it a while ago and got true neutral which did not surprise me much, but now i retook it (remembered only a few questions) and i got chaotic neutral, which is actually fun cauz' i've...
This is exactly the type of dilemma i have to face tonight, i said i would come on the event, but like i really don't know how it's going to play, since they are the type of people who, to me at...
This is literally what i looked like when i tried to do a video few weeks ago, i mean basically if i kept the footage it would be the exact same 20 seconds of me mirroring what you just done haha,...
Said in a party to a guy i did not know (which was a bit drunk i presume) that i was the whole reason Disclosure (a famous electroband) was produced, like I inspired their most famous song, was a...
Gosh that happens to me too, especially in my studies. For example, when i do an essay or dissertation, and that my intuition is telling me something i know it's risky and now may not be the time...
omg so much stuff, sometimes i wonder how could i be really offended : a lot has been said already here like constructive criticism, debates on taboo topics just as long as we keep it cool /...
Yesterday to a friend with who i always have debates on deep questions which we both know is not going to lead anywhere because we have such different points of view (although we tend to enhance each...
The weird/fun/interesting unique t-shirts is so accurate - at least for me - i feel like fashion is wayyyy too meticulous for me - in terms of which color to put with which color, what to put when...
100% on board with this, i know i used to be very much of a tomboy as a child, playing boys' sports with boys instead of i don't know playing with jump ropes and barbies in the yard of the school, i...
ENTP :   Your neurodiverse (Aspie) score: 95 of 200 Your neurotypical (non-autistic) score: 132 of 200 You are very likely neurotypical  And yeah some questions were so weird, like the one...
I can relate to quite of the things you said, especially the fact two, three and four (not on the love of my life part, i don't agree on that but on the friendship thing, thought i was the only one...
May 28th ENTP
Why is it that sometimes you criticize harshly people you don't know / don't know well for flaws/characteristics (physical or mental aspect) your own friends have ? I've a INTJ friend with whom i get...
so many good sounds beat assailant is my jammmmm && EMWUZX i know this one, as smooth as its picture ;)    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uI6QMLRlTQE cauz' you light me up for some beat assailant...
You two have basically said my cons haha, this is insane. Comforting people is the most exhausting thing i think i will ever have to do in my life, because i want to be able to point our their flaws...
I did not know Deluxe - Pony but man, preeeety good sound over here !   As for me, i'm just listenin' to a piano-rap-fanfare big crazy mess that i've been playing over & over for weeks :   ...
I've been in the same situation (torned between a difficult two-years class with exams including philosophy, lit, history, geography you get the picture OR the equivalent of your economic class) i've...
Being not synthetic enough may be the reason i won't win a Nobel Prize next year, so yeah, that is a problem for me too.   PS : On a more serious note, teachers always say that i make too long...
Stop eating chocolate and Ben & Jerry's and start drinking Redbull (also get some glasses to fool teachers with your new fake good will).
i've done that so many times (especially to my men teachers to embarass them) it hurts.
Same here and i find it sooooooo frustrating. My family is okay but among my friends (i'm in arts studies see my problem) and i'm friends with many SFP / NFP's and i have close friends who are just...
Hi, so here's the deal : i'm an ENTP female, and i can't flirt for sh*t. I know ENTPs are flirty, and i know i am often making innuendos / silly sex jokes with my friends, my friends therefore think...
hahaha this is the best haha yours is some pretty good shit already !  i shall go along with you on that path, but first i would have to make a video about being an ENTP and start a proper channel...
Haha what i can say, for all the dissertations i've been doing, i could not help myself !   ElliCat : I think i'm a bit like your friend ENTP, i will do anything for the people i love, but if it's...
Very funny cauz' i have so many scars / hurt myself so many times and i did most of what you said as a kid/teen (i still do tbh, but now it's mostly when i've had a couple of drinks hahaha) but i...
Same here, joinin' the dark side :   1. Who are you? (write it in the way you understood the question)  who who who who, let's just say that i'm not an CSI's introduction theme.   2. Do you...
Hahahaha, jfc that was way too long, i don't know what got into me. Maybe i wanted to introduce myself and my studies by showing that i was not so great at improvising either  (i almost never cheated...'"


2876: 'Just to fuck with you. My bad.
DOOD!!! U definitely have the 'ENTP smile/grin' going. Just to prove a point, I am gonna see if I can get a webcam pic of mine up.
Hahhahahahahahhaahaahahaha so not true. take it back!!! NOW!!!!
Oooo my bad.
I think I can help you here. And immature person would say something like that. But a mature person would know that because of persoanlity types there are certain issues that might arise and both...
Hhahaha, you are soooo wrong. As far as i understand, INFJ's are the hardest to understand. And often they give off the vibe to people that they are intimidating and reclusive when thats the opposite...
ENTP's are not evil. They are just to engrossed in their own idea of good and right to see that there maybe some reason in the other person's side. I guess you just need a mature ENTP who knows when...
Hahaha I think I grew up great, only 21 still. I have always loved women and I have always recieved back in kind. But society would never accept that. And if i had mentioned anything about it when I...
Meh, I guess this forum really isn't the place for me. Anyways. It was fun but not wroth the the confusion its putting me in.
I thanked the post for the correction she made. I was thinking you found the situation humorous, but now I am guessing you were just laughing at me.
Yeah, dude, this I am a little offended with. And a little sadden by the personal vandetta you seem to have taken against me. But if I have learned one thing so far, is that I should just let it go....
I really hope she notices my clarification posts. I would be soo ashamed if she didn't. This is exactly what always starts a fight between us. Should give ENTP a shot. We are usually fun loving...
You are culturally ambiguous. Because if you actually knew both cultures personally you might have a different opinion. I also see the best in both world, but that doesn't mean I am oblivious to the...
Hahahhaa imagine what my girl friend deals with. But I am getting better at explaining myself. Not surprised you wrote that at first, but glad you changed it.  I don't think I ever want to date...
Haha, dude, since I am brown, I'll kind of take offence to that pic....and chuckle a little to myself too.
Yeah, the meaning they are trying to give in people lives can be appreciated, as long as the followers don't eat it all up like trained sheep. It's the magic that all these religious books talk...
Man, that would so explain how I went from Muslim for 17 years to atheist. There are very few of muslim-atheism converts, and most can't be openly atheist because of the society they live in. I am...
Sure. I apologise for being a dick.
Confession: I get really angry when people misunderstand me. And I don't know how to control this stupid anger.
If you look what she wrote under her picture, maybe you'd stop flipping out on her behalf. She doesn't need your defending.  Anyone want to get all intuitive on this picture? I love it when...
If i may correct myself, I MEANT, She looks pretty to begin with, i just thought she was trying harder than she needs to. I wasnt attacking anyone!!! I just thought she didnt want to put up that face...
I did not realize I only get to learn about my own personality type. PLease don't be a douche. I am an ENTP is why i m on the entp forum and I am dating and INFJ is why i m here. Dont fuck with me. I...
I think you are actually trying too hard to look pretty for this picture.
I think you are actually trying too hard to look pretty for the picture.
21 exactly. Why?
SHIT!! how do i delete posts!!!
I m stupid
I enjoy being an asshole to people with zero empathy. I know this girl, who cannot think about anything other than herself.....  Did i put on too much make up? Are these jeans not nice enough? Are...
You look hot 'home girl'       Jk
1870818707187061870518704  Read a couple of threads about ENTP and only white ppl here... Thought I'd represent browntown :p
What? I thought it was all about walking into class with a flask of half and half on mondays .... rum and coke i mean.   Schitt. No wonder i lost my full ride.
Lmfao, since when are our thoughts tangents? I see it as the other person not seeing the connections i made inside my head. Honestly, whenever anyone's told me I was going off on a tangent, all I...
I didnt know webcams recorded sounds :p
Haha, it will always seem that way when you are not an ENTP. I feel like there are way too many thing that go off in my head and I can't explain it all to you, because I don't exactly know where to...
Hahahaha what an asshole, i mean how competitive :p
[QUOTE don't be a douche-bag and remember that a good relationship has good communication.   [/QUOTE]  Thanks, thats probably the best advice for anyone to follow. btw, fuck starbucks, unless...
eclipsethesun thank you. that was helpful. I think our key was that we became really close friends really fast. Sorry your's didn't turn out quite like u had hoped. We are still trying and even...
Thank you, in case you got upset with no relipes or thanks :p  JK!!! PLZ!! I didnt mean it like that!! I promsie!!! I was just saying!! Oh com on, why do you have to take it so personally? At this...
I am in love with an INFJ and its the most workout i've ever had in my 21 years on this earth.
We are awesome together. and being inter racial just makes things even kinkier. But we are on a long distance relationship right now, and oddly enough, we are as happy as we can be in a LDR.  ...
I've become a stoner, became a frat boy, fell in love with acid, lost my full ride before I realized, maybe I should have just been doing math all along. Now I am going for a degree in applied math,...
One things for fucking sure, I AM GLAD WE DON'T CRY OVER EVERY LITTLE FUCKING THING AND ASK PEOPLE TO THANK US EVERYTIME LIKE THOSE DAMN INFJ
Thanks man. You cleared it a little for me. I can't have someone break down over my stupid momentary rage (I don't hurt people, never have never will, unless you consider breaking up with someone as...
I am an ENTP in love with an INFJ. I have been told many times that I am very inconsiderate of her emotions. And I am without knowing trying to change her. I love her, and I want to understand her...'"


2879: '1. Yes 2. Yes 3. Not in public, so yes. 4. Not in public, but yes. 5. Not in public, so yes. 6. Yes 7. Sometimes 8. Yes. 9. Yes. 10. Oh my god yes.
Pain usually doesn't affect me too badly, but I'll sure as hell bitch about it to get what I want.
I know you social butterflies have done it, too!!!  Tell me stories so i feel less bad!!!!
People help, but when I'm depressed, I'm usually too apathetic to make the effort to hang out with anyone.  I usually just lock myself away and listen to music.
Well defended.  But I will say that French has about one third of the words English does, and they seem to know how to get a point across?  I wonder what a new letter would look like...
I think there's a misunderstanding here.  Yes, I'm a people pleasing kind of person, but I don't think it's inauthentic at all. I'm not trying to manipulate anyone. I have a genuine desire and...
Because we're the foundation for society. We deal in emotions. We get people's shit straight so they don't become depressed robots.  Not a real answer, but I'm digging your critical mind Aishwarya.
I'm a dancer.  ...............It's great.
I can relate to this thread really well. Yes, on in the inside, all I ever really wanted was that perfect romance. Sometimes I'll lay in my bed before I go to sleep just imagining different...
http://cdn-www.cracked.com/articleimages/randall/diy2.jpg
Every morning before I leave, I go through the same exact process of looking for the following:  1) Phone 2) Keys 3) Wallet 4) Headphones 5) Jacket  Sometimes I get distracted by the...
I've been waiting for a thread like this for a while.  I'm a fairly (really) effeminate man, so femininity to me is something  that I find particularly profound. I have a natural instinct towards...
This will happen to me every now and then. I usually just drink alcohol. I can't tell you how many people I've talked to who all of a sudden became fascinating after a few drinks.
I have this weird thing that if I sleep with someone they're going to take my creativity from me through my vagina,  Lady Gaga said this a while back. Is it weird that I understand it perfectly?...
For a while a few months ago, I was feeling more and more like an ENTP every day.  Then again, I just noticed my own use of the word feeling like a thinker. Sometimes I feel like a different...
PM me, too. I would like something like this. I'm sure I can figure out Wordpress. I'll make an account as soon I'm hopefully accepted!
I can't say a worry so much as I dwell. I dwell on everything that ever happens. I don't really worry, I just think about shit. It sometimes leads to worry, but not all the time.
I like meditating. With or without any spiritual belief, I still find it a relatively logically sound practice. It's pretty enjoyable, too. When I was younger I was very much into the idea of chakras...
I'm going to be blunt:  1) He cheated on you TWICE(implying that he LIED to you. Who knows what else he's lied about). He doesn't love you, he is simply infatuated with you. Infatuation never...
I said 70-80%. I love being alone and having time to myself, but whenever I'm with people I can be very social as well. I could have easily said 60-70% also, maybe even 50. It's a little more...
Water.... :sad:  I actually eat really healthy most of the time. Dieting is one of the few things where I'm really strict on myself.  ...........Except a few months ago when I ate a whole pint...
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH.  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHA.  YES. I noticed that not only do I crush...
Pessimism aside, there was always something about christmas that I just thought was a bit....forced?  I'm the type of person who sees something at a store his friend would like and buys it,...
I honestly have sooo many high posts on this forum....
Typically, when someone is being extroverted around me, my interaction with them depends on their sincerity.  I have friends who are VERY extroverted, but I LOVE being around them because I can...
Last year my cousin was shot and killed, and I remember sitting there when my mom told me and not feeling anything. For a while, I felt really bad that I didn't feel anything. I felt almost like I...
I've always been a modernized disco fan, and I just discovered this song the other day and have been listening to it non-stop:  YouTube - Chromeo - Night By Night Video  HE DANCES SO WELL.
I am a feminist through and through (I just can't respect someone who isn't an equal rights supporter) and completely proud of it. Most people I've talked to who don't agree with feminism don't...
Like when I lost 50 pounds? Yes.   Dance parties are practically ENFP central. I went to a simple party once where everyone was standing around doing nothing, and I popped in a CD that I burned...
I once did a 5 page English term paper starting at three in the morning and ending when the sun came up. Procrastination is a disease, and the only way I know how to deal with it is to deny myself...
I didn't ask for anything specific from anyone this year. I'm curious to see how well people know what I'll like.  Unfortunately, this usually doesn't turn out well, but I'm keeping my hopes up....
I usually just make the bed and move everything that's on the floor to the closet. If it looks clean, it's clean.
YouTube - Wig In A Box (from the movie Hedwig and the Angry Inch)
1. I was happy with my life, but I honestly had maybe met two people in my life who could be ENFPs, and I grew up in an SJ family, so while I didn't think there was anything wrong with me, I...
I was never really the in-your-face rebellious type. I suppose not getting involved at all is my way of not conforming.
People who are rude/bitchy not for any real reason, but just for the sake of it. When people do this, I make it a point to stop responding to them.
^^^ I know a salon that can do that for you. Who needs rage when you have PRODUCT???
Honestly, the first thing I thought when I read the first paragraph was WHY ARE YOU NOT WRITING IN PURPLE!??!?!?!  But on topic: For me it's sort of an ass backwards system. I don't really have a...
Experiencer first, Innovator second.
I guess I'm really not shocked anymore when someone does something people would consider bad, or evil. Honestly, I just really hate the entire good vs. bad idea in the first place. I've done things...
I usually can spot people who are faking mainly because I'm pretty good at discerning motives. When someone does something, I'm likely to be able to understand why they did it. If I recognize you're...
In high school I was the crazy, funny guy, but like Shine said, smart and lazy. I pretty much never did homework, but also never got lower than a B in any of my classes. I really can't say I had any...
I've done this a few times in the past.  I had a friend who was becoming really close to me, and I wasn't really ready for it. He was an ESFP, and I guess I became a sort of support system for him....
I'm on board with mostly everyone here. I'm definitely a melody guy. Electronica is probably my personal favorite, but a good song is a good song either way. I've had rap and country music phases in...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRUaNQMUpEQ
I can relate to this so well it's scary. Great post, this was exactly what I needed to read right now.
I've always had a thing for birds, and this may seem odd, but I've always just thought that vultures were just too cool for school.  http://www.animalwebguide.com/Vulture-1.jpg  I mean, it's...
Here goes!  Mamma Mia - ABBA Cryin' - Aerosmith I Don't Like Your Band - Annie My Turn - Basement Jaxx Gimme More - Britney Spears Trouble Sleeping - Corinne Bailey Rae Voyager - Daft Punk...
I am desperate (DESPERATE) to learn to play the harmonica right now.  No, you're not alone! :happy:
Don't judge me, but when I was younger I was fascinated with kill bill, and I can do everything Gogo does in this fight(except get bashed in the head and take it like a champ). ...'"


2882: 'I daydream. A lot. I'll make up full-blown stories in my head. It's a lot of fun.
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/15/sc...-oxymoron.html  For the past 5 years, or maybe itx92s more like 10, Ix92ve been meaning to publish a New Yearx92s Day column offering a bold resolution for...
Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/15/science/positive-procrastination-not-an-oxymoron.html  For the past 5 years, or maybe its more like 10, Ive been meaning to publish a New Years Day...
The quote is a description of the inner workings of the ISTP mind.   What you're describing with the inventor vs the getrdun mode sounds like dominant Ne and weaker secondary Ti to me. ISTPs are...
Figure out ways to liven up routine stuff like housework. Also, self-bribery works wonders.
That's an impossible goal. You can't simply choose to forget your beliefs, and why should you? Poke them, prod them and question them relentlessly, but don't try to forget them. Beliefs are largely...
drmiller100  I'm having a Ne moment here. Do you relate to the following?
That we're all Doc Brown from Back to the Future and that we lack morals, ethics and a conscience.
You're depressed. Has it been a dark, crappy winter where you are? If so, maybe it's seasonal affective disorder.  Go outside. Get some SUN. If you can't get sunlight on your skin, buy some Vitamin...
Saved from an unnecessary book purchase?   ...  I love you! *hugs*
All of your friends seem to be worried about you. The ones that call you stupid probably don't actually believe you ARE stupid. They have likely picked up on the fact that you would hate to be seen...
Personality, I think you're cursed here in the ENTP forum. If you create a post, the fighting WILL begin! :crying:  Anyway, are you happy with the ESFP label? Does it fit like a glove? Is it like...
I think you INTPs might experience the cognitive empathy described here: Maria Konnikova
Having high standards in this regard is admirable, and the fact that you've openly admitted them (even on the internet) indicates courage. Very nice!  When you meet the one, she might not live up...
Take away their freedom and make them feel stupid while you're at it.
One of my favorite people in the whole wide world happens to be an INFJ. Hanging out with her just seems quite natural. I can be myself without filtering.
I'm a hot head who experiences bouts of temper at unexpected times. For this reason, my family giggles uncontrollably at the idea of me being a cool headed rational. I get excited frequently, but...
You won't be able to talk him out of being a mooch. Cut him off. A hungry ENTP is a productive ENTP.
I've screamed Eww! twice during this thread; my dog thinks I'm insane.
I'm am disappointed with the guys listed. Of all the men in the world, why them?
Speak for yourself. :tongue:   Finally! Someone brought God back into this discussion about spirituality.   Immature ENTPs do this. I wouldn't say it's a mature trait.   Learning to...
You're pretty awesome. Just saying.   I never thought about what it would be like to have two teachers in a relationship. I LOVE to teach people, but not everyone likes to be taught. Fascinating!...
The ISTJs I've known have been awesome people. They haven't always been easy to get to know, but I value the stability they bring to a relationship. I can count on them, always, and it makes me want...
Incorrect is incorrect. There are many individuals who speak multiple languages with better skill and accuracy than you have demonstrated. I point this out because you are quick to label other people...
Would an ESTP be caught dead wearing a shirt that says: There's no place like 127.0.0.1? I don't really see it.  I started off making the stuff I related to blue, but now it's all blue. So either...
Someone accused me of doing drugs not too long ago. When I got done laughing hysterically at the idea, they felt even more certain. Ha!
Hello, Clueless... I mean, Floo! :kitteh:  You're too young to be accurately typed. Your tertiary function hasn't unfolded yet, making an accurate four letter typing improbable.
*imagines an ENTP city*  Dear God! :shocked:
A though process? Hmm. I've never heard of that before. I'm not sure what an ideia is, either. Eufemism? Oh! Did you mean euphemism? :dry: Seriously? Maybe you should hold off on calling someone else...
When I was a child, I could and would talk to anyone about anything, any time or place. Then when I hit puberty, I was panicky about meeting new people; I would even choke up around people I knew....
Plenty of your quips were indeed pointless, and they failed to add anything of value to the discussion. You are being a bully, and ENTPs have no respect for bullies.  Oh, and by the way, who made...
I went through cycles of tomboyishness followed by bouts of extreme girliness during my childhood years. It just depended on whether I cared enough to put forth the effort to be feminine; the default...
My negative (or traumatizing, for those with a dramatic bent) memories tend to pull energy away from me rather than towards me. They also make me a depressed and antisocial asshole. I've never tried...
Oh my gosh! What fun!!!
Hey, that's my line! Are you sure you're an ENTJ? 'Cause you sound an awful lot like an ENTP to me.
That movie is so NOT the bestest. Don't do it! Read the book (the book is excellent) but never, EVER watch the movie. It's a flaming pile of poo.
Be the awesomeness you wish to see in the world. - u200bGandhi
... when you realize you've been staring off and others are observing you with fascination.
Art is anything that delivers a powerful emotional experience. Books, music, paintings, nature. Even a meal can be an expression of art in everyday life.   The world is brimming with art to enjoy.
I'm still trying to find the essence of the type myself. If you stumble upon anything amazing, please share. :kitteh:
On a team with me, they can't be fun. They're too busy trying to counter my antics and keep us moving towards the end goal.  For an ENTP, Si is the anti-fun function. But for a Si-dom, I'm sure...
I don't understand the logic behind choosing ISTJ as the anti-ENTP. ISTJs are awesome, but stiff. They need to let loose sometimes. This is where an ENTP can help them out a bit. On a team, they...
America needs a better mental health system in place. When imbalanced people can't get the help they need, tragedies like this happen. It's not guns, videogames, drugs or anything else we like to use...
Alone in a room full of people is the most potent loneliness there is.
Hee hee. Here you go, then!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVn1oQL9sWg
Let's see...  I fear never getting my shit together.  I fear getting my shit together... too late! *dun dun dun*  I fear losing my family/friends to sickness. Don't ask me why it's sickness....
I bet everyone comes here hoping that. :kitteh:  Welcome to the forum. We have approximately 30 bajillion INFPs here, so surely someone will get you. :D
For today, I'm fixated on:  * Personality theory  * Improving written English skills/AP Style  * Personal growth, productivity, achievement  * Cooking
@the3rdpower   Shall I break out the foil helmets? :shocked:
Get away from him immediately. If you think of him in the future, pray for him or something. But get yourself away.'"


2906: 'I really just hate it when the person gossiping is trying to get me to change my view of whoever it is to match what they are saying and reassure themselves (you know what i mean? right? isnt...
You've caught the narcissism! Quick run to the store and buy an EgoCheck kit ............ But really. I agree with what many others have said, I used to think this way too and it's more of a...
Warmth 1.7        /
Enthusiast Enthusiasts are lovers of ideas. They spend a lot of their time in their minds, exploring ideas, establishing theories, and understanding phenomena. Usually they like exploring scientific...
Yes.
Sounds like you need to chillllll outtt maaaaannnn.. haha no just kidding. Yeah could be any one of those things, or you could just not fit into MBTI very well. No worries. It shouldn't define you...
Oh, I was assuming the proposal was outside of the imminent death scenario. My fault. In that case- of course, darling. ENTrePeneur
Oh dear.  Past:  Hilary Duff floral patterns scrapbooking peace signs Facebook (...) writing song lyrics and singing them just to myself though bc I am horrible amoeba-ish patterns
All of them!
I'll get back to ya :cool: (like to keep my options open, sure you understand)
I mean infinite change. Not just one.
fuck
Obviously the ability to change my superpower whenever I wanted.
I got ESFJ, but then on that particular test I usually score INTP or very slight preference extroversion over introversion. Good idea!
All my closest friends are introverts--that being said there's like, 3. And that's pretty much all my friends. Friends that I would actually consider friends, like make me a better person and I...
Are you a rager? An unpredictable berserker prone to raging on a regular basis; Mm...no. Maybe when I was a kid. It was usually little annoyances that built up over time and I was finally so fucking...
I didn't finish this..but why don't you ask him? Hmm
Yes. Nobody knows who I am. But that just means I get to be whoever I want. :ninja:
I remember thinking when I was a kid, ok so like if heaven and hell are real..what the fuck is anyone doing by doing anything but constantly following every aspect of their religion all the time?...
It's pointless for me to identify one. So I guess..change? For me, life is about being dynamic, open, willing to periodically kill your old self and start fresh. If you're not challenging yourself,...
Ron has gotta be an introvert.  I also don't see April as a feeler, probably INTP? Maybe INTJ, but I think she's rather witty.
Domino by Aphex Twin.
I'm either ENTP or INTP depending on how confident I'm feeling at the moment (which usually has to do with them, too) The ENFJ one scares me with its accuracy.. :shocked: ISTP is good too, lol
In short: shit that doesn't matter. It won't benefit either of the conversationists to talk about it, neither of them really care, it's desperate, etc.
MainCoon Yeah. Organic is tough stuff. But for general chemistry it's good.
And if it's math or certain sciences, Khan Academy rocks.
Yes, holy shit, ambient music is your friend. I recommend Aphex Twin ambient works 1&2. Speaking of friends. Teaching things to other people helps me remember them so much better. Actually...
Let me put it this way: If I'm not able to live forever I'm gonna be kinda pissed.
Yeah, probably. I hate that show though. It's right under Big Bang Theory.
my brain is constantly coming up with ideas that are, if I do say so myself, absolutely brilliant and creative.....  What I need is an entourage of people to follow me around and carry out my...
Extroversion 



|| 56%   Orderliness 


| 32%
It's kinda like your avi, actually.
Breaking Bad. Marathon that shit. Then you can decide what to do with the rest of your life.
Yes to the pacing, although I usually do that when I'm alone and talking to myself. I'm pretty conscious of how I appear to others (or maybe I just think so). Physically, I mean. I used to think I...
I dunno, I think I'm parts of both. They seem too extreme to me.
When I was a kid and the carpet cleaning people would come to my parents' house, they would leave those yellow Styrofoam type blocks under all the furniture as to not mess up the carpet while it was...
My best friend is an INFP. But he has this thing where he really gets where I'm coming from (most of the time) with my T-ness, I think without that I'd get tired of shit real fast. He's just really...
I don't usually actually feel things. I recognize that things happening should evoke certain things in me, and I might say oh I'm so excited or something, but generally I don't actually literally...
Yeah. I try to just tell myself, a semester is NOT an eternity. Four years is NOT an eternity, no matter what it feels like right now. Like someone before me mentioned, getting started is the hardest...
The Counselor. Best movie I've ever seen
Country of origin: USA   Country lived in the longest: USA   Nationality: German..but that was a long time ago.   Urban/suburban/rural (When you were growing up): Rural
Yeah. You're not alone. It may not get better in highschool, and yeah the system fuckin blows, but there's no other way to get things done than to do them. (yeah super profound right?) I know that...
62% intp  21% entp  7% infp  4% istp  2% enfp
this is still my favorite answer on this thread
If you haven't seen this movie, PLEASE don't read this thread, it's too good of a movie to be ruined.   So I just watched this for the first time about a month ago and since then have watched it...
That Hash House thing sounds awesome. I've tried improv in theatre classes before, I just can't do it. I see too many possibilites that I see like, none. But you made me think of another thing I do...
I take this as more of a compliment.
Yeah except I'm not a fan of a lot of those..but you gotta admit they're pretty together. I prefer softer colors though and less orange
28, i started picking generally angrier ones once i missed my first one. bc i felt i had failed so i was kinda angry but then i got it together again
@ GraceHess42'"


2922: 'I've been a mother for four years and in my good moments I feel this way too.  I'd probably characterize my experience as:   Most of the time: Tedious Chore - picking up toys, laundry, making...
I work for a big engineering company. A few tips:    My favorite detail delegatees are INTJs- Capable enough of outside the box thinking to understand my directions.  If the work involves having...
you misunderstand. If we were all the same temperament- balanced, not bad at anything but also not great anything, our ingenuity as a species would decrease dramatically.
I wonder if you're really so confident in your silliness, or if its just bravado as a distraction.. The renaissance wasnt great because everyone was the same.. it was great because everyone was...
My last interview: no, you don't understand.. My working part time really isn't going to be a problem for your project.  I'll be as good as three full time employees. (Doh! That sounded arrogant..)...
this is one of the most enfp posts I've ever read. Someone's got some well developed Fi..
Exactly.. Unless the stuff you're trying to learn has to do with social graces or relationship harmony (or disharmony) Fe is just going to limit the info your Ni has at its disposal.
I pretty much get along with everybody.. I know I can make most types uncomfortable at times, but I think it adds spice to a conversation.  There are some types that I'm often frustrated with:...
'Getting stuff' easily is more attributable to Ni than Fe..
This sounds very un-entp ish.. Lashing out in anger over not cleaning your plate?  Understanding your moms actual type could go a long way toward helping your relationship.  My best guess would be...
yeah, I'd say from experience Infps can be one of my most difficult types (my mom).. It's the Ti versus Fi.  A balanced infp can be great, but anyone using Fi as a crutch I basically have to handle...
I have two, a baby and a preschooler.    The bad- the kind of impact I think I'm capable of making on the world is epic.  My visions of grandeur usually involve solving world hunger or at least...
Ah.. the table, and it all becomes clear.  So.. it's essentially MBTI with one dichotomy added to account for emotional stability. I wonder if an SCUEI and SLUEI have notably different cognitive...
um, I know next to nothing about the big 5.. I just took it and these are my results.  Where does the SCUEI come from?    I think my results are misleading.  I answered based on my internal thought...
I'm reading through this thread as I'm at a crossroads in my career, trying to decide if I should take on a leadership position... but I had to stop- I dont think the 4 necessarily map to one of the...
Just for kicks, I think that the fact that you consider the mbti, administered by an expert, completely useless as evidence of ones type.. when in reality research shows that such tests have around...
Ha, I actually thought ebullients comments about my type were yours- hard to tell what's going on sometimes when I'm on the iPhone.. So you weren't quite as obnoxious as I first thought. And darnt if...
Wow arkigos.. You're kind of a belligerent little thing aren't you? Lol.. I could appreciate such passion if I was attacking your core beliefs but we're talking about some rockstar's type.. It might...
actually Jung himself thought he was a Ti, Ni.. And while I'm obviously not positive of my preference of Te over Ti, never having been hooked up to EEG, I think it's possible.  Regardless- additional...
Adam Levine is an ENTP.  He's so drawn to uniqueness, he's a non-conformist, he's overly confident, quirky, intelligent, outgoing and eloquent while still thoughtful.. The list goes on and on. He's...
Awesome ill take you up on that.  Are you by any chance single? :)
Does the book talk at all about marrying someone of a similar temperament?  Because I'm afraid she would just use it to continue justifying her Se choices..
What about Infps who are very critical of others?  My mom is an infp, single and actively dating.  Most guys never get beyond the first date because they're just not attractive getting older...
I think you hit the nail on the head here- I often sense that the dissapointment she's brooding over is only the tip of the iceberg.    Still, I dont know what to do in these situations...  Like...
I would love to resurrect this this thread.. I'm an Ne T (entp) and my infp mother seems to live this uber pessimistic, divorced from reality life.  I'd like to be close to her, but I feel like every...
Hey Ben, if you click on the link it goes into a decent amount of detail on the study.. 'mostly the same preferences' is closest. similarity on N/S is the most important. xNFx reported highest...
This is getting completely off topic, but much of what you say doesnt actually make sense..      Myers and Briggs based their work on Jungx92s cognitive processes with only a couple minor...
lol, It's bucky again.  This is the second time in as many days you havent actually read my post:
Hey Raich, you should look into the study- xSTPs and NTs are sort of exceptions.. better with Fs than other Ts..  ISFPs would be a nicer fit for you (if not for them, lol)
I wish i could find the actual thread with links to the research (anybody else know where it is??) but the official MBTI test alone actually types someone's primary function and attitude accurately...
Couldnt agree more.  Socionics is ridiculous...
To be completely clear, the study claims that type correlates to effective communication and relationship satisfaction. There certainly may be differences of opinion on this, but I think those...
lol, most Ts I know like facts.. and Ns and Js and Ps and Fs for that matter..  I didnt know facts were solely the domain of Ss :)
Most cognitive preference geeks i know have become pretty good at it though.  I personally dont tend to settle on a person's type until I've spent quite a bit of time with them- and my personal...
The prevalent opinion seems to be that MBTI and other frameworks for understanding temperament/cognitive preferences should not be used in choosing a life partner. I've seen too many friends and...
nice.. also, hypocritcal, considering..    Let me be very clear.  I am passionate about this subject.  I've seen too many friends and family members in horrible relationships.. Peoples'...
Um.. I think you got a little prematurely excited there bucky.. did you read my post.  I definitely DID date based on type (happily married now) and I definitely advocate dating based on type.   ...
Arent ENFPs supposed to be the best at typing people?  Do you need for them to have it tattooed on their foreheads?  Id think a conversation would suffice..     You think common values, but...
Well, yes, that's axiomatic.. however, are you arguing that no two people are alike in any way? You cant be, because that's just silly.  People are alike in lots of ways.. I have brown hair, and my...
Lol, What does that even mean?
HappyCamper pinkrasputin firedell myexplodingcat just to name a few.. I know this thread has been dead a while, but I stumbled across it and cant help myself..  Dont use temperament as a main...
that's a big statement with nothing factual to back it up..
Where does this flawed ideology come from? It seems to be the prevalent opinion, and it just couldnt be more wrong. I really like my two close INTJ friends. I love to hang with them. We have some...
Antichrist I think you mean anecdotally.  Here's another anecdote- I'm an Ne dom and dated an INTJ and it was an epic failure.  He was far too insular, and my desire to be constantly out adventuring...
Antichrist  Are you trying to say you think an INTJ and an ENFP are a good match?  Might I suggest you exercise your T and think about that one a bit before suggesting people with legitimate...
Antichrist  Are you trying to say you think an INTJ and an ENFP are a good match?  Might I suggest you exercise your T and think about that one a bit before suggesting people with legitimate...
*patiently waiting for werewolf wannabe*  hahaha
This surprises me.  I would have expected strong links on all four dimensions... We're all strong Ns.  We score between 80 and 100% on most tests.  We're also all strong Es except my mother..    ...
Yeah, you guys could do all this.. or just not date INTJs.  Talk about incompatible, lol
If he's an Se I'm a monkey's uncle. He cant see the trees for the forest.'"


2943: 'Can | Define Can at Dictionary.com
-2 capitalization errors -9 punctuation errors -3 spelling errors -2 missing transitional words -1 missing preposition -1 adjective used instead of an an adverb -and Waldo's in there too; I...
http://www.gossipcop.com/wp-content/uploads/heath-ledger-joker_l.jpg
Kind of hate movies because you can't really do much with 90 minutes, but I LOVE It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
I've never once doubted a traffic light and I've never seen one dressed as a traffic cop.
I've been away from these forums for a long time. This was the first thread title I've seen since coming back, and the first word that entered my mind was 'complexity.' I forgot how freaky this place...
Just had a pretty great night with an ENFJ. Very easy to communicate with you guys.  I've been completely upfront and honest about the ENTP tendencies, and she seems like she'll be okay with it. I...
Color: Dark Green Planet: Earth Animal: Human
Anyone else find this quote just perfectly descriptive of the way you feel?  As if the blind rage had washed me clean, rid me of hope; for the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars,...
Intelligence and loyalty. Can't really think of anything else that gets respect- though there are of course a lot more requirements for a relationship.
http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/global_warming.png
I'm just typing random things to get used to a new keyboard layout so I may as well use that typing to help you. I hope you don't take this as criticism. You should have said:  When your great...
Juggle things (figuratively). I don't know how people manage to do things one at a time without losing their minds. I usually have TV, music, IM, and studying going on at the same time.
Yeah when I own the world I'm going to include non-stupid-person instructions with everything that just show the 2/100 steps that wouldn't be easier to just do.
It's probably not your emotions you're gushing, but your Ne (imagination). Because of the Ne I think we can be damn near the most romantic type, but we have to be reminded to do it because it doesn't...
YOU are the crazy.
I'm starting to think a male ENTP's ideal is xNFJ while a female ENTP's ideal is an xNTJ. Robot women are just weirder than robot men, and harder to work with considering social norms, etc.  Also,...
I can see that. I thought too cold was impossible before I started looking into INTJs, but damn.
YouTube - The World Is Just Awesome  YouTube - Discovery Channel - The World Is Just Awesome
If you want to see a good clear example of a platonic ENTP / INTJ relationship, watch Adam / Jamie on Mythbusters. The show's hilarious after reading up on MBTI types. Jamie wants to get things done...
I'm 100% gone at the first betrayal, but fuck revenge. Revenge is for F's.
Yeah I used to be that way. Eventually you'll have explored you charm ability well enough and have people figured out well enough that that won't happen to you anymore. Hopefully anyway - the joy of...
I used to feel that way, but now I'm annoyed by going down avenues of thought I've already explored well enough. Example: I used to be THE politics guru. I knew fucking everything about it 10 seconds...
Yeah, my friends and I have questioned my E-ness, but every test I take no matter how critical I am comes back the same. I'm not shy at all, but usually the stories in my head are far more...
I think most Mitch Hedberg-type comedians are ENTPs.
Yeah, /agree with all of the above. I've alternately been called the perfect potential husband or cold as ice. Once it occurs to me to please my partner (like say she's going through a bad time) I'll...
Yeah it's taken me years to realize that this thing I'm so excited about today I'm not really going to care about once I've 'solved' it. It's pretty sad really. I envy people who can have permanent...
Pretty sure it's an Ne thing and maybe also the fact that you're female. Every EN I've met I think has expressed pride in that at some time.  More than any other type we appreciate and even revel...
Toeing the line is more fun. I wonder if anyone has kept stats on mbti type / bannage. I bet NTPs way overperform.  You know you're an ENTP when, by the end of class,  a) you've turned the entire...
Nothing has ever been good enough for the Council. grrrrr
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwZrr3f-NjQ
Working part time in a restaurant is a good idea. Even in the kitchen there's nonstop chatter. Only exceptions are host, busboy, and dishwasher. Always interesting drama and other stuff happening...
You may be relying on personality types too much. They're shockingly accurate in some areas but I don't think this is one of them.  That said, I think we're similar to INTPs in that we have very...
I agree with the practice thing. I used to be hilarious, but after three years couped up in the house working, I only know how to be funny online. In person I come up with the funny thing to say too...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAbMnMWHTvY&feature=related
Probably just due to people's tendency to do whatever the second poster did. The INTPs did it your way.
Looks like you want to turn a consistently dysfunctional relationship into a functional one. After six years I don't think that's possible.
Yep, it's 6 AM here, I got up around midnight after only a couple hours of sleep, and I have class / errands all day. That mood isn't going to change for a while. =]  btw I've answered your PM.
Only the bad ones. =]  I like how your my mood has changed like five times in the last couple hours.
The anecdotal evidence thing and the generalization thing.
If my view of the world came only from personal experience and what my guy friends tell me, 100% of the violence comes from girls. But that's ridiculous. It's also ridiculous to generalize the way...
He doesn't extrovert at all when he isn't working though. I think his interactions are primarily caused by his job. Remember how hard it was to convince him to hire new underlings? And the talking to...
Yeah I punched a wall once when I was 18 when I found out the girl I'd been dating for a month had a long-term boyfriend and I can't think of anything remotely physical since then. I'm 26. I think...
We're talking about a temper so bad it gets to violence so you're completely wrong. The only people who: 1) think many guys are like that; 2) attract abusers, and; 3) accept such abuse had fathers...
You  achieved learning just how worthless this guy is.You have been.Get help. Use google.   Seriously. You obviously have self esteem issues in the way you keep finding fault in yourself and...
Uh... Yeah that probably wasn't ideal...Probably a moot point now- but saying you're okay about not being with a guy who wants to leave you isn't exactly standing up for yourself.  But it sounds...
Don't worry- after six years he isn't going to do anything rash just because you made a reasonable request. This will pass. Don't cave.  Try emphasizing how much you love him while also sticking to...
I'm sure there's some huge debate somewhere, but House really seems like an INTP- not an ENTP. If he were an E he'd have more than one friend.
Remember that he's a T. Tell me which of the two would make sense to a T:  1. Stick with a girl who you can't trust and who spends all your money.  2. Stick with a girl who you can guilt into...
You sure you're not a J?'"


2945: 'I keep forgetting that Hannibal is K-villain-guy :ghost3: He was poorly underused here to the point where after I watched it for the first time, his existence fell out of my mind. This role seems to...
cow https://67.media.tumblr.com/0917d3698ece425da884cafea9f6f3d0/tumblr_ogbwavMCAY1qewsw4o1_250.gif  I think I tuned out most of what K-villain-guy said because he thought that anything good could...
I've missed what the chatter about and don't care to go through the pages so on some of the stuff that might seem like Te.  The time he meets Tilda for the first time. I mean, I doubt that I...
Strange - ESTP. I could maybe see ESTJ (in socionics terms, they have same dimensionality but it's arranged in different way) but NTP? C'mon, guys. Tilda - NFJ, I want to say ENFJ before INFJ....
No. Type shows not in one specific scene, it's always there. She does not show Ni dominance anywhere else. Magical powers are no Se, making majestic art is not Se. Having a mental breakdown after...
Reaching waaay too hard. Not everything is functions - neither IRL nor in fiction. It's a pretty children's cartoon, they made the scene look cool because it's a grand number of a star singer they...
My stepdad is likely ISTJ and yes, he is very fluffy humorous person.   Likely because he is 3 times my age and we have no interest in common so our relationships are stilted and I can't be 100%...
First all, when it comes to typology, Ive moved away from actual people to spherical humans of uniform density suspended in zero-g vacuum. They dont complain and just float there performing all...
I wonder if it's just general penchant of Pe-ness. ... Ehehe, read it outloud.  http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/372/824/49a.png
Belle INTJ And Jasmine INTP in the chart tho :''')  Problem with these charts it that one has to fill all the squares so it just turns into I must complete it somehow so I'm gon just pick one...
IxFP, if FP. I don't see high Tx in your post.
Western bird forums are ridiculously unhelpful - just bunch of people being excited about their birds.   nburns I'm telling ya, it's a cure in a way that it's making you feel less nausea. Other...
Yes, works for me. Polish is kinda like that to me too. Picking some Bulgarian bit there too.
I only know Russian, Ukrainian and English. :| And Bulgarian and Polish a bit. Later mostly due to knowing Ukrainian.   Imagine drinking the pickle water on the empty stomach a morning after you...
Kinda depends tbh. High acid food gives me the... apparently it's called heartburn in English. That being said, pickle water contains salt, vinegar and soda. And garlic and a bit of other spices....
I often don't notice them when I am engaged in something interesting. I only realize I'm tired, in pain and dehydrated when I come home and have nothing else to distract me.   Also it's because...
I reverse-searched Curi's avatar and Daily Cat Drawings oh my god all the cats. Crap, I want a cat now.
Heat is terrible and I had to spend most of the day out in the sun. And then 2 hours in bed with headache. Also dehydrated. I always remember that dehydration is a thing only afterewards. Oh, I...
Space epic simulator. 4X technically but more Civ than RTS. The mods ofr this game on Steam are stellar. hehe Stellaris on Steam   Or get annoyed by everybody who misses opportunity to play salty...
Wooooh! Figured out which mod is broken out of 30-something by sheer fucking guessing and it took me only 3 and a half hours - turning off any of big gameplay changing mods did nothing to my game...
This patch broke mods badly. But I can't live without my 30+ mods. Trying to weed out the one that kills the game.   Do you know any salty Batman let's play? Don't want to pirate >_<
Eh, in SOASE you don't need to micromanage ships, it's quantity>quality. As is Sollaris, although later is mostly Civ in space rather than any sort of RTS. Stellaris replaced SOASE:R for me since...
Stellaris. I'll play everything that has space in it. I like me some global resource management games, yes.
[double]
Point of personal pride - this colony http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/266095900574219469/6FF677D5182685C4EDF8D6F8B3D37043A4D37A08/  in this system...
OK, I started second game on Stellairs. With 5000 stars. As a human species. Not xenophiliac pacifists this time so I'll go on fuck up some neighboring species.
I don't believe that a single human can carry understanding of everything (yet, anyway, without some serious transhumanism) but science is about collective knowledge anyway. That list we are debating...
Watching Enterprise is making me into a bitter woman. Also I did not eat today at all. I should rectify that.
Of course we are not, the society just changed it's priorities and values. It's easy to argue that we are better purely because now on the global scale we value individualism and person freedom and...
http://i.imgur.com/NSg0kfe.gif  These statements are generalized and thus open to wide variety of interpretations which is aimed to make any person feel good about how they are definitely not doing...
https://twitter.com/MarsCuriosity/status/761302226576941056 bby http://i.imgur.com/HW1ujcz.gif   Same.   What the fuck.
Ugh, I didn't play and Cry is playing... boring Bruce. I want that salty sarcasm in my Batman.
https://static.thenib.com/usq/889867cc-23dd-452f-af38-a1c88048b63f/this-is-not-fine-004-4f0492.png https://thenib.com/this-is-not-fine?t=recent...
I consciously decide to value other people's lives and well-being which is based on understanding that other people's lives and well-being is a thing that exists and can be affected by my actions.  ...
I can't handle Enterprise even with grumpy bitter man's commentary over it. https://media.giphy.com/media/Ab2tLKySwKI48/giphy.gif     O_o and I agree :D   Goddammit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5tSpgU96WY  DC Comics *sin counter goes up*
My 16% must be due to pink accessories. https://confluence.atlassian.com/s/en_GB/6216/c269da91771772f1492b89368258770e9b0aea23.27/_/images/icons/emoticons/thumbs_up.png
Found a way to watch Enterprise without wanting to strangle a puppy - Star Trek (Ent): Broken Bow Yes, grumpy bitter man, guide me through this.  What the fuck http://i.imgur.com/zii3eFX.png Ill...
I''m gon be like crazy cat lady but with birbs.
Not gonna lie, bickering amuses me. And it's all bickering to me until people start using slurs.  So, looking at Suicide Squad reviews, I'll watch SS on camrip, and go see Beyond for the second...
http://i.imgur.com/UUbh9NB.gif
I've never doubted my heart-fix much - neither 2 nor 4 fit at all.
I'm so going to get second birb this year. Or next, depending on availability of lutino puppers. And a budgie. Budgie after the lutino pupper.
Shh, don't doubt tumblr's Pokemon-tested method.
Ah, another INTJ. Pokemon confirmed.
lets mosey    owlet    Tad Cooper  Got tired of waiting for dad to change my malfunctioning ceiling lamp (been waiting a year) and decided fuck it, I'll keep and eye on him so I let Harley out. He...
Not according to tumblr. http://66.media.tumblr.com/01cd97db395df11952a55cd1081f701d/tumblr_inline_oamwvbrfx31slrvm0_1280.png  Also I'm a confirmed ESTJ now. ^   Im genuinely thinking it had...
Barakiel owlet throw me onto an uninhabited planet alone just dont lock me up in a place with other people.    :laughing: oh bear dis good  lets mosey Kirk and his shirts...
The story follows Junpei, a college student who is abducted along with eight other people and forced to play the Nonary Game, which puts its participants in a life-or-death situation, to escape...
Steam Workshop :: ISB Standalone - Doomsday Weapons & Ships  http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/273974515707096545/6699CE1356A3BAFE6331A38EBEF07D895B5A17E6/...'"


2964: 'When s/he seems afraid to tell you that he does love you?
Madvillain/professor, I was more of a trickster some years ago, but people change.
I think I'd hunt and kill the internet, just for kicks.  Or cancer, fuck curing the shit, who needs a healthy cancer? Let's kill it!  Oh and I'd probably do like Jazzlee hunt You too, guess it's a...
Concerning the original question(it's late and I'm way to tired to read five pages worth of texts):   Almost all the time and every day. It nearly drew me mad at a point in my life. Not in the fun...
Listen to this tune  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfq_A8nXMsQ   It usually helps me a lot when I feel confused or lost.
Try playing Go, it is one of the most interesting and challengeing games around. Oh and yes, I usually end up beating everyone in most board games. And a load of card games as well.
If someone offers you drugs, make cake. Put drugs into the cake. Suit up, get an officious bible, get a stand and offer Free salvation cake to passers by.
I have two real fears, and these are things i can't really confront in a constructive way.  The first is that I will wake up one day and realize that this life has only been an absurdly long dream....
http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?db=comics&id=2228#comic
Author, engineer and scientist. All at once. It is actually what I'm going for at the moment and thus far it goes well :)
Paranoid 

 22% 49% Schizoid 




| 62% 53% Schizotypal 





 74% 53% Antisocial 



 46% 47% Borderline 

 30% 47% Histrionic 


|...
My Christian friend(she is studying to become a priest) once asked me what I would do if she were right. What I would say if I came to the pearly gates and all that crap and had a one on one with...
Indeed, I am a sardonic dickhead when I want to be and you just earned it, Happy happy you
I don't dislike celebrating birthdays per default, but to me it is more a good reason to celebrate life? That having been said I try to get people to forget about my own birthday.  I think it all...
Almost never. It's a to unbalanced drug. But that one occasional drink with a good friend happens. But that is like every odd moth. And it mostly stays one drink as well.
So I'm not an Enfj, but here's a poem that Isn't finished yet and i have no name for it. It is meant as a slam poem so read it out laud and imagine a beat.    There's a young boy sitting at the...
So I have had the student reception for the whole last month. It ended 0500 in the morning today. During this reception there have been several different competitions. One competition was reserved...
I do think most Entp.s can be and are romantic. Just in their own little way. As many has stated above me. It's one thing to follow the classic approach to romanticism and another to be romantically...
Well actually there was one. The one and only, you might say. But I think we sent it into orbit. Or sealed it in magma. Or both. Probably both... Yeah, definitely both. And sharks with knives too.
Spagetti!!!
Glue coins to the floor or to the pavement. Classic and fucking hilarious. Get good seats though, glue them close to a bench or something.
I Have been sitting Looping. This Loop Especially.  C-c-crazy?  I was Crazy once. But, THEY put me in a RoUnD room to Die! But You Can't die in a rOuNd room... couse it ain't got no corners......
I'm an Atheist, I do respect people's religions(one of older closer friends is currently studying to become a priest) but I can't neither see nor understand why they keep them. It's a live and let...
Locke Lamora. Read the books about him. The first is even named The Lies Of Locke Lamora. I think most Entps would like it^^
Jazzlee :Mm, Kth, sjukt taggad, har gtt ett tekniskt basr nu senaste ret. Sjukt hrligt, vad ska du plugga dr?  Mohahahaha no. There is no conspiracy and even if you find more proof we will...
I'm mainly just being me. My friends have told me that I flirt with everyone I meet. But I'm not consciously doing that. I usually come of with a lot of energy and enthusiasm towards life. And I am a...
Also cyberhug back!
What University? ^^ Actually, I'm also Swedish and will be studying at the Royal academy of science and engineering the oncomming five years! Also sort of worked my as of to get in so I feel you! :D
*Checking DOOM-Meter* Nope. Your not so Doomed it would appear. Only slightly doomed to your upper left side. But that could be something completely different affecting your DOOM-scale. Maybe you've...
You know what you should do? You should like... buy a fuckload of swords, katanas preferably and like smash them to bits. Then you could decorate this wall with it. It's like a mirror, only it'd be...
Ironically i would probably have invented those eyes or arms^^ And probably some more similar stuff like that. I will have a house on the moon, for holidays. I will have contributed allot to the...
Chaotic neutral, all the way^^  It is as they say Might save your life, might steal your car
ooppps, Didn't SeE ya ther, said the shovelwielding-dungflinger, which on inspection turned out to be your father.
I actually would stay the same, It is not that I'm not curious(because I am) but I like me very much as I am, dangling bits and all.  Blind or deaf?
defenestrated....
Water. Especially after training.  Si-Fi or Fantasy?
I have an account but it's been ages since I actually uploaded anything. Chogi on deviantART I'm mostly into skulpting, sketching and drawing stuff, though I haven't uploaded any pics in say two...
Emm.. Death please? No! I meant cake! Cake please!  Pub or caf?
And you have the rights to keep it. Still it is a illogical opinion but, I think it can be nice way of thinking. To me knowing that my emotions is based on different chemical compounds released in my...
Although it certainly helps^^
1. That might indeed be the case. Or a different sort of mushrooms?  2. We used Mimosa Hostilis root bark. Extraction method was to dissolve the bark(powdered if you can get it that way) in lye....
My drug of choice is the sweet cocktail of endorphins released when I train and go at it a 100%. Nothing quite like that. That having been said I have done some unnaturals(meaning not bodily...
I confess to several things, first, I do confess a to a similar struggle with myself as the one Kr3m1in has got. I also confess that I do envy those who can settle down and be happy with comfort and...
I like Final fantasy six through 10 (haven't played the rest and have therefor no opinion), Most of the Zelda Series and also SSX Tricky and SSX3 (Un-realistic Snowboarding games).   Ohh, and...
Helped me loads already^^
Is it only me or shouldn't we get this thread sticky? Seems like a very good help to many of us^^ I must say Mister Tony Starks advice is totally awesome!
I agree with Fizz, to little fire but still fun. i had a fun time though since i was going to three different parties that night. Last one i arrived at 23.59 local time.
This is a cool way to die!  Dangerous? Perhaps. Fun? Definitely!
Happy Yule-tide to you all and thanks for all the advice, I will take them into consideration.  To answer you Coke ; She said that I had bad manners because of me wanting to leave so quickly at the...
I ask this mostly because of a recent(yesterday as a matter of fact) unpleasant event.  Long story short; My friend Mimmi has a friend by the name of Camilla. I met Camilla for the first...'"


2996: 'Your sarcasm needs more work.
For quite some time I have had the desire to pursue my love of stand up comedy. Being at the disadvantage of not having any local venues to attempt the ass clinching aspect of going on stage, I...
Dark, very dark, like interstellar space or an African's skin...   I laugh at the idea when someone finds something offensive when it has no conjunction with their daily lives.  If I use the word...
next post
I have been activated... exterminate!  1.) If you could have any dinosaur as a pet (miniature size, obviously) which dinosaur would you choose and why?  http://i.imgur.com/Dhfr8Rq.jpg  2.)...
Ouch, that hurt very badly.... shit....
The enjoyment of watching the world burn... *Pulls out the supplies to make s'mores*
Playing devil's advocate.
The Illuminati is running the new world order!!!!
Ah, and once again we find an INTP finding logic in utter nonsense.
http://static01.nyt.com/images/2013/08/04/magazine/04wmt/mag-04WMT-t_CA0-master675.jpg
When my ex-wife asked me if I was excited to be a dad. I know how I felt... what I couldn't decide was which facial expression should I use?. I went with with smiling in the face of fear.  ...
asking the question May I get your opinion on this?
I still kill vasts amounts of wasps with a improvised flame thrower (rattle can and a lighter).  Ants... they ded  Spiders... The can go back outside to kill the other bugs.  Flies... I've...
I've gone 3 weeks living off pop tarts, hot pockets and roman noddles without leaving the house and only responding to texts. But I was recovering from surgery and living alone.  Still.. I go days...
Oh my god you are so fucking sexy! How are you single? <- an overly desperate girl I met on Tender  Because I refuse to repeatedly sick my dick into crazy...  Oh, I completely understand!...
#YallQueda #YeeHawd (Admittedly funny... yet *sigh*)  Where is the police? Why is it that white people waving guns and protesting in the streets don't cause the same outrage? (Again *sigh*, this...
Do you REALLY care about me?  Ignore... I was too lazy to notice.
Evidence
Tempting me with pizza... how sly of you.
hehe.. he has a beer belly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkQcao5gD1E
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdz5kCaCRFM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JW5UEW2kYvc
Yeah, I can't help notice the look of the girl's face at 1:27 Thank god I am getting paid for this shit
Splish splash I was taking a bath.
Lack of humidity
Already a better song
To continue on with this fad.
To the title, A stuck door.  The the post, a chance to learn something new.
I would have to say Old Sparky would get the job done fairly well. It fried 315 individuals, certainly at handful were INTPs.
Not being able to stop vomiting... the tears come no matter what.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfVsfOSbJY0
I have had long discussions about this with a couple of different people. Both my mother and sister have spatial sequence synesthesia. They both involuntarily see dates and months surrounding them....
My goal in life is to figure out why everything is so meaningless... thus giving my life meaning.  PLEASE, for all things holey, do not poke holes in this paradox, for I may cease to exist.
psychedelicmango good morning! It was a wonderful thing to wake up to, I'll save your words for tonight.
I test as an INTP 50% of the time. So I am BiNTP, able to switch between the two when I so desire. But I do gravitate towards the INTP's because you are all a bunch of magnificent bastards! Mark my...
I drive a lot, I enjoy ever aspect of it. You haven't truly experienced overcoming adversity until you have driven a piece of shit, on its last leg, through New York City with a ridiculous, self...
When my daughter guilt trips me into adopting a homeless black child for Christmas...  http://i.imgur.com/Vtzbdae.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVYArjS-Ee0
I have been to several funerals in my life. I've been to all but one of my grandparents funerals (4 in total including a step-grandfather). I was a pallbearer for a good friends mother's funeral (She...
INTonyP  That's funny I forgot she was in that movie and I really enjoyed that movie. My mind goes to this when I think of Andie Macdowell   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYQMEOp04Iw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6s26WxsgyKE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VF5P7qLaEQ
*Hammer  If you have not seen The Mist... please advert your eyes. Otherwise enjoy   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktqNNsVJhUE  First time I saw this movie I forgot to breath until he...
I was still a confused INTP at that point thank you very much! :rolleyes:
Well I guess if you read the first line of my comment and stopped there, I could see how you come to that conclusion. I was referring to how it has caused such confusion among the population....
It is the same as any type of addiction, your mind becomes adjusted to certain way of processing and habit that forms is the hardest part to break. When my ex-wife finally left the house and her...
Honestly? It is hard to say really, we were already in bad shape prior to her leaving. I spent 6 months aware of the love being missing from the relationship on her part and 3 months is a desperate...
I hate to be the one to tell you, but you are building her up in a manner that even if she did like you, she could never live up to. I am not exactly sure as to the reason you smitten by her if you...'"


3006: 'So deep.  Sorry ...
I know how you feel, but that is fire that you may not want to play with.  But it is obviously your own call.  All I'd advise is don't mix that with any other downers. Opioids especially.  That's...
Grumpy is the best.  I save her movie - voiced by Aubrey Plaza - on my DVR for whenever the nieces and nephews come over.  Of course I like it too because I'm a huge sucker, but  I understand what...
I know.  I'd take another, but they're cat napping at the moment.  I see you have a precious ginger of your own.
They're kinda young.  The one on the right is the girl.  She's maybe four now.  The boy is on the left.  He's somewhere around three.  I don't really know for sure though.  They're both adopted. ...
716937716937
I have no idea why, but for some reason I find this statement endlessly hilarious.  Well done, Sir.  Postcount +1.
I am more than aware that there is this cultural thing where people who feel marginalized overcompensate by essentially calling who they see as their oppressors even when - at least other than having...
Not at all.  I was making a joke.  But if want me to get unnecessarily snarky I suppose I could swing that, but I'm not particularly in the mood at the moment.  Do as you will, but I'm not really...
Apropos of nothing phones are the absolute worst.
It's not a trap sweetheart.  If you want to take your ball and go home a single tear shall not be shed.
I'm not certain how to take that, but since you seem to be somewhat amicable I'll contribute.  I have been in situations such as everyone when I'm a hot mess.  I've also been very close with some...
Guess what really pisses off NTPs.  Go ahead, guess.  I'll wait.
I see what you're getting at with the humor.  If we can't laugh at our own wretchedness then what can we laugh at?  I will say that I picked up on more than a kernel of truth about yourself in what...
Yup, so you just drop things like that anywhere you'd like?  Aww, are you going to go run to mommy or just admit that you're trying to mess with ENTPs?  Stop it.  It isn't cool.  Hold on, I'm...
We all have that one story pocketed. It is the end is it not?  No, because we never want to tell that.  Shit, it would lay the end to our journey.  What we don't realize, proud Girl, is that we...
Seadrona  Fuck you.  Write more.
Far be it from me to tell you what to do MusiCago (on another random tangent Cook county is my home away and all that), but you had me on two things.  The first is that you're couching this...
You can get doctorate degrees in this shit and still be as much of a dumbfuck as you sound like today.  I don't want to sound like an asshole, but in this case I kind of am.  Do you really want to...
Dear Reader,  I have missed you.  Honestly I have.  The fucked up shit that has happened in our southeast really meddled with my travel plans.  But worry not.  I am still gainfully employed.  I...
You are most welcome.  I appreciate the fact that you have a very few handfuls of fucks to give.  You're honest, and I like that.  So I'll be honest for a moment.  I'm a lazy fuck and I try to keep...
Think I caught this in passing, but I just wanted to say that I really enjoyed this.  What you've said catches me.  I don't want to say well done; just, thanks.
Jake. Jake.  Why did he say that name?  It is not his own.  It is not the name of the creature curled next to him on the sand.  It had looked like a weasel when he had seen it in his room, but it...
It does feel difficult to hold what a person holds to themselves.  It hurts one might say.  However, once you jump out of your sheets and see those eyes staring at you from the base of your bed you...
I am, and I still find myself gross.  Better to wallow in your own filth I suppose.
Hello, lurkers.  Are you going to leave it up to me and LittleDreamer and FueledByEvil?  If we're going to do this by some sort of power of ten then we're defeating the purpose.  Write something....
And yes, careful with the truth from the mouth of babes.
Stupid phone.
This is so completely overanalyzed.  If he wants to fuck you he will.  If he doesn't he'll shove you off.  It's as simple as that.  Try to jump his bones and see what happens.  If you're looking...
I know this is likely fiction, but some part of it hits you right in that not-so-sweet spot.  So, I shall respond shortly in kind.  Fiction?  That's for you to decide.  I wrote a nice tribute for...
FueledByEvil Perhaps this is better said in a PM, but I think you've pretty much outed yourself.  In conversation with you I've come to appreciate what you're saying minus the bravado.  Pardon me...
LittleDreamer There isn't a single person that can tell you how to feel.  Your grandmother is to you as she is.  Keep what you feel is necessary.  That is no ones business but yours.  Your...
Okay, LittleDreamer.  This will be short because it must be.  I have other things to attend to.  Things that you perhaps may not understand, but I hope that you do.  I'm not conspicuous because I...
We don't all fade.  Don't lose faith.  Very darkly beautiful.  I approve.  Dear reader,  I want to thank you all for heeding my advice.  I didn't have to cull a single one of you.  I'm now...
Edit: I'm bad at this.
Good on you for getting over it.  Keep writing, I'll listen.  Best,  Haldir
mushr00m I do like kitties - I have three of them - and I also have a long history of liking INFPs.
Dear reader,  I had to follow this asshole to Copley Square.  God damn it do I hate the T.  Boston is a fucking gentrified piece of shit.  There's a Burger King very close.  I forced his ass in...
You're very close, but that is not from LOTRs.  That's Roland of Gilead from Stephen King's Dark Tower series.
FueledByEvil  Either you've done some research or you know exactly what the fuck you're talking about from personal experience.  Whichever it is, well written.
Dear reader,  I have to hop a flight from SAN to BOS for a meeting.  There is a guy that I need to see.  I'll warn you again.  Don't be anywhere near the Back Bay in the next 24 hours.  Sleep...
I know how to shoot, son.  And if you don't know that character I feel poorly for you.
Haha, not a worry!
Good Christ.  Is fight training an INFP thing?  I've had a friend that is an INFP for a long time that could MMA your ass off.  I do not fuck around with INFPs.
Dear reader,,  I hope that you took my advice.  Between myself and my friend we cleaned out half a theater.  You would not believe how quiet people  can be.  I don't know why I'm still hungry. ...
Many of us would not call that a bad thing.
It is difficult to write about yourself.  No blame being shed here; however it does take just a shade of your inner Rage Against the Machine.  I know INFPs have that.  I've witnessed it in person.
Thought I'd stop by and say hello because I was invited to do so by one of your ilk.  Don't worry, I'm a very kind ENTP.  I'd like to hear some of your life stories and how you came to be who you...
Is this supposed to be clever?  Because if you have two brain cells to rub together you do realize how dumb that response sounds, right?  I hope that you're just fucking with me.
Dear reader,  I'm glad to be here for the eclipse.  I must admit that I planned it.  Do you know how many tourists I have dined on?  Have you ever been to Old Town?  You probably shouldn't.  They...'"


3029: 'define love...... but anyway, i loved once, but it was a selfish type of love. It was caring, cause i did care about the person, but deep down i think he was just another object that i felt the need...
we live to die.
Light Yagami, if only he was real..........
night person
was bullied all the way till i reached 9th grade highschool. But i wasnt nessesarilly the victim, i was a fighter, not physically, but verbally,- that just made people hate me more. I guess they...
i like black
wizards first rule- people are stupid
omg ur amazing and yes i did. i live by the series. There is a new book coming out have you read it
lawyer, actress, writer, politician/dictator, a profiler  like the ones on criminal minds.
What is stupidity? In my opinion a stupid person is one that believes that they know everything, and in doing so they discard knowledge, and refuse to listen to any reason or logic, thinking that...
i can be very good at math if i pushed a little bit more......but i didn't and i don't so......no im not good at math.
What is stupidity? In my opinion a stupid person is one that believes that they know everything, and in doing so they discard knowledge, and refuse to listen to any reason or logic, thinking that...
What is stupidity? In my opinion a stupid person is one that believes that they know everything, and in doing so they discard knowledge, and refuse to listen to any reason or logic, thinking that...
What is stupidity? In my opinion a stupid person is one that believes that they know everything, and in doing so they discard knowledge, and refuse to listen to any reason or logic, thinking that...
What is stupidity? In my opinion a stupid person is one that believes that they know everything, and in doing so they discard knowledge, and refuse to listen to any reason or logic, thinking that...
What is stupidity? In my opinion a stupid person is one that believes that they know everything, and in doing so they discard knowledge, and refuse to listen to any reason or logic, thinking that...
The terms good, and evil, are social constructs built to protect ones best interest. If good, or evil really existed then it would seem that it would be used as a universal law, in which all humans...
ya the fifth book came out a while ago. I live in Canada, and some books like ASOIAF (a song of ice and fire) come out earlier here than they do in other countries. In almost 400 pages into the book,...
Ok, this is a random thread, just wondering if any of you have heard or read George R.R Martins a song of ice and fire. If you have read the series what are your thoughts on it?
What makes a person good, what makes a person bad? Are these terms made up in order to make the weak feel strong, and in vise versa. Do you believe in the golden rule- to treat others with the same...
what are your personal views on marriage, do you think its absolute bullshit, and that marriage is only meant for the princess in disney movies, or is it legit. Is it possible to love someone till...
Do you think that entps have a higher potential of being  sex addicts than other types and if so why?
what are your personal views on marriage, do you think its absolute bullshit, and that marriage is only meant for the princess in disney movies, or is it legit. Is it possible to love someone till...
cutting, fucking, smoking, reading.... reading George R.R. Martin, or terry goodkind makes me pretty happy.
still in my teenage years but to sum it up..... lots of sex, depression, pain, and accomplishments.
What makes a person good, what makes a person bad? Are these terms made up in order to make the weak feel strong, and in vise versa. Do you believe in the golden rule- to treat others with the same...
mysterious, intelligent, and dangerous.
love is like a sweet poison, sweet at first but painful afterwards.
I'm doing a project in my philosophy class. In this chapter we are talking about ethics, and which is better,  having a guilty man go free or an innocent be punished. What are your views and why?
Good sex ;)
How can you hate an intj?
Lost mine when I was in boarding school..... He came to my room to watch lord of the ring retern of the king( [favourite movie btw) and all of a sudden we were making out on my bed, next moment we...
I'm a lion because I have strength, determination, pride, ferocity, courage, and um  intimidating at times. But I also think a snake represents me well, because I'm cunning, sometimes very quiet and...
it's only because your young, when your older you'll change your mind
I got 98  I'm not that surprised ;)
[QUOTE=affezwilling;1100113]I think we're great at making things up as we go.  We can take suggestions and challenges and work coherently within a group from time to time, but following rules,...
what would you consider to be our main weak spot, the things that make us vulnerable, something that takes the smile of our faces, and takes away that little hint of humor that we try to hide. What...
I can relate.... Only a little bit though....
You are 8.3% Evil.  You are 28.2% Chaotic.  Alignment: True Neutral  i think chaotic neutral fits me more
When im drunk my sex drive goes up, i go quiet, and then i start to get  angry..
slytherin for sure, or gryffindor
im very persuasive:laughing:
create an empire, become very powerful, make more money. With money like that, more money always comes along...... I would create a new world, and gain power, and use people like toys. When my...
u said it all... :laughing:
i would love to be an intj..... i truly believe that  i would get much more work done
snake, tiger,  shark, frog, and thats about it. I already had a shark, and a frog but they died so i want to buy one again.
what part of Toronto
In school, did you bully, or did you get bullied.
people bond to me, but i dont bond to them. :laughing:
i dont think the world will exist in 200-300 years:cool:'"


3069: 'I'd eat many fruit, japanese/other asian food, some nordic stuff + seafood And yes, it can be 1 style of food because it's actually - fish + seafood, vegetable and fruit thing only. *and of course...
Jaune Valjaune I want to type you too :P xstp, istp I'm 80% sure
Smart kid is the best kid. Kindness is easier to learn beause I learned it myself somehow while lacking that quality as a child. But I'm entp shitposter who found interesting post here, didn't vote...
https://mbtiresourcerer.blogspot.com/ - here I've found sth like that: 677834 677842  But can't find any other functions. I'd be cool if anyone would find any more of theese or other meme/doodle...
infx?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKf3T-uDYG8&index=1&
INTP I think
questions from questionaire XD  1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type? - today I realized: that I'm not interested in everything, because my brain is more practical than...
Why not all accept the last one?
I'd love to travel without having my own place yet I need to finish school first and find out how can I do that without killing myself. And how to mix that with science, misticism and living life...
The universal puprose does not exist for me. Biology gave me some clues, but hey... how for can one get with fu*king? Higher purpose - god choose you like a pokemon - no thank you self-made goals...
'getting my degree' but I look for some love and fun too :P
I need to work out first. I had 10kg muscles below the norm, now it's ok finally, but it took me 2 years.
Classical music concerts + opera if it counts only. I've never seen any real concert - metal/rock etc. But I want to.
677650 Have a selfie.
In Polish - kawiarenka osobowoci
I do ask for help if it's considered normal, so I can be even lazier, but I help others too. But I don't care who does more.
I'm entp - relatable = intp, enfp, intj
Because it's about clothes. We are all naked the same way, I think. And it's prohibited to go out naked, I guess.
hahaha yes, I didn't notice that, * edited. Thank you.
Please, reply only if you're intp. :>  By replying you agree that I can use this data *without names etc* in further research, on other websites etc. I get all rights to this data, yet the original...
everything, long time ago depression and low self esteem, now sociopathy and narcissism.
Please, reply only if you're entp.  :>  By replying you agree that I can use this data *without names etc* in further research, on other websites etc. I get all rights to this data, yet the...
enfp? entp can be too  Lol - after all these years... not really but that long time... my post is still in use - troll account was useful for others? welp   1. I experiment on myself -...
I forgot - I know that one. And I agree. :)
Anything alike things in the title is ok. Like monsters (inside or outside), crazyness...  What do I already know:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjmF4BPA4Hs ...
no to alcohol, yes to drugs
Long time ago, while I've been watching anime - I remember a scene where a character from Fairy Tail sacrificed herself to reverse time... And her whole life was worth 1 minute. !  She saved many...
Rango - ? ENFP (I'm nearly sure here) Beans - ?  IxFJ  Priscilla - ? ?
I meant 10-1% ^^; Sorry
percent of time spent in x place  ^^; and yes, thank you
- At home 90-99%  10-1% (no school included) - parks - forests - malls - anywhere walking  - shops with yogurts  - bookstores - garden  - theatre - long time ago, now I have noone to go with...
No. I try to go out once a 1-3 days. And I exercise every day.
Faith dies last.
I said I can't. So I stalk forum, because I can't make myself move and do something. (Writing hurts too btw)
Hi. :) Yeah. Many cool people here. :)
I've no idea what's happening to me.  I'm telling myself that's normal, but I feel it's not. And it's getting worse.   It has started about 5 years ago.  When I walk up I feel sleepy. All day....
It may be because I'm not sure if I'm INFJ or ENFJ with social anxiety/with every other kind of anxiety/who has no courage/is highly influenced and fragile in a house that lacks energy (people inside...
Ah... Thank you for response. :)
What do you do, then? (May I ask about your job?)
That's why I'm asking.
So... What's the difference (something I can see/hear/etc.)?
MBTI type is not the only thing that matters. But it's easier to find an ESxJ who is unhealthy and annoys others, because some types are more likely to behave in x way when they feel...
Internet is full of introverts. Maybe that's why.  Too much E annoys I's and too Introverted people are usually not liked by E's. So it's not that E's are hated.  But I know an ESTJ who hates...
Or just want to believe that strongly that they think they know that S<N. :P
What is your Myers Briggs type? INxJ or ENxJ Which are the Myers Briggs types you are most attracted to ? ENFP, ESFP, INTP Which are the Myers Briggs types you are least attracted to? ESTJ, ESFJ,...
Yeah. But WHY WOULD YOU EVEN LIKE TO CHANGE?
It makes sense. And I like it. But. Why would INFP's like to change into ESTJ's - the ones who they don't like the most? It's like I don't like evil. I want to be evil. I think it funny anyways.
Yeah, it's like a getto full of people who are able to understand this poll. When people outside (like 85% or even more) won't have any idea about what I'm talking about.
I don't remember him much, but for me he was that creep that comes from nowhere to scare lost little children. So much like my tested INFJ friend when we're 1x1.  And Itachi... my guess is P. But I...
Jesus...  everything is obvious. INFJ (cheshire INxJ or just INxx, Itachi INTP?)  I'll go for INFJ'"


3090: 'Sure, I had a big issue with the what direction should I head in conundrum when I was in my teens. It's common, but more difficult to hammer down for ENTp Renaissance Men.   Still in my twenties,...
I'll be transparent: I'm not going to read 15 pages to catch up. I skimmed/read up to page 6.  I almost took up the champion's challenge. What stopped me was the sexy allure of irony.   Ringz...
ENTp's subject their ideas to rigorous trials prior to moving forward. ENFp's take flight immediately; the time is nigh, before inspiration dwindles.   Obviously there are variables, and flaws in...
EDIT: misread OP. Thought it was character.
I'll begin by saying I don't consider myself a theist, atheist, or agnostic. That might be confusing. I enjoy taking part in the conversation, but refuse to be part of the argument. The argument is...
bellisaurius:  I appreciate it. I grew up aloof, and to be forthcoming with personal information is a development limited to the past seven years. It still feels out of character, so I tend to be...
Ha, ha, ha. Yeah, telling someone who's riled up to calm down is the quickest route to an explosion.   Compliments are awkward. (I haven't gotten used to the post thanking yet and forget about...
Word Dispenser:  ENTPs could never unify to build a city, because we'd keep rebuilding it for no discernible reason. It's my own thread and I can't stay on point. I'm like a fresh-blooded...
Every time I hear the word frankincense I'm convinced it's an imaginary thing out of a children's book. So, right now, my best guess is that it tastes like rainbows. I agree with your analogy. I'd...
Yo! Ha, ha, I guess we can chalk it up to the wise spirit of the Internet.  No need to be scared, I understand. If anyone criticizes what you're experiencing, they're an idiot. A shot in the dark:...
I intended to delete this thread shortly after writing it, because it seemed like a whine tasting. Reading it now, eh, not so bad.  I'd written this thread when I was being waterboarded by stress....
Even a pseudo identity. Invent a warlock, or whatever, and initiate web gossip and speculation around this guy. Maybe drawings, stories, and photos of him are laced throughout history. Products made...
..... o.p.e.c.  .....
Huh-what? I didn't even notice. What kind of monster would bring this back? Like a raccoon with the digging.
I don't think you're stupid or retarded. Though you must realize that you are addressing an audience of people who rig explosives to their own ideas, only to see if their ideas are still in tact...
Ebay will work. To make better use of your time, define your ideal customer and research the buyer/seller community to determine the best keywords to use. And, like Jabberbroccoli suggested, you'll...
Definitely. Who doesn't want to give up waitressing to run off and become a star? I'm still waiting to get discovered myself. But, you know, sometimes the brightest stars are the hardest to...
I think it should be a fluffy contest. Or furry, I forget. A bunch of gals, dolled up in animal costumes and photographed from iconic MySpace angles in sad face... Ingredients to the best forum...
Yes, I am wildly fascinating.   It's common for me to enter a room of relative strangers, fast forward fifteen minutes and there is a circle of people around me laughing and having a great time. I...
No reason to fret, it's spilled milk.   I think we can all agree the OP would have been flawless if he had introduced himself as a producer.
I'm more prone to think that we slipped from the OB/GYN like a fish and landed in a drum of chemical waste. This could be the missing link; I don't know, just throwing it out there.  Country of...
The most important thing to remember is that idiocy isn't one size fits all. Although idiocy is generally forged as a spanky, to appear lean, fit and trim.  By the way, I referenced the OP linked...
I didn't read the OP article but understood it had merit from the title. I just thought it had come to be common knowledge already.  I do see idiocy in many studies, however. Studies which clearly...
A friend had been arrested for selling to a minor years ago, and I found the circumstances bogus. It was definitely entrapment. So within an hour, I set events in motion which resulted in the charges...
It's not fun to see someone trampled by a herd. But once she gets past that wretched feeling in the pit of her stomach, it will transcend into a valuable learning experience.    Her desire is to...
I believe it's critical to confront and embrace. If a person cannot cope with that reality and moves forward anyway, failure is a guarantee. Not to say that success should be the driving force. It's...
It's hit or miss. Any true change you attempt to inject into anything established, be it a person or system, will be lashed out against ferosiously. It takes considerable time and sacrifice to...
I'm able but resistant. If you don't stand by some code of ethics and fail to hold yourself accountable, it's a long fall with no certain return.
Sweet. You went Tony Stark on it. The best question is: What can you do now with everything you learned? Every advance unfolds a multitude of possible applications.  I've recently fallen into the...
Yeah, so be careful with her. It's like trying to roll a vacuum cleaner over a pile of stuff, and then piling more and more in front of it. It will keep running until it begins to overheat and its...
It seems like a transition between Oooh, that sounds neat to What the hell have I gotten myself into?
What about a dog who can open a worm whole with its nose and launch humans into a black whole, because it tires of them?
http://binghamtoncondition.com/images/handscriptsample.jpg  My handwriting is a mess. If I try to write at a fast pace, it melts into a puddle where words are supposed to be.
While my ideas tend to be marvelous laviathans, they're always grounded and achievable. The hitch to it all is, Do I have the free time and discipline to get it all done? That is where the nimbus...
Probably should have left the choir part out of the story... It kinda... Takes something out of it.  Although I deduce, DEDUCTION, the whole thing was a mock post. That's knee jerk, but whatevs....
Graphic design: Web and print. When I say firm, I mean myself LLC; in my head, I counted myself and the registered business as two people. I freelanced my way through college years back and truly...
It is true that appearance plays a big role. This especially for women, since more consideration and attention will be lent to eye candy than it would to say, Helga, who owns forty-seven cats and...
I dig it. No worries about the commas. With the idea of you being sleepy, it was a skillful use.  There are so many different ways to format a correction, so I'll just offer one:  I'll give an...
Dudette... You need some shut eye. That isn't a challenge; you just seem tired because your commas are actually mimicking the sound of someone nodding off.  --  So is the proposition for member A...
You have to assume that you ideas and understanding are never enough and probably insufficient. It's an assumption that is likely to be true anyway.   Think of how science has been critically...
Logic is for cold, murderous robots. It's better to have a good cry that never ends. Not only is it refreshing but it could potentially end the clean water crisis.
I'm slim. I do forget to eat often and fall into the one big dinner a day pattern. Terrible thing. I'm also an entrepreneur.   How about this?: We have so many awesomely mind-shattering ideas...
I'm actually excited by the idea of losing, it motivates me. Problem is that the only loss I encounter is a person dismissing all information and insisting they're right against all reason---which...
Ja, mon. I know I realized at a young, young age that I didn't fit into the rules and construct of society. Freedom is paramount. Lack there of effects me too. I usually do freelance work, by my own...
Emotions are for the birds. I prefer hard computations followed by meaningless interactions with HU-MANS.  Actually, emotions are one of our most powerful and profound assets. You just can't let...
I don't get angry over anything serious.   It's more of the small, unexplained occurences that always seem to happen. They frustrate me for up to two minutes. The kind of things that make you feel...
I enjoy conflict when it's equally sporting, but otherwise avoid conflict because I hate hassle. I really do, and most conflicts are pointless.   I'm not afraid of physical harm; it just doesn't...
There are ways to shake yourself out of it, but it's just a temporary fix. You know those people who stand in front of a mirror and recite what makes them a great person, so they can survive another...
Having a combination of optimism and cynicism, either of two things could happen if I were to say what I was thinking---it could be warm and inspirational, or I could come off as a total dick. So,...
Huh, just realized I posted on the wrong board. Well, not entirely. I teeter between ENFP and ENTP.  Thanks for the skim. I believe you misinterpreted though. It isn't about life ending or the...'"


3093: 'I dance goofy and say quotes from funny movies!
Its very hard to express the DEPTH of emotion I feel within during conversation. Enthusiasm can only do so much and words simply don't do justice. I gave up trying long ago. Now I'd rather listen.
One reason I take my own vehicle to such gatherings is to leave early if I really have to. I hate being a party pooper so I will usually find someone I can talk to off to the side.
I did that as well. We were out in the great outdoors and I felt like I was making a positive difference in the kids' lives so I was completely relaxed and was able to be myself.
Have any of you been stuck at a social gathering/party or simply had to be around people the WHOLE day with no where to hide and no time to 'recharge?'   What happens to ISFPs when they are pushed...
I love songs that tell a story.. makes me feel like a kid again.  :)
Age of Empires 2 and Need for Speed High Stakes kept me entertained for hours. Don't really have the time to play anymore these days.
Group projects made it possible for me to pass English in high school. I had an absolute blast writing a script, acting and then filming on a friend's acreage! My worst fear was having to perform in...
These are pretty sweet. I'd love to have them all around the house!
I agree. There is no perfect translation because there are so many meanings for every hebrew word. I think the KJV is the most accurate by far although it doesn't use the correct names for alot of...
I personally find ladies in vintage dresses so attractive. Bright colors and long skirts appeal to me.  I usually tend to dress in polo/dress shirts with black pants or jeans from europe. I think...
Couldn't have said it better myself.. Seems like a common trait among ISFPs. Although it might not seem like much but the fact that the person still calls you up says alot.
haha Exact two habits of mine that drive the siblings up the wall!
He was born sometime in later September at the Feast of Tabernacles. There are alot of things in Christianity that are based on pagan traditions and holidays. Sabbath is another truth coming to the...
See if you can land yourself a job where you can be exposed to people or customers like retail for example. It helps when initially other people approach you with questions and you can help them as...
Half the backyard is a garden.. time to move to the country! I just LOVE spring when they all blossom and bloom. Such wonderful aromas!
I think its because of our personal values and the isfps' desire for a deep emotional connection that we keep more to our selves as far as relationships go.   I didn't give girls too much thought...
Too bad building exquisite and witty things from lego and electric toy parts didn't become a career.. I would excel and probably work overtime for free! I wish that the education system put more...
I used to have long hair and side bangs.. had no choice but to cut it after Justin Bieber took to the stage and had a similar haircut.. this thread makes me want to  grow it out again!
This I have to say is one of my biggest challenges. I always end up procrastinating or thinking of some lame excuse as to why I shouldn't call up a friend. It's not that I don't care for them but...
I'm starting college in september and will be staying at the coed college dorms. Chances are I will be sharing a room. I imagine this will be a stressful time and quite a huge transition especially...
Some of the best times connecting with people I've had was either at work or volunteering. I find it really easy to start a conversation one on one when we're both working on something. I quite enjoy...
Someone honest that I can trust with my inner turmoil. Someone I can provide for, protect and cherish. Someone with a smile to die for.  :)
For me, I like how they live in packs working with each other. We rarely see them out here in the prairies so I do have alot of respect for them as predators. Nevertheless they are quite beautiful...
When I'm thinking about something I always seem to get What's wrong?  I also hear: When's the last time you cleaned in here? Did you hear anything I just said?? What's YOUR opinion?...
Its a rat race out there! No matter what new gadget or gizmo you got, there will always be something bigger and better tomorrow. In my opinion the less you got the less you have to worry about as...
65 hours a week is madness! Good riddens.. I value my time more no matter what the overtime pay is. You can always get more money, but you can't get more time. If I could only find a part-time job...
Can you tell me how I would identify you in a crowd?  Like the others mentioned, Shy around strangers, at ease among friends. Rarely the center of attention for long.   What would you be doing? ...
I want to go into nursing but I can't cope with the sight of blood or needles.. that limited my options as far as healthcare jobs. How did you find environmental science? I am probably only going to...
Exact reason my career in retail and sales was short-lived..
You purposely start losing a game when you sense someone else is getting upset/sad with losing.. OR you have a re-match..
the best moment to pull away is the moment you realize telling them was a mistake.. when they don't take it seriously or don't give you their undivided attention..
Wow I just realized how bad I am at noticing any subtle hints. Other people catch on way before I notice.. tend to find out she likes me through mutual friends.
I agree. I think it takes a real MAN to face the risk of rejection and initiate. Most times if they're unavailable, they're flattered.  Its nice to finally get my mind off them and move on.   It...
Good point letsride! Its those little 'quirks' that makes us all unique. The sooner we embrace them, the better..
Sometimes we over-emphasis when expressing things because we're either a) enthusiastic and really interested in it or b) it has a practical application at the time.  I find it hard to keep a...
It only takes one or two really good friends to make up for the rest I find. It's not that I don't care about the rest.. it's just that I have a hard time trusting them, especially if they don't take...
I found this to help alot. Makes is SO much easier to start a conversation.   Anyways Nayru, I've been in your shoes. I'm friends with only 2 people from high school and even now I rarely talk with...
Most definitely agree! Makes for great fun and memorable moments.
Classic tale dude.. I like it!
Any nicknames? Hermando * Male  Location - Where were you originally born? eastern Europe Where do you live today? Alberta, Canada Any interesting story behind that? Yes, but too long to share.....
Happens ALL the time!!
a relationship with an E is definitely do-able given enough space and alone time. I found it alot of fun actually! Much easier to open up once you get to know her. It was all fine and dandy when it...
I get anxious talking on the phone. I start pacing back and forth.  For some reason, I can't stay relaxed because I feel responsible for keeping the conversation rolling.. Gosh it drives me up the...
Pretty bold general statement to make.. I'm sure you can't assume all Christians think that way about Atheists and Agnostics can you? As far as spitting out stuff we've been told.. well everybody...
haha I actually laughed out loud reading this thread! I simply can't see how the two relate..     Isn't food like the greatest thing ever? endless tastes and smells to try. I've been blessed...
I've been there too. I thought I would share just a bit from personal experience. It's unfortunate you're aunt and uncle feel that way. I know and I'm friends with lots of folks which aren't...
Based on the definition given by B-Con, I can say as an ISFP that we have naive tendencies..   Wisdom has nothing to do with personality types. It comes from a combination of knowledge +...
I'm quite surprised there was only one Muslim post.. it seems they've over-run Europe..
Age discovered: 23 Years spent wondering why I was so different: 10 Current age: 24   I wonder if they should start teaching more psychology in high school.. it seems to bring about a more...'"


3105: 'That's so me!  I also say:   Sup!  Totes (totally) Duuuhhh You Derp Like I know God dammit
lilysocks FromFarAway  luemb Insider77  It has been a while! (sorry work engulfed me) the topic of INTJ bf being jealous kept coming up until he finally just let it all out in an argument. The...
I started when I was a kid, I'm no fine art but I use the skills throughout life eg. designing my business cards, food presentation in hospitality, events management etc.
I'm guilty of swaying his decisions without him noticing lol. Yeah I've always said we're a bit opposite but our core values are the same so that works :laughing: well, I guess I'll have to see...
Hey guys! I've been with my INTJ man for 4yrs and from what I've observed, he is gradually becoming more jealous especially when I hang out or joke about some cute guys, hanging with my old crush...
Beach sand is free xD  I haven't painted in ages, need more inspiration!
Microbeads? Idk sorry I'm of no help but what are you painting and why with sand? why not use beach sand?
hahaha I wonder how my other ENTP friend would react if I randomly bit him...I think I know what'll happen xD
Apparently I look 6yrs younger because I'm short :laughing:
A pack of tim tams worth 50c no joke. It was out of date hahaha
We both feel bad because in our minds, we can't technically promise 100% to our partners and they probably don't like that unpredictableness. It's alright though because we just reassure them anyways...
Hahaha I can see stuff happening if we all keep working! There's 2 kitchens and 1 narrow walkway to the food prep area/washing. It's always bashing butts, boob brushing and intentional shoulder...
Go towards the careers with technology and engineering! Most of my close friends are in those fields. It's hard work with assignments/ working with multiple clients and managers etc. but what isn't...
I like biting, my INTJ likes to receive them :laughing: He says it's relaxing like acupuncture (mid-light biting his arm/fingers while watching tv or something). I pick out the pressure points...
I reconnected with a high school guy friend (haven't seen him in 10 years) he was my massive crush. We still have that connection, we are both in relationships, we are both ENTP and we know that if...
Well, new update! I don't see his name on the new roster at all so who knows, maybe he's gone for good *everyone cheers* hahaha  I love this job, it's full of ENTPs, ENTJs, ENFPs etc. Constant...
Desthro haha, NSW Australia. I think they are amending it...I haven't checked that law for a couple months now so who knows, it may have changed.   MagicUser wow interesting art style! I like it!...
That's why I like gardening, it's the only time I get to be with nature (and grow my own fruit/veggies). When it's rush hour at work, it's like a workout with heavy pans and my mind is completely...
AnimatingAnabiel Yes! I have notes everywhere like the movie Momento :laughing:  Another ENTP friend joked that I had a shorter memory than him but that's because I was thinking about what he was...
a Taser or a similar device is a Prohibited Weapon in my country/state. Even pepper spray, it's ridiculous. I can't even carry it on me for self defense and using it when I'm in danger means that I...
Oh yes, when we had our first argument I questioned him why and his reply was that's just how we do it. Later on it got heated and our manager was being the mediator and I wanted to resolve things...
A new phone to get AR in Pokemon Go :tongue:
feelionnaire The 4th pic looks really cool! could you describe the process in making that?
That would be a cool experiment to see how many ENTP kids would step up. Although we won't really know because their personality haven't matured yet *shrugs*   Hmm...come to think of it, I'm pretty...
Dammit, it's in my head now.    Kaboomz haha I want! Yes itx92s the flowers with psychoactive properties. I also have visual static, Ix92d stare at the ground and it slowly bubbles and moves like lava....
Subtle Murder This guy is a head chef at a different restaurant so he has quite a bit of ego even though we have equal roles at this place. Hahaha I actually cracked and told him to fuck off...
This was legit one of my dreams last night: I was going to the same academy with Bill Nye (when he was younger) but to get there we had to go into this potion shop and press a secret button to go...
I was going to the same academy with Bill Nye but to get there we had to go into this potion shop and press a secret button to go into the elevator to class. We were early to class so we mucked...
I'll be growing blue lotus (Nymphaea Caerulea) to see if that has any effects on chillaxing. It's legal btw :laughing:
I need some relaxing sleeping music lol ...I have multiple projects but I need to decide whether I want to relax and do nothing or continue working on them :frustrating:  Does chamomile tea...
IDontThinkSo If the guy does that again, I'll notify the boss. I bet he had a grudge from day 3 because I kept questioning his actions instead of being his bitch lol.   Cowboy Fair point. I'm pretty...
Recently with all the new work environment, loud repetitive music for 8-12hrs, pressure at work, quick and precise thinking etc. along with planning hobbies, going out, reading and keeping up to date...
I finally found a casual job in hospitality as a chef (yay! actually I'm ok with 12hr shifts, just not back to back). So this is what happened,  Day 1: Awesome, quickly learning things and boss...
I love roller coasters too, I love the free fall feeling! I did this 'trust fall' on the steepest zipline and hung upside down on a scenic route. I'm looking for the best place to bungee jump into...
TylerDom Yeah lemme tinker around a bit, just a sec. Meanwhile you can go do some kollaxion crystals :crazy:  Oh yeah I'm just about to go through what you're going through. It's like a...
Just save it? donate it? Use it for public transport money? buy food? idk do whatever man. I normally just use the money to fund other art projects or transport money.
1. ^ That. I wanna know what I taste like (the flesh, I mean ;P) 2. I like to test how much pain I can endure. 3. I like watching youtube vids of people popping cysts, blackheads, ear wax etc....
I believe so, there were many empires and one of them was bound to take over. I read that people turned white because their skin needed a better way to access vitamin D due to the majority...
I love Rick and Morty. If you need any help just WUBALUBADUBDUB!  Who knows it could be an existential crisis but then again, I haven't read any of your other posts.
House partaaaayyy! mixing random drinks! stay in/stay out, wear your pjs, no lockout laws or alcohol limits, crash on the floor/ bed/ toilet/ some randoms' room. It saves a lot of money and gives you...
2 INFJ, 1 ISFJ, 3 ENTP, 2 INTJ, 2 INTP. I used to think that I didn't have any NT friends until I actually typed them and then we became closer.
This^ I don't want spam, pics, vids or those bloody eggplant, peach and water droplet emojis. Unless there's a good reason :P
Inspiration and motivation won't come to you if you don't try something new, you'll never know what will truly work for you. Make small changes eg. different medium, different style, sketches, ideas...
Okay normally I size up people within 3 minutes. I also give them a second chance by speaking to them again later on (I'm glad I did otherwise I would have dissed my INTJ bf :laughing:)
yep haha well since people speak of seeing the light, In the beginning let there be light, God is light vs Evil dark, halos, warmth etc. I just concluded that light/energy is what people mean and...
If he can hold his own during a debate or conversation and make me laugh within 10 mins then he can ravage me :wink: Any hint of hesitance and I'll be put off unless the guy really wowed me with the...
What other topics did they talk about? Or small talk as in weather, work, family etc.   Also I like the term butt friend (bf); I'm stealing it :tongue:
It's like, behold the almighty creator! and the music sounds good too :laughing: reminds me of the song 'Notes In Constellations'- Chiodos for some reason.
I say some semi weird stuff to test the waters and if the guy responds positively then I ramp it up along with flirting etc.     hahahahaha ahhh this made my night, off to bed I go.
Although sound IS vibrations. Haha I would be a Snake person and my bf would be a Blackhawk; I have no idea what this Chapter 54 Alien Detection System is so I'm just going to wait for an...'"


3122: 'dude its been atleast 8 months these fuckers are dullll m only there because of my theyre my bfs friends today we got onto the topic of modern day army drafts and how both men and women would be...
So ive been dealing with a whole bunch of dull people recently and honestly its killing my soul, we were talking about something interesting for once andddd nobody replied but changed it back to...
i probably wont have kids but i do this after school club thing and i basically get to teach them cool shit, tell stories, have like 6 different activities go on at once and its batshit crazy its...
i also once told the boss of this hairdressers i was doing a trial thing on she came into the back room and sat down and was like oh my gosh its been so busy!! and where i was previously there was...
Technically it was true he got a black out drunk and high girl to fuck him while he was sober and he was like its totally okay ive done this loaaads of times and it slipped out like instantly. It was...
So today I've been doing a lot of self reflecting and general overall thinking, and i thought up the few instances that my honesty has gotten me in trouble so i was wondering whats the most trouble...
Dear younger self stop trying to fit in, stop trying to be liked, stop caring and give no fucks its a lot more fun. Once that happens people will like you more for it.   Its funny how that worked...
Hmm i wonder if the OP is the dude from theres something about mary..
the walking dead kingdom hospital  dexter  bones  american horror story  two and a half men  friends
5989459895598965989359892     The first one was from a video thingy zombie thing (taken just after  halloween in 2011), i posted the story on this thread before so im not going to bother to write...
User Name Tritype Instinctual Subtype   deSouza 1w2, 7w8, 2w3 sx/sp
Do you fear death?  In all honesty no I don't. I'm quite excited to see if anything happens after, you know? It's an adventure and even if there's nothing after death it doesn't matter because well...
I'm thinking along the lines of I'm Awesome by Spose but then again meh maybe not
dude, put me down for one signed copy i'm not even kidding.. the shut up and take my money meme would be so perfect here but i have no idea how to add photos, you're just going to have to use your...
i wish i had popcorn for this :/
i admit it, i was wrong
or you could go to advanced and just click add another row before/after the desired row thing.. that probably made no sense at all but thats how i did it
User Name Tritype Instinctual Subtype   deSouza 1w2, 7w8, 2w3 sx/sp
just turned 17 last month .. when do people actually stop acting childish? do we actually grow up? just because occasionally we are called adults does that make us so or does the sense of being a...
i bet he was in the friendzone since the age of 15 (hence why he keeps bringing it up)   but i'm guessing someone called you out basically that you have no chance or you need to move on. Maybe you...
cool story bro, now go tell your mother she'll be proud   .. i wonder how many more cool story bro, thingys there are
I'd be the kid with tea looking out of the window wondering if i should get a social life but would probably decide against it and start sketching something near me on a napkin.
It's just awesome, nothing more nothing less. I don't think it has the impact as it used to. Now it's just a word people use to fill gaps in sentences and sometimes it's another representation of...
Not really into pranks but its rather entertaining to convince someone a blatent lie is true, btw did you hear about the guy who killed a guy over a deep fried mars bar? People be crazy 'bout...
Always I can't remember where I heard this but it sums up what I'm trying to say you can stand in the center of a busy room yet your still completely alone basically I feel like I don't belong no...
I usually ask a ton of questions, learn everything about them, figure out how they think then leave.
Yeh i have a lot of trouble sleeping, it takes me like 2 hours just to fall asleep (mostly because i get my best ideas at night) but once i do get to sleep i usually wake up every few hours. It's...
My mum is.. usually either very angry or very calm. Terrible with money, possibly a shopaholic everyday she comes home with 3 bags of clothes for herself yet the bills are never paid and the only...
it was a zombie video thing :/ and i had got near the cast of jersey shore i'd be wiping foundation off my shoes.. and to the avatar above me, how do people notice this kind of stuff? :s 9/10 on...
thank you captain obvious XD
My fascination of the moment is wingsuit base jumping, it just looks amazing. Cause like come on who doesn't want to fly, well not fly.. glide.. fall :D.. who doesn't want to fall in style?
10/10 cause dexter is amazing, you have good taste in tv shows, i applaud you.
Age: 16  Gender: Female  Current Relationship Status: single (have been for 2 whole days, its a new record ;p)  Number of GF/BF's You've had officially: 2   (Dumped You /vs/ Mutual Break-up...
It's Kind of a Funny Story
yes it is a bad habit, my name is sophie and good
urrrmmm no, circular saws attached to police shields. In all honesty i have a plan if anything apocalyptic happens, i'm in survival mode.. and another thing i hate pet names so enough of the babe and...
oh my god, the brilliance :') i could cry, its a little sad how addicted i am to anything zombie
how or why or whut :S okay ?
<<< le me ( i may or may not have failed french) and now i shall explain the photo, yes that's fake blood so do not worry squeemish one, we were recording a video thing for a zombie walk thing. The...
We drink awesome shooters, listen to awesome music, and then we just sit around and soak up each others awesomeness. It's awesome.
I learn stuff, at the moment its Italian ^_^
euugh i cant stand phone calls, i think that if your calling me there has to be some sort of information that you want to tell me. If not then do not call and me be like hi.. how're you?.. how's this...'"


3193: 'I don't know if it was the best one, but undoubtely one of the best compliment I received was about 2 weeks ago at work. My boss (who is the big boss of my company) took like half an hour to explain...
Funny. Being myself an ENTP who has spotted another one at work, that's how I manage to get some things done by this other ENTP. Hey ENTP, too bad you can't do that, I'll have to ask someone...
You deserved your 3000nd thank.
I try to make money by investing in stocks. +20% per year, +56% so far, after taxes... it's lucrative and entertaining.
I love it. Goes great with your incredible eyes !
I don't know, maybe you should show us ?
I think I'm handsome. I know that : 1/ I can be mistaken because of genetics, which makes men always think they're more attractive to women than they actually are ; 2/ Being a man, charisma,...
Your Cognitive Functions: Extroverted Intuition (Ne) 






|| 10.92 Extroverted Thinking (Te) 





|| 9.08 Introverted Thinking (Ti) 





| 8.61...
Death and nonsense.
Are you very reluctant to argue or are you prone to argue to defend some value or belief you have ?
Sounds INFP to me.
I hate journalists who pretend to be specialized in everything but who don't make any effort to study in depth the topics they talk about.
I'm afraid she has already started. I should have noticed the eyebrows and the signature sooner. Damn.
To be honest, I find funny-colored-hair kinda cute for young women (a little less for 50yo women). When I was your age, I had dreadlocks. THAT was a bad idea.
Hard to figure out what a girl whose eyes make her look like a dog or some antelope could be with a pink hair and a rounder face. 345778 You look way better now.
I'm sure you're no evil but some pure incarnation of kindness and gentleness. I can see it in your gorgeously made-up eyes.
I have to confess that I just took a look at  draculaoverlord 's profile and found her and her incredible eyes so cute.
If I relate to what happens at my workplace, we may often procrastinate but achieve in a couple hours what others achieve in weeks, and the quality of our work is often way better. Something which...
Yes you are and it makes me quite sad 'cause before I met you I've always got along very well with ENFPs.
Actually, it's because I thought inferior was the 3rd one. I was trying to show off using the MBTI terminology and thought it was 1st dominant, then 2nd auxiliary, then 3rd inferior, then...
Two things : 1/ It's not because you started this thread that you have any right to tell what people should or should not say ; 2/ It's not a question of who's right and who's wrong. For now, it's...
Thanks, that's what I meant, but not what I typed ;)
I have no idea if there's a single INTJ female here, but lots pretend to be.
Welcome, fellow ENTP.
That's inferior extraverted thinking : if some experts say something, then it has to be the truth, there's no need to have a deep understanding of what we're talking about ;p
Because you didn't make any effort to understand what MBTI is. It's not a question of letters, but of functions. Letters are a trap because they're just a shortcut to identify a pack of functions....
And so what ? Is it supposed to prove some point ? I wasn't trying, in my previous message, to prove any point. I just wanted to be sure that you would be able, if you wanted to, to learn more about...
Just saying, but what's quite annoying for people here is that your answers only deal with some extremely simplified MBTI theories/tests. You have never answered to what was about jungian cognitive...
I only flirt with people I like, or people whose I know they're not going to take my flirt seriously, or people who are already in a relationship I know they would never leave. There can be...
If you act good enough to let them think that you actually believe in these traditions, I think it would be trolling. Plus, you will have the satisfaction to have filled their mailboxes with dog...
What about filling their mailboxes with dog poop, then mailing them that you did that on the purpose to put the bad eye away after reading such a thing on a blog about ancient chinese traditions ?
What about filling their mailboxes with dog poop ?
Don't want to talk about that with you anymore, that doesn't lead to anything. I just wondered what you were expecting us to answer, once you noticed that no one here thought you were an actual...
It's not easy to make me laugh out loud, but you actually did. You're good.
LoveDragonDon Back to serious. There's no need to get upset, if you think you're an ENTP, fine. But here you come with a thread basically stating hey I'm an ENTP with a 100% ENFP behaviour (and...
Got a new haircut. 344442
Have to admit that you're funny.
O Rly ? O_o
... you post a LOT on Facebook.
Oh yeah, could definitely be !
I don't think so, or he's really excellent at imitating my ENFP friend.
As every ENTP would have done, I don't take for truth what professional psychologists say just because they are professional psychologists (that would be such a Te behaviour !) - and moreover, I...
Because there's no F/T dichotomy. There's an Fe/Ti(Ti/Fe) and Te/Fi(Fi/Te) dichotomy. That means nothing to say I'm a F and just stop to that. F-doms like ENFJ and INFPs don't use the same...
% is ok while talking about introvert or extrovert. ENTP's and INTP's core aren't that different as functions remain the same, but in a slightly different order. Would be difficult, I think, to tell...
Also I'm pretty sure almost every ENTP who have been really caught by the MBTI stuff did try to see farther the tests which are nothing more than tests (= possible bias both from the test writer and...
ENFPs are Ne>Fi>Te>Si. ENTPs are Ne>Ti>Fe>Si. I spot Fi when I see someone strongly valuing his principles (like I'm an ENTP and there's no way anyone could question that !) and acting like Hey...
I wouldn't dare, dude. I would feel bad to hurt your feelings.
Yeah. It's a test for ENFPs.
Are we on Facebook or what ?
(this guy is obviously an F)'"


3235: 'It annoys me lol.
I know that we've got fame for being adaptable because we relish in improvisation, however what kind of job would ENTPs suck total ass at?
K. I send my fire scissors back and I send out my Professor Plum.
Firey Scissors drops to 75% HP. Firey Scissors use Scissors Beat Paper
*Appropiate music*  Hyphen sends out Firey Scissors!
YOU'RE NOT INTJ, YOU ARE UKNOWN PERSONALITY [/caps]
Why does this thread have more pages than What do you love about ENTPs?
I gotta make a brand of chocolate bars with the sales pitch I know you better than you know yourself.
Hey. ENFPs.  I know you better than you know yourself.   K, I said it. What happens now?
Question:  Hey.  Yo.  'Sup?
Omfg its true! I did long await this thread!
And I thought INTPs where laid back...
He  hehe  i like this thread.
So, genes have nothing to do with personality? Or I've just presented a bad example?
I've noticed there are no 2wx xwx xwx in the list. Bunch of 7s though.
K. So, by average, there should be a % of nuture, and a % of nature then. 50 50 perhaps? I dunno. But interesting.  So, if parents are a important factor, could a pattern be drawn?  Like for...
There is 0% bullshit in this post.  Emotive, conceptual, surreal... I friggin love INFJ art. I generally like N-based art than S-based art, but INFJs just stand out within the N-art area for me.
So, you avoid all guys unless you like them?
Neon signs and loudspeakers would be really helpful.
Because thier eyebrows are shaped as axes
If someone with a mental deficiency can understand this easily, I approve.
Well, I was just blindly assuming the permises of OP, I don't really understand it well myself. But.  Wolfs: Violent as shwits or something. Some breeds of dogs: Calm and nice.  Considering dogs...
That they appear to be more frecuent doesn't give me clues about why there are INTPs nowadays. Why are are lots of pigeons?  Because there are more and more everyday. Or I'm understanding wrong...
Uh, just a pointer but:  I think the quesiton is: Why are INTPs sexy? They might be useful as witch doctors and all that, but are they prone to be chosen as potencial mates due to thier...
7w6, 4w5, 9w8.
Susumu hirasawa
I like ponies.
Yes, it works!  And now it doesnt!
Very.  I'm a hug-oholic. I have the Koala Syndrome and I love to be wrapped around those I love, or be the one wrapped by others. Kisses also apply. Whatever its called, I am seldomly not in the...
http://emotibot.net/pix/255.jpg
^Same here, Heavenly shit!  I gotta do my Chemistry study! Gaaah
Sheisstellar  1. Film- We're talking non-blockbuster: Oh yes. I love films where the protagonist is mentally ill/different than the rest. K-Pax, I'm a cyborg, but that's OK, Adam. All...
Justice, from Guilty Gear. http://img7.imageshack.us/img7/2492/dibujonds.png      If you can read peoples expressions (That face makes me know that he is sad, that face makes me know he is...
SLUEI.  Teh creepshits, I sound like some kind of sociopath:
Laid on my back and with certain thoughts in mind:  One metre.
http://emotibot.net/pix/2409.png
http://img84.imageshack.us/img84/626/aliensh.png
Thier lack of superpowers.
What I hate about ENTPs is that we don't have superpowers. I hate that.
When others attempt to brainwash you, you end up brainwashing them.
No more werewolves or vampires!
Well, I suppose. I have the science laid out, but not the carisma. Still, I personally don't see why this experiment would be wrong though. But if the INTJs and INFJs aren't going to answer the...
Seeking coorelation between data?  Geez.  BTW, Guise. This is good info, I'll wait for some more time (More ENTPs to give info, etc), then make the list and the poll. For those in doubt, the poll...
Yes 10char.
*Gives you this post*
Tough one. He has High N (High Ne), but I have feeling he is more ENFP than ENTP. Just me.
http://personalitycafe.com/nts-temperament-forum-intellects/78598-how-center-yourself.html
Where did your tertiary Fe go?
For the kicks.  1.) 40 living at home in their parents basement: Not yet- 2.) 40 year old virgin: Perhaps. 3.) Socially deprived: No. 4.) Game Addicts: Yes. 5.) Atheist: Yes. 6.) Geniuses: I...
For the kicks:  1.) Bossy: No 2.) Mean: No. 3.) Cocky: No. 4.) Narcissistic: A bit.  5.) Bitchy: No. 6.) Jerks: No. 7.) Power hungry: No. 8.) Perfectionist: No.'"


3236: 'Personally I'd change that into   Some people got their license by blowing their driving instructor I get the feeling, like the bastards who want to see the grass grown on an...
To make an example out of these people ofcourse.   If we were to harvest their organs that might signal to other derps that even in death they serve a use....which we can't have since this...
?!? apologies on our behalf, for cookies  ?!?  *starts building pyre*    Intricate Mystic , read my thread on old people and the internet.....You can hold my torch whilst I list  the barren...
Yes we're trying to take that into the calculations,  we're currently bussy assesing all of our liquidity assets as well as personal finances and I'm thinking of selling my appartment instead of...
Nah that doesn't work anymore , the way to summon them now is We Found Oil :wink:
Well yes sure , they just get easily wound up and would like to see what would happen if we started some controversial threads since some claim to be 1337 Trollz / #TRUEENTP :wink:  For the...
Soooooooooooooo.....I'm growing bored with our little corner of this site, not much to learn about our type anymore it seems.....except for the occasional OMGURNOTENTP  / #mistype thing going on as...
Will.I.Am got nothing on this guy :laughing:
drmiller100  Finish watching it (ALL of it) and let's talk again.......:proud:
Polemic   YES at pyres next to the road to warn other road users what happens.
Yesiknowbut    Boring ? Nah I think it's awesome you got everything worked out, at any other time numbers are my friends but when it comes to my pension I start panicking for some reason.(walked...
DAMN YOU Xix , This is a serioussnes problem here :angry:  We should be able to solve this in polynomial time , BEFORE one of the barren tries to divide by zero......:wink:
1. Anyone who complains about how everything was better in the past .  2. Sacrifices must be made.(what should I do online anyway? Can't Fap anymore , probably don't want to talk to the children...
That would only lead to fires and such, when they burn those servers down with their incessive clicking on everything.  I'm only for this if said networks have been placed inside elderly homes ...
How about if we apply this recursively then ? So if grandad doesn't make it , the whole lineage will be removed from society ? will also cause people to take better care of their elders btw , so...
Oh but I AM intersted in other ENTP's / how other people handled this as well :proud: I'm 33 atm and according to my bank manager it's time to start taking action concerning these things.   It's...
Come on I know you want to :kitteh:  I suggest to start with the following :  Screaming children in supermarkets (and screaming children + proud parents in general) ,                              ...
Egad(s)  is one of my favourites in spoken english    People tend to react with surprise / amusement when they hear it.
IKR :laughing: Cannot count the times I wanted to run one of them over (or throw a unrepairable notebook at one)   DARWINISM BIATCH if you cannot react quick enough GET OFF OF THE ROAD.
If you can't talk the talk...don't walk the walk :laughing:  Talked my way out of SO many speeding tickets the misses  is thinking about taking away my car keys. :wink:
223266   I am verry much seriousness tyvm , ever driven behind an old person ?! they're a danger to themselves as well as others !!!!!
Should we bann old people from using the internet / computers ? I'm pro / for this , someone else can come up with reasons to keep them online / using them (probably a Feeler...
F*CK IT  /  If this is the worst that happens today, it'll only get better from here on in
Hi everyone,   Have you planned for the future and epecially concerning a pension???   Did or are you planning to ''save up'' ? invest(ed) in something of ueuhm constant value (like a house or...
When I was a teenager I'd start the weekends on Coke follow up on XTC for turning in such an Fucked-up clown and took weed for the chill out sessions / make the monday crash less horrible.  ...
So if I understand this correctly...you're angry because a bunch of non-conformist aren't conforming to being non-conformist ?   Seems legit :laughing:
Can you code and set up oop projects ? ( java + xml for android atm /c, c++ or c# for windows Mobile / objective c or swift for Ios , or you could ''just'' try c on all of those )   And I do mean a...
So take it you plan on doing something similar for your own business ? Do some small jobs on the wekends to build up your portfolio & funds while you still have the security of your current job ( oh...
Take it your ticket system does show you did it so you get the credit for it, if not....stop doing you co-workers job. (You're not getting payed for doing extra work are you? / no matter how nice...
Climhazzard ty mate , lets leave ''it'' at this , start feeling bad about ''going behind her back'' tbh. (Will edit op)  UPDATE : Cant edit OP , asked mods for removal of thread , please don't get...
My ''head-strong'' personality / the fact that I ''talk back'' / I'm not  was not ,impressed with her being a ''pretty girl'' like most guys she knows / knew , who start acting like a twit when she...
yesiknowbut  wait what?! Do women actually do this? not my darling-wife (seriously though, got any tips concerning this? can't go mess about in her stuff right ? trust is very important to us)   ...
Climhazzard yes I know she's / can be,  a Psycho- Bitch , that's why she's my gf / fiancee (I'm drawn towards ''crazy girls'' like a moth to a flame)    yesiknowbut universe have mercy if you're...
Got into a fight this morning with my gf about me acting like a child apparently. (Didn't like the news item on display so zapped to a cartoon channel)   All of a sudden she started listing the...
Nope , momther thought I had it , got me tested (repeatedly) and ''they'' discovered that my ''hyper-focus / lack of focus'' had to do with me being interested in the subject matter.  Not a...
Oh and btw...how long would it take ''us'' to declare war upon a nation of judgers ? Something tells me about one meeting with their emissary :dry:
Don't ''talk down'' to one of ''us'' if you're met with a ''omg dafuq / luigi death-stare'' kind of look it doesn't mean we don't ''get it'' it probably means we're processing what you just said.
Hope you're right , that'd be a waste :wink:
wait what? Didn't I win this **** measuring contest ? MissAverage is a close 2nd but still I win.
Mercedes CL500 (2000) myself. (German 5.5l V8 baby , will eat your puny american cars for breakfast:proud:)    Frequently borrow the missus her Fiat punto (2012) for groceries (well actually go...
Wonderland on fire with droids to keep ''day to day life'' going whilst ''mad scientists'' run arround inventing new stuff / throwing the most over the top party beyond imagination.   Something...
Got my own software studio and people keep telling me I'm posh.....quick income calculation (annual paycheck / hours worked )  means I'm poor as f*ck :wink: :laughing:
From the top of my head.....no.  ''Problem'' is...TS are a form of fractures e.g. 1/4 , 1/8.... and those are part of algebraic functions which are (oviously) part of algebra which can be discrete....
Just ''checking in'' to see how you're doing  so......how are you doing?
So everythings ok now ? / how was your day ?
You're so nice / sweet....WHY? :laughing:  ''man the ramparts''  = my inner state atm , but that might be the caffeine OD talking :frustrating:
''You go grrrrrrrl'' :proud:
Not sure if it will help you, but at some point I ''just'' say Fuck it and go about my business like nothing has happened, which in the past turned out to be true 9/10 times , since ''we'' tend to...
Cheaper ego boost then cocaine and like the drugs, wouldn't take her home to meet ''mommy dearest'' :wink:
Seeing how some/most of ''us'' enjoy chaos I was wondering....Is it just me or do others have trouble with the abscence of sound?  Can't stand it myself tbh, NEED some kind of ''white noise'' in...'"


3237: 'Yes, when I'm not being stimulated by what's around me. I'd rather be alone than be bored.   Also, when I bartended and would work a few days in a row I spent too much extroverted energy and needed...
1. How important is it that your partner be able to match you (or keep you otherwise stimulated) on an intellectual level?  It's very important. I don't want someone who only challenges me, I want...
I get most annoyed when people talk about events in sequential detail, taking them forever to actually get to the point of the story. Or, when people talk about things as they're happening. I prefer...
My ideal job would constitute: talking and having a high turnover of people coming in and out of my life.   Talking - or rather, performing - is one of my favourite things to do, and I also love to...
I've started dating an ENFP now and remembered your post and had to come back to it to thank! This is my first encounter with a male ENFP and it's exactly like being with my best friend (female ENFP)...
I use a Blackberry but I would way rather have an iphone ... I'm a MacAddict and everything in my house is Mac (computers & TV). Everything is more efficient if it has that apple logo on it.
http://vimeo.com/4855577
Miscellaneous Parts of Life is my favourite rule.
I've had my moments, but no I don't. My personality gears towards impulsiveness rather than addictive behaviour - thank goodness. When I smoked for short spurts of time it was more for the image than...
I can completely relate and what you've mentioned makes me a horrible test taker. When studying I think I know the information and I do in my head, but I end up not having any clue how to articulate...
Does anyone ever know exactly what to say at the right time in a conversation even without any solid knowledge of the topic? Either by remembering something that someone else has said in the past, or...
I constantly have these; on the surface I push them to the back of my mind but in reality they are a secret obsession. I don't think ENTPs do deal with this as we logically know what's unattainable....
Kim: ISTJ Khloe: ENTP Kourtney: ESFJ Rob: ISTJ  Kris: ESTJ Scott: ESTP Lamar: ISFP Bruce: ISFJ
Most Likely to succeed: ENTJ Most Likely to become rich: ENTJ Most Likely to cry for no reason: INFP Most Likely to say I told you so!: ESTJ Most Likely to adopt a stray animal: ISFJ Most...
How to Win Friends and Influence People, by Dale Carnegie.
How is yo a conversation starter?
MBTI is a generalization, what you are discussing are traits. There are variations of traits within each MBTI type.  Here is a breakdown of the traits I possess:  Level of motivation  I do not...
When I was in grade 9 and 10, I skipped so much school (through forged notes) I barely passed most of my classes. Grades were really important to my parents, especially my INFP mother who would...
Judging by your profile picture, it is where you were made to park your car before it was impounded.
I have so many random encounters that I find myself in that it's impossible to pinpoint one without intertwining it with another. I think ENTP's would make good reality shows.
When thinking about crazy projects I take up it just occurred to me how much energy I put into leading a triple life.
...when you don't use emoticons because you can articulate what you want to stay efficiently through words.
I was a cocktail waitress at a high end lounge and nightclub for a few years and found that way better than waiting tables that involve food. I find in restaurants, the managers are constantly...
I find I love being around everyone but don't actually like anyone.
I've noticed this too. I get the feeling a lot of people (in general; I'm not basing this solely from this forum) mistype themselves as ENTP. I've been able to spot them on here, it's kind of like a...
I love how xrevolutionx: gets multiple replies regarding 'impressions of him' and all of them involve the dog.
Do you wear a lot of makeup?  No, very minimal. I wear lip gloss and some sparkles around my eyes. I barely wear any makeup but people always compliment the way I do my eye make up, just because...
One thing I've noticed about ENFPs (3 of my closest friends are ENFP) is that they just are who they are. They never try to be something that they're not. They have have their thing going on, and let...
It's been a process for me, but everyday now I can sense a change in me opening up and shifting the dynamics of my relationships. It really started with one boyfriend (also an ENTP, surprisingly) i...
I tend to just go out to be around people often. That's why school is such a chore for me; it's mainly introverted, and I find the more school work I do at one time the more disconnected I get. When...
Thanks! His stuff is wild.
And here's another poem to keep the theme of the thread alive:  Is the clarity, the simplicity, an arriving or an emptying out? If the heart persists in waiting, does it begin to lessen?  If we...
If one doesn't step outside of their self they're just going to become bored, and if one is well educated enough and bored they'll be able to wallow in existential angst. I always think that when I...
Are we also our own heaven?
I am very artistic and creative; creativity is actually my strongest trait next to sociability. I have a passion for theatre, which includes acting, playwriting and directing. I also write and...
And I saw it didn't matter who had loved me or who I loved. I was alone. The black oily asphalt, the slick beauty of the Iranian attendant, the thickening clouds - nothing was mine. And I...
xrevolutionx:  First Impression: Reminds me of a dog that Monte might have.  Impression of Poster now: ... Still reminds me of a dog that Monte might have.  Most notable Characteristics: ... A...
I recently hung out with an ISFP male for the day (in a random circumstance) and it was so easy. We just joked around the whole time, didn't take things seriously - we played off of each other's...
At least Charlie Sheen is doing his job; he is an entertainer, right?
We all learn and think in different ways, we are all interdependent on each other to make the world function as it does. Many people focus on MBTI to focus on 'what I am' instead of 'what I am not'....
I didn't say that ESTP's were void of depth, I said a certain depth. ENTP's are also missing a certain depth that ESTP's have. We've clearly missed each other's depths in that post.
I constantly bring MBTI into relationships, but only with the people I'm most interested in. I'm excellent at talking to someone for about 2 minutes and if you don't interest me within that time...
ESTP - he even looks like one. It's easy to mistype ENTP and ESTP on the surface. Sheen is missing a certain depth that ENTPs have.
I believe if you have met the type before and study MBTI heavily you can. I have been able to type people by simply observing them numerous times. It's a joke among some of my friends at how accurate...
I joke because I can see all these complexities that the world is made up of, and not take them seriously. Life is something to laugh along with and having others to laugh with is even more fun...
You should be insulted if I called you anything other than an extremist.
My best friend is an ENFP and everyone thinks she is an air head/ditzy, but she is one of the smartest people I know. She just gets things that others don't see right away or never will. She is so...
My best friend is an ENFP and she loves INTPs. All her boyfriends have been INTPs. I think ENFP and INTPs really compliment each other on some cosmic level. I was really good friends with one of her...
Regarding your search for a character: i am an artist (theatre and writing) and would be interested in working with you. My best friend is an ENFP and I have learned how to work well with her over...
I don't dimiss people because of their beliefs; that's what religious people do.'"


3238: 'well,i finally made it,i finally know for sure(100% sure)my tritype(4w3,6w7 and 9w8),if you guys want an accurate result then be honest,answer it all and dont be drunk lol,it s tough to be sensitive...
weird,aloofish,doubtful and other stuff.
hmmm...i think bonnie is an enfj
i have thought about it a while ago(not in depth,so correct me if i am wrong):naruto:either a 6w7 or 3w2,sasuke:3w4,shikamaru:9w1,madara:3w4,raikage:8w7 and minato:either 1w9 or 5w6.
for me the most attractive types are 9w1(the peacefulness),8w7(hot and sort of gentle),2w3(beauty and impulsiveness),3w4(beauty,hot and kind of fun)and 4w5(deepness and beauty).my tritype:6w7,1w9 and...
it is nice to have a healthy type on my tritype for a change lol thank god i realized that things are perfect the way they are.
guys i m sorry for coming here again but i must correct my tritype which most certainly is:6w7,1w9 and 4w5,and not 9w1 in the gut center after all trust me i have done a variety of things to be sure...
i finally discovered for sure my tritype:6w7,9w1 and 4w5(in that exact order)
maybe there is some chance to these types create a relationship let me see,both have a certain compliance,competency and independency so maybe it could work(6w7,9w1,4w5).
that is ridiculous,7s also have anxiety,it is just less apparent.
i actually do not believe in any of these dimensions but maybe there are similar places hahaha(6w7,4w5 and 9w1).
heaven:2w1,6w7,5w4,9w1,9w8,4w5,7w6,1w9purgatory:6w5,1w2,5w6,8w9,3w2,4w3 and hell:3w4,2w3,7w8 and 8w7.
i suppose that good matches for like all types would be:9 and 7,1 and 3,2 and 7,3 and 1,4 and 6,5 and 1,6 and 4,7 and 9 and 8 and 4(it is harder to find types that comine well with twos,fives and...
it is also necessary to analyze the tritype of the couple,a 295 for example would understand a lot more about a 5 just as a 521 would understand a lot more about a 2,so you gotta check the other two...
tritype theory is closer to the complexity of human beings therefore i agree with it,a person think that only one thing marked her life...lame if you ask me but each one with your own opinion,oh...
it is something that i created,really but not entirely,i was researching myself (as always,seeker thing i believe)and i was curious about this shadow type stuff that i kept reading on the enneagram...
648 it is,do you know your wings though?i think i have seen once or twice that you are a 6w7,am i right?what about your other wings?(my tritype:6w7,9w1 and 4w5 and shadow tritype:2w1,5w4 and 9w8).
it is hard to put a general look of who we are in here and being a seeker makes it even harder because i always have doubts about myself.
6w7,9w1 and 4w5,usually gentle unless i am in a type three mode or stessed of another way but never passive like 692,i look for what is missing,for my identity not for love like a type 2 fix,my inner...
i have read once that arya is a 9w1 and i see that on her,maybe a sx 9w1 but still a dreamer on the other hand i also read here on this thread that she is a 6w7 and she seems to have the traits of...
9w1 to be exact,the people of canada do not seem to have that expansive energy of 9w8 on the other hand they have the intellectual rigor of 1 energy(6w7,9w1,4w5).
correction:...because they have the ability to zone out and keep going.
what i meant is that they can do irritating stuff without getting stressed because they have the to zone out and keep going.
yep,nines deal with situations that others would find very frustrating to take action,that is because they value the harmonic work which means that they value work as everyone else since it does not...
i think that type 4s with a type 1 in their instinctive center do not lack so much self-confidence,now in terms of wing 4w5s have more concrete ideals and 4w3s usually do not have so many ideals...
according to some enneagram sources emptiness is the shadow of fives therefore it is what they avoid the most as you have said and it is exactly that shadow that must be integrated into the...
i think the ideal would be doing the test and self-observation.
my tritype:(6w7,9w1,4w5),maybe you could give a chance to me,lol.
i am sorry but a 2 for a 6 is not the best deal,sixes eventually feel that they need to get busy with their thoughts and a 2 would almost never let them dive into their inner world trying to help...
i definitely think it is an useful part of the enneagram theory,i mean i can not resist one day without drinking something,laughing,well in other words,distracting myself.according to some...
it is complicated to talk about this,i mean i have no doubt that one of the two numbers will always dominate but the wing adds a lot of traits to a person especially if it is a heavy wing,some say...
hi,i just became a member of personality cafe and i was already told to introduce myself so... i am hz light,my enneagram type is 6w7 and my tritype is 6w7,9w1 and 4w5,i still have to find my mbti...'"


3253: 'Thanks these are all great. Not sure about constantly isolating myself though, but what i will do is leave the hang out when i feel i've recharged, and maybe scream quickly at other extraverts every...
Also fire in more funny ones for ST and SJ types. Its ok, none of them are here!  ESTJ: Power Negation, because they'll never accept any of this.
Omniscience would grant all of the data and all of the actual patterns without having to learn anything. The only difference with having telepathy is that you'd have to go around the world reading...
ESTP: Cold and ice manipulation, because their thirst for instant risk taking is likely to lead to having to put out a lot of fires.  ISFP: Waterbreathing, because they're physically talented and...
Yeah I know someone like that who I'm pretty sure is INFJ, only the alternate future/plan is implemented through reality warping in the form of magic mushrooms. I'd say her mind gets hurt.  Anyway...
Fire in more if you have suggestions.  ENTP: Merging, because they see what/who can be merged and consider if rationally it's a really bad idea.  ENTP: Cross-Dimensional Awareness, because they...
Send me a link to your thread. I wanna compare notes on this frontier of science.
I'm an ENTP 7w6.  I would describe my life at the moment as a wide and thinly spread mess of unfinished projects.  Anyone got any tips for staying focused on tasks until they're done??  Or does...
Hi. I have no idea what its like to grow up in a third world country, but I'm also an ENTP. I was an ENTP at your age and I can give you some advice that I wish I heard at your age...  Focus on...
I'm breathing new life into this one.  I saw a similar discussion on another forum where they were arguing to death about McNulty's type and people were calling him ENTJ, ENTP, ESFP, ESFJ, ESTP. ...
Was looking through to see if I have a type I might be attracted to without knowing. Seems I agree with a lot of other ENTP entries, and I don't relate much to the others or don't know who they're...
Yeah ENFPs and ENTPs use Extraverted Sensing the least out of the 8 functions. It means you don't notice stuff that you could bump off or trip over as quick as other types. It sucks but I find Ne...
I thought about if a superpower manifestation would be at its best mainly assisting in the inferior or the blind spot (Not sure what you call the function you use least). The conclusion I came to was...
[Precognition rather seems like an extrapolation of Ni. INTJs are Ni-doms so it would fit better than Telepathy.]  Precognition would also fit, however it took me a minute to understand what you...
Precognition would also fit, however it took me a minute to understand what you were saying in light of it being grammatically sound, which kinda proves my point.   I'm thinking that INTJ types are...
Oh definitely. Immortality would be pretty crap if you kept aging. It'd be pretty hard to make new friends in the distant future if you were a skeleton with eyes and a skull full or porridge.  I...
I was hanging out with a friend. I was barefoot. I had sharp toenails, and I used them to pierce and wear grapes on my toes. My friend was very amused. Strange thing is I'm never hanging out barefoot.
I'm interested in doing the soundtrack. I've been a soundtrack artist on an animation and on a few unfinished mobile games. I was working for a start up games partnership that got liquidated.  I...
Immortality wouldn't suit any of the FJ types. Teachers, counselors, providers and protectors would go nuts if they kept outliving their friends and families. I'd say Immortality would suit ENTP,...
Come on people throw you're thoughts in on what your superpowers could also be and why. If I get enough I'll sub-catagorize them by enneagrams. In time this could be the most accurate potential...
I showed this band to a confirmed INFP friend recently now he loves them.  They've always been a favourite of me and my ENTP brain.  ...
Beige and Grey. I find them lifeless, dull and uniform. They sap the magic out of the world. Apparently I value individuality and energy.  Vibrant deep purples, reds, pinks, blues and black kick ass
Love this film. Can't wait for the sequel. Lemme know what you think. This is my first time doing this and I gotta say its harder than I thought to pinpoint personality types in films where everyones...
Yeah i also tend to slip into a brittish accent if i have to say something that feels uncomfortable. Its sorta how i sugar coat my words.  I think being able to instantly sleep at will would also...
I'm a lyricist Some of my all time favourites are...  You can't see the forest from the trees, You can't smell your own shit on your knees  - Marilyn Manson, The Beautiful People  (Complex,...
I see where you're coming from but i disagree. With elemental transmutation you could turn stuff into gold and use the riches to buy a fighter jet and a jet pack. Plus you'd also be stinkin rich....
Interesting. One of the main reasons I'm interested in all this is so I can learn how to instantly change from being really ENTP to other types via XXXX to enjoy and maximize on whatever life throws...
I'm seeing more conflicting opinions about types in lord of the rings than any other fiction, and this is my new favourite pastime. I'm usually one for analysis and never ending debates (ENTP), and i...
Teleportation would be awesome and I've considered it as a likely manifestation for ENTPs seeing as its near impossible for me to be on time for anything. I too am very clumsy however, and I like to...
Maybe you're already living the life of one person from history. The Matrix has you.........probably Kurt Cobain.  I like the idea of total artistic and emotional liberation in front of massive...
I arrived at these decisions based on which superpowers would best support our existing personality traits. My theory is that if superpowers were to manifest, they would manifest in conjunction with...
Yo. Thanks for the welcome wagon. About to post my theories on superpowers (comic books, not political agendas...fun) Hope you can all find it!
Hello. ENTP and I've been obsessed with the revelations this knowledge has brought forth for a few months now.  I've always been a pro-strange, misunderstood hybrid of ingenuity and stupidity and...'"


3289: 'lol  this thread escalates way too quickly
Hold on 2 weeks and I'll make you the full mask.
Here sleeping beauty, take my lovefacial. fap fap fap  - Mr LOVE
Yeah I miss boob pressing more than girlfriends. I think you're onto something.
excuse me? am I involved? what are the risks? can I go now?  https://cdn.meme.am/cache/images/folder798/600x600/15211798/hand-raised.jpg
You might be wondering: exactly how much money can one make off selling underwear online? Mia says she charges per hour of wear, with a starting rate of 10 pounds (or $16.82) for 12 hours of wear,...
must...resist...posting....pics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bjk26RwjyU
Nope. It's not enough.
Now beg for my money.  I prepared a prenuptial agreement.
I'd get the chick with the best looking bum.
Parce que.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXTxuamLLVE
Parce que !   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBUW_PvYI-c
They'll hate you for saying that :kitteh:
of course you can't sell them clean
lol  Sundae <> Cheyevo
Today With your panties On the internet  I promise I won't buy them.
in case you don't, assume it's you
Esfp
In 5000 years we'll all be hermaphrodite.  Work will always exist, at some point people will just stop killing each others to get a bullshit job, because that thing is too stupid to last.
I feel your parents have a bad influence on you
open a sex shop and sell dildos
tina <> betty
lol same
Various genes can cause blue eyes.  No, YOU can't predict it.
cool story bro I don't need ppl love
Will I get a yes?
The latest was the 408, https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peugeot_408 (not built to last of course, compared to the 406)
With the new LGV (railway), Paris-Bordeaux only lasts 2h
Wait, I don't know, if they reboot it yes. I think they will.  Oh I tried a 3008 recently, with the safety pack... damn that thing can't even let you cross a white line! Those AIs are severely...
What can I say more, there are two things to take into account.  Tourism uninhibits. It's like the internet or Saitama's training. Anonymity removes moral limiters.  French people are...
You enquiry lacks details, first of all please refer to international travel rule n1 :   The more expensive the travel the higher the probability an asshole bought the airline ticket.  So how...
I nominate myself.
abandon coffee you just need the sugar
Against anxiety I recommend to listen to loud slamming metal and headbanging and yelling and kicking stuff. Then, sunbath.
daddy complex
Yes, just as personality itself influences the choice of avatar.
Because you the parents don't specialize in the same traits.
Can someone seriously believe genetics aren't involved?
Good stuff, though I'm too ignorant to suggest anything in that style..
ok  shave your head and walk with crutches
good girl  :chat02:
did you try  -military haircut -offended by everything haircut
ah crap I spewed it out the window!
a modster
okok I see wat you need   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSX2o7EhtcE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OV61KYuYeug   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oalkskuzksk  like it?
you want cool music?
draw the people in the street and add tentacles
take a ukulele and sing something  wait.. do you even have a ukulele?'"


3307: 'I believe one main reason that humans assign gender to objects is because gender is honestly the only major thing that differentiates our race. Hell, even color, our easiest to define characteristic...
Hmmm, I actually enjoy technical conversations. I'm intrigued by how everything comes together. It's almost a bloody miracle that cars and computers work at all if you know the exact workings of...
I agree with long windedness and talking at me. I strongly dislike story tellers in general unless it's something actually noteworthy and not inane details on their lives. It's frustrating, and...
I know as ENTPs we are much more prone to want to experience new things in the outside world and within ourselves, but how much more so?  When I took the NEO PI-R, I actually scored a straight 1...
That's basically part of the definition of ENTP right there :P  Fuck yeah, I don't give a shit what people think about their silly arbitrary little rules about good and bad in the context of...
So, I'm just wondering: How much do you like obscenities? I use them all the time, partially because they are fun, because the elicit a reaction but most of all it just seems to work with what I'm...
I hate the act of drinking itself, but I enjoy the feeling in a group setting. I really hate crowds and large groups (more than like 3 other people), so intoxication helps me to not give a shit....
I'm argumentative, unpredictable, fun as shit and a little bit of an asshole but still manage to evade confrontation when I'm not feeling the whole aggro vibe.
General stuff doesn't bother me and I'll usually throw something witty back or ignore it.  That said, when someone says something that violates the respect of individual liberties and basic human...
So, I know Mercutio is as ENTP as a fictional character from the late 16th century comes and I'm curious on how y'all feel about him.  I, myself, loved the character and actually played him twice...
I have the exact same feeling, I want to avoid negativity at the cost of giving up my assertiveness. Working in car sales has helped quite a bit, cause if I don't impose and be brash, then I don't...
Don't have to be all serious about it, I was joking around. That's why I used a silly emotion.
I was wondering if we have any similarities in our writing styles.  I know we have the tendency to use emoticons often.  My style of writing stays very gender neutral, that's why I have issues...
You have no common sense.  You're crazy and should get meds.  You're more feminine than I am! (in relationships)  God you're annoying.  Why do you stand so close to me while talking?
It's not that we don't mean what we say, it's that we say a lot of things we mean and don't really sit on one particular item for long. Or at least that's how I am; I really need to stop talking for...
Well, at least I still don't have to worry about it haha. I am one of the oddball NFs that don't believe things I can't have proof of. I swear, sometimes I feel like an NT, but then I remember how...
You know what may be a good job for ENFPs? Wrecking ball operator. It doesn't take as much planning as the dynamite guy, not as much math as chemistry, and we get to go boom! and help with the...
I used to be agnostic as well for similar reasons. Our imaginations and our Ne are so badass as to visualize such an abstract concept in a different way than our SJ guardian friends conception him as...
Holy pineapple Batman!  I wasn't sure why my INFP love interests started avoiding me when I tried moving out of friend zone. Wasn't aware it was creepy to ask y'all out. I just assumed they ignored...
Sounds like you got into chemistry to watch stuff go boom! Cmon you can admit it, we're all family here:laughing:
This is enthusiasm! THIS IS SCREAMING!!! See the difference?:tongue:
It's more fun to put those points out there.:tongue:  Besides, there are individuals that actually believe that, namely Universalists, that that will apply to on here anyways.:laughing:
I just find that the statement everyone is wrong because everyone is wrong is a little more accurate. :laughing:
That's a very dangerous thought. Is it right to have slaves? Religions of Abraham promote it.  Do rocks have spirits? Animist believe so.  Does homosexual intercourse cause earthquakes? Egyptians...
I personally am atheist and don't believe anything supernatural, but I did when I was younger.  Given our traits, I'd figure the normal feel on the matter would be the adage of I'm spiritual but...
I like my INFP friends, my problem is that I'm attracted to them and they end up dating in some crazy patterns that don't really make sense to me, or them. I'll ask em out, they like me, yet they go...
I realized that I couldn't be that math oriented all the time when I tried to go to school for video game programming. I also realized that, although I failed at it as a programmer and I quit, I knew...
ENFPs probably love new friends more than old ones half the time.:crazy:
That's what I was thinking. That and the fact that the preaching was against his values, so it made it even easier to have a reason to be silly, not like he needed a reason:tongue:
I wanted to comment that I do make life more exciting by imagination. I pretend I'm in a RPG and I have quests and stats  and whatnot.
Isn't the definition of an ENFP - n. FUN!! person:tongue:
I have a feeling that this guy...  youtube.com/watch?v=qwyZ0ji1GRU  ...just may well be an ENFP, haha.  What's y'all's take?
That sounds like a humorous sight to see lol.
I am rational in my core beliefs, irrational in my actions.  I am a atheist due to my rationality and careful study on religion, yet I'm still the crazy guy thinking its a great idea to run around...
I hate watching or playing all sports except motorsports, robotics, and poker lol.
I know that I always interject random words into conversation like walrus or call people foods like pineapple or marshmellow. I just say the words I find fun to say as pronouns or interjections. I'm...
If people get turned off by my overzealousness, then I guess it's their loss to miss out on someone who'll give them their whole heart. I am all over the people I date.   On a platonic level, I'll...
Going new places are the best adventures, especially places filled with so much knowledge. More knowledge=more insane conversations, which I strive on.  :crazy:
I've hugged a Klingon before. I can get some of the fiercest warriors in the universe to give me a hug. I guess I'm like a jedi master of happy go lucky.
I love being the center of attention. It's why I like 1 on 1 conversation, small groups and performing. It's easy to control the crowd in those cases and be all like hey, look at me only/mostly....
I love how we take normally quiet and solitary activities/locales and make em adventures:crazy:
I honestly don't even consider sex and being in a relationship as separate. If I like you enough to show my talents to ya, then I love you.  Seriously, I fall head over heels immediately after a...
I've been thinking the same, totally appropriate, maybe:crazy:
I think that if you choose to enter an area of ENFPs, I think you should be more afraid of being smothered to death by friendliness than not being welcomed. We're the exact opposite of rejecting new...
I love the feel of a squishy person I'm my arms. I also love lifting not so squishy ones in the air hugging. All sizes of people have their hugging benefits and it's wicked fun! I don't hug nearly as...
I love how we're the oddball extracts that display inverted tendencies, but if we didn't spend some alone time, how would we come up with our awesome value system and reflect it.  At times I...
I'm an ENFP and I wish my ESTJ mum could see that everyone has their own way of living and thinking and needless disapproval of everyone is unproductive of everyone getting along.'"


3356: 'So today a friend of mine, who almost never catches on to sarcasm accused sarcasm as coming out of insecurity. I admit that maybe once or twice I used sarcasm in an aggressive way but in general I...
I love really emotionally driven music that is written with wit and intelligence. Music is the easiest way for me to express my feelings without feeling to vulnerable...
Oh also, I've learned to always go with my vibe or premonitions about people or events. I tend to be able sense when something bad or surpemely wonderful might happen if a certain person, or string...
I have always been really good at observing relationships between people and predicting how things are going to end up, even as a child I remember telling my mother if I thought her friends were...
I am secretly (only with my boyfriend) REALLY lovey dovey, and send lovey texts and write sarcastic, but still really love infused things.... I mean I usually have to counter it with a joke... but I...
I think the hardest thing for me and other ENTP's I know is having the ability stay on task all the way through a project and not just jump from BIG idea to the next, without focussing or...
Is it possible that Charlie Sheen is an ENTP?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOxwR3WZd2g&feature=related
Because I can...
Ha my parents are INTP ENTP it has forced my mother (ENTP) to be more organized and more feeling... but its a very interesting and hilarious dynamic. We really ought to have our own show... my poor...
Ha I definitely have full conversations in my head...  like trying to figure out how other people will respond if I say X,... it isn't very healthy since once I have the convo on my head the actual...
Ha sounds like me, and I am an ENTP...
All the other types to fill in the gaps, while we all sit around contemplating how to make the ENTP village better... and never getting around to doing it because we can't stop arguing, making...
Ah, I am sorry honey but I cannot see a universe where an ISFJ and ENTP could possibly coexist for an extended period of time... someone tell me why I am wrong with a well thought out argument and I...
Whenever an ENTP says something nice, or emotional a mean comment or a distasteful joke must come after in order to balance out the soft stuff.
Oh man that always used to happen to me, so now I cheat, and keep a wad of sticky notes and a pen beside my bed just in case.. of course I never get around to any of the brilliant ideas anyway BUT...
Heathcliff is not an ESTP, he's more an INTX
All I know is Mercutio is badass and a definite ENTP and R&J are two of the most annoying characters in all of Shakespeare. Like seriously! seriously! you've known each other for like 2 seconds,...
Yeah I love it too! I was wondering what his personality type is. Still not convinced he's an ENFJ! But you could be right
Ha ughh sometimes true & I also try to judge people based on who they would be under Nazi rule  The Hitler's The Mengele's The People who Stood by & did nothing The people who gave their...
Yes! but not so much with personal relationships (because I think I subconsciously make these things happen) but with other people's relationships or other things. & people get ticked at me if I say,...
I don't really understand what this means but I am always an 8 sx/sp/so?? I don't even know where to begin with wings.
I don't know if this was your meaning but I DO make awesome gifts! I like to last minute go to the dollar store buy  a bunch of cheap but useful stuff stick it into a reusable container, flourish it,...
My best friend tested INFP btu I don't believe it. I don't know why but when i read the profile it just doesn't fit. I think she's an ISFP, but I can't figure out enough evidence to prove...
Basically, I just don't feel/ want to believe that this body & material world is all that there is. I don't necessarily there is any power up there imposing their moral agenda on us. But even if...
I always though to Juno as ENTP, but maybe that's just because I am an ENTP and everyone who knows me and sees that movie thinks i am just like her.
I put atheist/agnostic. But I do sort of hope there's a higher power.
... when u bothers you because, seriously, can't you just type it properly?? But then you would use u to save time and energy urself.
Elizabeth Bennet is an ENFP (in the book) - Keira Knightley can't act so that's probably why it doesn't match up Darcy is for sure an INTX I won't accept anything else. Jane is an ISFJ, her and...
I can't explain why, but the way your messages come off it seems more F! I know that's wierd. I think to really know you would have to pinpoint how you interact with people, feel about them etc. What...
Yeah I was going to mention that  Zach seems to be a bit autistic too... BUT he's also a bit of a caricature
Add on to my previous statement! (Sorry I should have read this first)  I have this exact same thing, and I suffer from borderline personality disorder. I wonder if these sorts of things are common...
Yeah I cry all the time, usually when I am alone. I love crying, but I usually only do it because my emotions have built up & it can sometimes seem out of the blue to people who witness it (if...
Well you can, since I am (well borderline)
Yeah! I feel that way too. Whenever a waitress is nervous or stressed out for example, even if they are acting totally cool I can tell. People don't believe me, but if I ask them they usually break...
I find I can recognize what they are feeling, and tell how people are feeling. But I have a hard time actually sympathising and/or caring, when what they are feeling is extreme for the situation or...
Well first of all you should lower your standards. That might help. Second of all stop whining no one ever gets anywhere through whining. Third, the key is to ONLY take classes that you are...
Ha, when I did my Gr.12 English Project on Orwell's 1984 my group and I were speculating who would be what type of person in the society. Some were proles, some were being watched, some were middle...
Hahah sounds like ENTP friends...
Just always be honest and I know it's been said a million times but Be Yourself, that's just true for any person no matter what type. Oh and don't take anything we say too seriously, unless it is...
Ha this made my day.
What about Rusell?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccN1TMklsWs&feature=related - Seems sorta ENTP to me...
I am going to say taht I don't completely disagree... She actually isn't that stupid, I don't think. I think she just doesn't care... She admits she's a shitty actress, it's not like she is unaware....
Why so sure?  She seems impossible to type since Lady Gaga is not who she really is.
What does this mean? I mean what are you trying to say? Ha because I am interested but I don't understand. You don't know what to say? Or they don't?
ugh yeah I hate when someone who I was ok with/ liked/ respected suddenly does something stupid or irrational I can never ever think of them the same way. My expectations of people are always way to...
Stupidity!
Yeah Into the Wild I cried because at the time I watched that movie I was very similar to Chris in the movie wanting to go off and stick it to the man and whatnot and I realized how selfish and...
Into the Wild (I cried... for hours) Becoming Jane Inglorious Basterds When Harry Met Sally Les Choristes The Thin Red Line The Original Star Wars Trilogy Star Trek (JJ Abrams) Ferris...
That's great but you didn't say what was the dumbest thing, thus making your post slightly dumb'"


3367: 'I'm exactly the same way!  Especially the sun and airplanes.  Everyone starts freaking out about the turbulence and I am falling asleep
you are invigorated and confused :crazy:
I have heard almost everyday that to be happy in life you need to find your passion.  I think this is a great idea but I find it really hard to find something to be truly passionate about.  There are...
One of my best friends is an ESTP and her mind is so far in the gutter its like in a septic tank haha :crazy:
oh my I don't know what to say haha :unsure: It looks like a flower or a heart to me... but now... :unsure:  and yah most of my friends suck at sneeking... they are like I have a secret  and I'm...
Hi ESTPs and anyone else who may read this.  I just made one of my best friends take the 41 questions test and she got ESTP.  And at first I was surprised but the more I thought about it the more...
Have you ever thought about how littlE you know about other people? Even people you think you know well like your best friends and parents.  Like honk about all the thoughts and dreams a d ambitions...
i agree... I would suggest something more constructive... like making cookies
I think they mentioned the bad parts about remembering everything.  They talked to one woman about when she had to move when she was 13 and how bad it made her feel.  She said she remembered it like...
I saw that too and thought it was amazing.  I tried to remember things like that and failed horribly.  To think those people can remember everything about every day and  I can hardly remember last...
I usually wait to start a project to see if I still like it.  I also will tell my friends or people what it is so I have to follow through.  I just committed to choreographing a piece for a May dance...
I'm the same with the memory/ reminding thing not so much with the sleep learning sounds cool though. Do you have any idea how you do it?
I dont see why not...
no thanks beer is disgusting... :tongue:
Lullaby wow attractive.  I was looking for the thanks button but there isnt one here so I will say it here... Thanks who is this person?
Yay for May babies :crazy: ... Only I think I ruin the Gemini stretch... Taurus for me...:unsure:
I'm going to have to go with ravenclaw with slytherin a close second- so original right?  Oh and does anyone else find griffindor kinda overrated?
hmm how about maybe- isn't the chase supposed to be the best part? :tongue:
maybe if you were a guy...
i get to the right page then a bulletin says i got the random question it says 1+1=? and anything i put it says is wrong... very frustrating...
I do that short term- if I am eating several things at once I will think that was yummy but have no idea what I just ate, but I don't think that was what you meant...:mellow:
Well how old are you? And I don't like girls so...
I love the people that I do know- or at least most of them, but because of school and dance and other busy making things I haven't met any new people in a long time and it's irritating.  There was...
no worries...me neither
i dont know je ne connais pas vous...
Yay! I think you're cool too :happy:
All the time- I also make up stories to make boring things less boring.  Like more interesting reasons why I have to do them, or why they are happening.  I also do that to fall asleep :happy:
Oh my...:mellow:
Ooh a god! Shiva? If so yup :)
no :crazy:
Maybe I shall switch it up and say no... * wonders what will occur*
J'aime beaucoup! C'est tres interresant! ( sorry to anyone who actually speaks French and is offended) je suis desole.
^ this- morbid but oh so fun...  for me maybe well that was fun  or go the more realistic but boring route she was loved  :tongue:
Sure- I've never met an INTJ in real life :tongue:
I feel dumb repeating myself- oh well- sure
why not? :happy:
^this. I was wondering.  If introverts are more comfortable being by themselves would this translate to being less worried about being left alone or does the opposite apply.
Only if you promise to solve my rubix cube:mellow: kiosks that sounds kinda dirty...
Mlah I think we have been over this- friends?
16 :unsure:
i look older than i am :tongue: hee plus to be OLD you have to be at least 70 imo hee
YAY!!!!! :crazy:
Straight- but you seem pretty awesome friends?:laughing:
ooh J'aime beaucoup!  1.  I love mixing random languages into my speech- even though i am not good at any of them even my native tongue English (just spelled speech wrong)  2.  I hate incorrect...
The age diff is a bit large:mellow:
crying over stupid stuff that isnt even upsetting eff you adolescent hormones eff you!!! :angry:
^ lol really I laughed.. But yes I do this especially in text messages I also use random other words from other language ( j'aime t'was tres reizvolle) but at times middle English is much more...
I cannot spell to save my life.  And I hate that auto correct cannot read my mind I have friend and though I act like myself around them I don't feel like the actually know me I wish there was...
That is zoo disgusting- it reminds me of another when you can hear people chewing or breating  or doing that weird numnum tasting thing ewww:angry:
Okay that sounds fair:mellow:'"


3402: 'Frankly, ESTP and ENTP are paradoxically reversed...  The ENTP is the eagle, seeing things seen and unseen (N wise).  The ESTP is the one who acts more like a hyena, in the here and now...not...
Don't the floods of emotion show one cares?  It seems to me this would add to the relationship..?
What?  Where did you find this information-?  :happy:I know of no state-sponsored INFJ groups in the US :unsure:...that sounds not implausible, but unlikely as a special interest program  This...
You do realize doing this^ is counterintuitive to the effect it appears you desire, and will result in more of what you don't want don't you...:wink:  ...or you recognize this device and that's...
Objectively and in entirety of your approach...Your ego surpasses and is higher than your intelligence.    How often do trip over yourself?  Your circumlocution is obvious.  Trying to lend...
[QUOTE=Charlie Chaotic;44216]I somewhat figured that, but he claims that he is, so I put it...  Yes, I am...and I test it every time!  Perhaps not all ENTPs are as smart as they assume.
Shai why do you say that?
If they're nervous and inexperienced, then yes perhaps.
QUOTE=limetree;1181]I've never been a relationship but I find ENPs to be interesting, bright-aura'd folks. Talk about nuclear intuitive combo...which makes me think of neopets snowpuffs. :D  The...
I understand the feeling of doing something good like planting 6 elm saplings...and the focus enjoyed going along with that time...:happy:
I feel really sorry and empathize perhaps how you experience this..  I am an honest person.  I see how dishonesty can hurt people, even amongst two people with no interpersonal relationship to...
Ain't no thing.
I have two questions..Do you know the types of your parents? What is your age? Thanks.:happy:
Jenn, where did you read about the ENTP being the conscious and the INFJ being like the subconscious?  I'm interested and will read these sources you tell me of...:happy:
Why do you refer to me that way?
You don't have to answer that one if you don't have an answer.  Thinking of something isn't necessary or ostensible.
One word:  Loyalty.  What you get from being loyal is Peace inside!  Try it..you can always go back to whatever you're doing now, but trust me it's indescribably peaceful feeling and you won't want...
Artisans go out to have fun and find fun and fantasy externally..INFJs glean much fun and fantasy from deep thoughts and imaginations on the inside.    I, an ENTP, am torn between the two.  I want...
Artisans go out to have fun and find fun and fantasy externally..INFJs glean much fun and fantasy from deep thoughts and imaginations on the inside.    I, an ENTP, am torn between the two.  I want...
Is this a Tactical or Strategic Fight?  It would seem that 'Street Fight' would have the impression of a more one-to-one fight, a tactical fight.  Although in this day and age, especially in wartime...
I don't think 19 years is quick..I believe most people would agree with that.   I recognize your curiousity.  Thanks.   Some people have a level of fear of the unknown... ...and Right..you can...
I am in love with an INFJ and I find myself automatically protecting her from others..I don't know how that started..or happened..it's just natural.  Thanks for that reflection Jenn..You're...
True there's not much if any barrier...like peas in a pod...effortless understanding..maybe if one just didn't know what a certain word meant but other than that it's cool!  Chasing away INFJ? ...
But i do have my alone time which i really invest in development (if there weren't any other beings in your life, how would you be able to realize who you are?)   Now THAT is Genius!!!   Anks Man
Maybe it wasn't clear...That's not what I was writing about nor the context of the comment...if you're referring to the quote If someone tells themselves.....   It's not directed as a reflection...
Thank you So Much!!  I did send her a romantic story Friday...(after we had talked)...maybe too quick I don't know.  I don't want to hurry love.    I just wrote very litte in the title of the...
I understand..the mystic is from your imagination..It feels good to get it on paper..and revisit the dreaming..Lol..thanks:happy:
This is a nice one..   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XV_dbCF1jOA
In other words, and I don't expect an answer to this...People sometimes say to themselves...SO and So has to do this in order for me to be happy with x situation..only then will I feel content or...
If someone tells themselves something enought times, they believe it.    And, The biggest lies are the most believable.  Adolf Hitler taught us that...Bad as it may seem.
That's okay You feel it and that says it's in there somewhere..just because you don't outwardly express it doesn't make it any less true..
Thanks friends sounds nice..That's important to know each other has each other's back..Way to go!
I would like to know why they turned sour (b/c of the ideal part not being met?) or was that your or their decision?    I'm falling in love with an INFJ...she's wonderful...I'm not sure how much...
I would like to know why they turned sour (b/c of the ideal part not being met?) or was that your or their decision?    I'm falling in love with an INFJ...she's wonderful...I'm not sure how much...
Right you are..So often from my perspective too...I am rarely understood.  I have learned not to second-guess myself or doubt myself..Right on.
Very Nice!  So smooth..    With the still life, Do you draw as you see, do you draw as you imagine--do you combine or blend both methods?  Maybe you're not sure..they look genius.  I went to an...
Hello.  How long have you been posting?
You have a real poetic talent.. That's wonderfully beautiful..I'm feeling wrapped inside a cocoon..haha..Wow
I can see that..although I know it's a subsequent function...so I'm clear on it.  Thanks..
Some people are on the borderline...I know the context of this site is of typecasting, but the research supporting this site is, in fact, done by humans...invented methods of testing by...
I don't know any other INFJs who invent contraptions.  I have several.  So there's  more to learn about others than you may realize. Just in case you forgot, I have said that I was an INFJ and am...
ENTPs provide logic and gain feeling from the intuitive base thinking style of the INFJ/ENTP relationship.    Does the INFJ yearn to express themself like the (E)?    I know I yearn to feel more...
Thanks for your reply...  What are your inside rules for people doing these tasks?  In other words, what has to happen in order for you to be happy?  A
I think he's just expressing a little light cynicism at some past thing in his life..I wouldn't worry about it..cheers. Am I right CJAY?  Thanks for the write-back on the other blog CJAY!!  'Anks Man.
Hmm..I recognize everyone expresses themselves in different ways and in different amounts, not always the same amount respective even to the same person.    So I am cool with a woman not expressing...
Trust No1,  What are your expectations of the lady you work for?  What is her MBTI? (I'm not suggesting you ask her)  Misplaced anger is not healthy for you.  Some people will say anger alltogether...
Very funny Lykos. Draw back into the Fight?  Ignoring me?  Your multiple posting show you are very attentive indeed.    Circumlocuting vaguely into a phantom idea is a trick I am wise to..But...
That's clever but you're boring me.
I'd love to spar with you Lykos..But I've been there and done that..How old are you?
I wasn't focused on me.'"


3426: 'Ni
My SO is an INTJ and a sexy one at that ;)  For me it's the confidence, skill and razor-sharp wit.  Not to mention the Fi makes him a cuddle bear when we're alone. I get to keep that side of him...
My best friend is a 9. I love 9s! They're very kind, tolerant and tend to see all sides of an issue, which when combined with their calming manner makes for someone who gives amazing advice.
I'm an ENTP (used to think I was ENFP) so maybe the personality type is close enough.  I was in an LDR for 2 years with my current SO before we moved closer together. Speaking in broad...
3 and 5 give me strong Fe vibes.  Going by gut instinct I'll say ISFJ.  Si because he takes movies (sensory experience) to base his judgements on and the part about hiding emotions not to worry...
One stereotype fulfilled... LOL
Intj
People always talk about 'fat' but what most people don't realise that there are two types of fat--subcutaneous fat and visceral fat.  Subcutaneous fat is the type that's evenly distributed around...
I can't speak for all 3s but I can share a big turning point for me.  Five years ago I experienced a pretty major setback in life and I withdrew almost completely. I inactivated most of my social...
When you work yourself to exhaustion and you don't even realise it until people start to comment on how you're acting more and more zombie-like lol  When you 'turn it on' for other people and then...
ENTP  I do like to debate but only with the right crowd. I don't go around stirring shit and playing devil's advocate with every person I meet lol.  I sometimes like to mess with people but I'm...
Lol, I logged in after years and found this nine-year-old thread revived!  Thanks for the answers everyone :)
No and no. If, hypothetically, I would have the most satisfying love imaginable I don't think I could get over the pain of losing him. Or even if I did, I would never be fully satisfied with any...
As someone who had this problem before, agreed. Wow! How did you know? xD  Some things to add: 5) You think you can be any type you choose to be 6) You internally recoiled from the 3 description...
Sx/So  1. Physical Touch 2. Quality Time 3. Gifts 4. Acts of Service 5. Word of Affirmation  I find that I express myself most genuinely through touch. I instinctively touch people I feel...
I believe my mother is a 2w3, but 6 should be in her tritype.    Yes, wholeheartedly agreed with. I think I might have accidentally overstepped some boundaries with the respect part by being too...
teddy564339  I know I thanked your post already, but thank you! That was very insightful. It opened my eyes to the issues I've been unfortunately missing and gave me ideas how to deal with it.  ...
First of all, happy new year! Hope you all have a fruitful new year and many happy memories to come!  I'm sorry for this rather negative thread, but this issue has been eating me up, and I need...
I'm not being obtuse, but you're acute boy.
If I were an enzyme, I'd be helicase so that I could unzip your genes.
I'm far more logical in my train of thought than my external organization of matters; (Ti over Te) and more emotional in my external approach to people than my internal judgements of them. (Fe over...
Haha! I can see the similarities. My brother looks cold and unfriendly when he doesn't talk, but very animated when he does. The best moments are when he seems totally uninterested in the...
My enneagram type is 3w2-1w2-7w6. The effect of the 1 and the double 2 wing initially made it difficult for me to discover my MBTI type, because I'm often perfectionistic to the point of seeming like...
Introverts and extroverts are proven to have different body language. If you gesture with your whole arm, you're likely an extrovert, but if you gesture only from elbow below, you're likely an...
As a 3w2, I beg to differ. I thought I was an ENFP until I realised I used Ti-Fe rather than Fi-Te. Not to generalise, but the 2 wing seems more Fe as it is associated with making others feel...
Funny how it corresponds to my enneagram.  9 The performer   9's are natural entertainers. They are very caring and generous, giving away their last dollar to help. With their charm, they have no...
Meanwhile in heaven http://img198.imageshack.us/img198/1499/wtfcsx.jpg
It's funny how much I empathise with this. I used to blurt things out without thinking them through and it made a hell lot of problems for me.  The most important thing to do before speaking is to...
http://img803.imageshack.us/img803/3623/38961644749993194613220.jpg  http://img528.imageshack.us/img528/8199/40777010150614590320359.jpg
Been wavering between ENTP and ENFP for the longest time. I'm quite certain of the T now though, so I'm adding myself to this list.  Hope the table turns out all right.    User Name Tritype...
Congratulations :)
Thanks for that! It makes things even clearer now. I'm still quite confused about my own type though. Got to think about it >.>
Yes, that's very clear thanks :)
Could you give me an example of what you mean by being protective over emotions and considering them special? For instance, my emotions are obviously important to me, but I would definitely...
Doctorjuice  I like your video!  I'm having that exact problem right now - I can't decide if I'm really ENFP. I've been wavering between ENTP and ENFP for a few weeks now.  The thing is, I'm...
Congratulations!^^
Wow, I spent really long figuring out my MBTI (still not entirely sure to this day), but got my enneagram 3 right off the bat.  I had to admit, when I first read the 3 description after taking the...
Just thought I'd share this interesting article. :wink:  How Talent Can Hold You Back How Talent Can Hold You Back | Creative Life & Entrepreneurship  The Burden of Talent at a Young Age Ix92ve...
My ESTP friend makes a very fun friend, and a great motivator. She's really witty and sometimes overly impulsive IMO. I love our friendship. Unfortunately, I can't confide much to her because she has...
Viva: 4w3 7w6 8w9 so/sx Ace Face: 7w8, 8w7, 3w2 cue5c: 3w2 so/sp The King of Dreams: 9w1 7w6 2w1 so/sx Alysaria: 7w6, 2w3, 9w8 sx/so MusicBird: 7w6, 9w8, 4w3 Eerie: 7w8-1w2-4w3 sx/sp Finaille:...
Your Enneagram (with wing): 3w2-1w2-7w6  Your instincts, and how confident you are about them: sx/sp, I'm 99% sure.  In reference to your Enneagram do you consider yourself; - A higher energy...
Indeed. I don't recall myself possessing tentacles *quirks eyebrow haughtily*
Donate your organs. As much as you can.
I'm still waiting for that entire system of numbers.  Just kidding.  Looks like we'll be fwens! *SPARKLY ENFP SMILE*
3w2-1w2-7w6 sx/sp  I had a really hard time picturing. The flashy 3, the impeccable 1, the colourful 7, and quite a strong flavouring of the warm 2 as well...  I think this is a good image...
Congratulations :)
Good intro. Love the punnyness of this thread. Welcome :)
Your experiences are what shapes you - so while having a good comfortable life is what people want, making mistakes and going through difficult times are what makes you stronger and more mature. Look...
I had a similar situation before - and was stuck in the friendship for 3 years because of guilt. This particular friend of mine though, is also manipulative, so I don't know how much you can relate....
http://misspicture.files.wordpress.com/2010/09/wve-white-flag-260.jpg'"


3433: I feel like the E makes me more likely to be T. If anything, it's my Ne that softens my Ti.
I don't think I could handle being with a male INFJ. I'm so callous and they're so...sensitive.   I just need a nice INTJ boy to help me plan world domination.
I have a soft spot for ENFPs and ENFJs. Currently, my softest spot is for an ISFJ. People just walk all over them...
I would 'cheat' just to see if I could get away with it.
When you can hold your crying friend without feeling awkward.
I'm definitely an extrovert, but I'm an only child, so I'm used to spending hours and hours alone. I just find something for myself to do that offers me as much opportunity to engage myself as...
I tell stories quite frequently and based by my audience's reaction, s quite well.  My ENTP friend, however, is horrible at telling stories. Like, absolutely horrible. He starts laughing and...
I used to be friendless, but then I realized I didn't have to pretend to be some sort of creepy ENTP/ESFJ hybrid. In college, I know a lot of people on a surface level, but I would only consider a...
Blackberry, but I used to have an iPhone. I like having a phone that doesn't die from surfing the web for ten minutes.
I'm almost always bored. I'm only completely entertained if I'm doing something that I can't ADD away from.
I don't really know. I can't really describe what people look like, but I recognize people I've seen before, even if it was only once or twice. I remember names better if I see them written down, but...
Find an INFJ to do it for you.   One of my good INFJ friends loves to organize, so I let her.
Dear God, I hope not.
I always get ISTJ on these quizzes, which isn't a bad thing, because they're quite abundant. I'm not really sure if that's what I need, though. I understand S-types very well, but I'd need this ISTJ...
People don't call me cute. They call me scary.
I really like to dress up, but my personality itself is very masculine. Like, exceedingly masculine. Like, very dominating and I've got no problems taking control of a room. I'm a very, very hardcore...
Well, revenge as in, If someone does me wrong, I've got no problems removing them from my life. Friendship annihilated.
People come to me with their problems frequently, but don't dwell on them because they know that once I give them a solution, I'm done. I'm not about to get emotionally invested, and I'll tell them...
I have an ESFJ mom, and I'm frequently annoyed by her insanity. At least I got some Fe for my troubles.
I don't have the patience to take that test now, but I know I couldn't be a Ravenclaw. I'm smart, but I'm so much more of a doer than a learner. I need to be in the action. I'm crafty and cunning...
I want people to see me as someone they can come to with their problems.  Someone who gives great advice because they aren't guided by their emotions  Someone who's intelligent  Someone worth...
I've got the amazing ability to look put together even when things are falling apart. I think it's because my mind is a jumble of ideas and I don't like to dwell on things I can't change/am too lazy...
I'm very even-tempered. Like, scarily so. I don't get easily frustrated, which makes it hard for me to identify with my F-type friends. Hell, it makes it hard for me to identify with my more...
I guess this gives me a more 'type B' personality. I don't get stress over little things, and I find little motivation to do things I just don't care about. Still, I'm very motivated to do things I'm...
Cigarettes are gross. Only hookah.
I can't say that genetics has a lot to do with personality type. I'd say we take after one parent until we realize that we are independent people. I really took after my mom (which helped me develop...
I consider myself an alpha male. (This will sound arrogant.)  People follow me around, and they always assume I know what I'm doing. I've got a dominant personality, but I rarely go out of my way...
I feel an automatic love connection with NFs. I can pick one out quicker than I can find any other type. All of my best friends have been NFs, and NFs and NTs just get me. I don't have to explain my...
One of my closest friends is an ISTJ, and I don't know if I could handle it. You can't just expect him to connect the dots. I have to draw the dots, hold his hands and help him connect them.  I'm...
I've ben faking emotions since I was little. My over-emotional mom thought there was something wrong with me because I don't run around trying to take care of everyone, (Because she's a hardcore...
Be completely inflexible Be a stereotypical S-type and shun everything you deem 'impractical.' Don't pay attention to me when I speak (seems to be a common thing in this thread.) Don't understand...
Been called both. Oddly enough, I don't consider myself blunt. Tactless, yes. I try not to sugar coat things because everyone else will do that for me.
I had three imaginary friends, but I conjured them up because I'm an only child and didn't have a lot of friends in my neighborhood.
I'm just naturally loud. People hear me coming down the hall, around corners...across the quad.
A long-ass time ago. I blame my ESFJ mom for this. She bred it into me, and for that I thank her. As previously mentioned my Fe, can make me seem rather ENFP-ish at times. I'm great at analyzing...
I'm a musician, and with that comes a boatload of gays. I have a lot of friends who are gay, but I don't seek them out. I'm not a girl who's friends with someone just because they're gay. I'm not a...
When I get stressed, I turn into an unhealthy ISFJ. I want to be left alone to the EXTREME, and my Ne goes down to zero and I find myself trying to use Si to function, which always fails. I have the...
I've got an ISFJ friend and we get along swimmingly. He always laughs at my hare-brained schemes, and he gives great advice. I've got a few ISFJ tendencies. I do feel the need to care for people...
I'm not bad at math, (though my grades would disagree.) I just think it's all really unnecessary.   So I don't care.
I play piano and am a classically trained singer attending college for voice.
I definitely go 'INTJ' when I need to get things done or when I'm somewhere I don't want to be. I don't talk. I'm INCREDIBLY INTROSPECTIVE. For instance, people at my job would probably be surprised...
I don't share my information with just anyone. I'll take anyone's information, but I rarely share mine.
I've been a musician for as long as I can remember, and that's what I'm in college for.
SCUEI Primary type is calm.
Do you wear a lot of makeup? Sometimes. Most of the time, I just wear mascara, and eyeliner if anything at all.  Do you spend a lot of time on your hair in the morning? Nope. I put it into a...
ESFJs really grate on my nerves because EVERYTHING needs to be tied to either emotions or rules with them. I don't need ESFJs asking why I'm not sad about something. Get over it. Also, they take...
Hard, hard left Libertarian. But I call myself a Democrat.
Only by my mother. And I'm not. Other people's opinions are just too stupid waste time listening to. Until they realize that, all I can do is put on a happy face and listen.
Truth. I'm an extrovert, but people in public need to understand that I don't want to talk to them. I know things, but I don't necessarily want to share.
I have an ISFJ friend whom I love dearly. I'd say offer your advice in a way that doesn't sound like you're mothering us. We know what we're doing is wrong. We just don't care.  ETA what actually..."


3437: 'This mention stuff is annoying
What if piss was the cure for cancer?  It would be funny if your girlfriend had breast cancer and to cure her you'd have to piss on her chest every day.  Chemotherapy would be pretty disturbing
Was kinda the pack leader from 6-11, then I found out about things that were more interesting than people, done some things I still cringe at having done today and spent most of my time researching...
I listen to the howard stern show for the better part of every day, turns my brain right off.
The biggest struggle is just living life as it is. Just having to do stuff is the worst. I'm frequently pissed off by the system of living life that someone else made up and it's now enforced by...
The worst thing is that if that happened to me I would probably laugh at myself saying that afterwards when she was out of earshot.
I'm not saying it's a bad thread, I'm just saying I wish I could pick that choice because I truly don't give a shit about what colour something is.
1. Run away if possible 2. If not just try to make them laugh with jokes about their situation 3. If that doesn't work cringe with awkwardness and run away anyway
I still use facebook because this screen no longer exists.   ...
Why no I don't give a shit option?
I really hope that doesn't happen to me, since that's what most of the fun I have consists of.
Well to get on topic besides studying law I also produce music but just for myself and I'm about to start an internet radio talk show with some mates - got some great ideas for guests, bits and all...
Well I'm studying law and it's some of the most boring and annoying shit I've ever done in my life learning about who wrote what constitution and what was in it. I have to learn all of this crap and...
Don't go into law dude, you think it'll be interesting and you'll get to argue for money, but it's actually just learning tons of meaningless shit that's completely irrelevant to the profession...
1) The first thing that comes in your mind (HONESTLY) Vagina  2) The first person that comes in your mind Me  3) What do you actually like doing? Nothing  4) What are your favourite types to...
Post Fuck all of you on facebook.
I've actually always felt like that about being an attorney, or something else related to the law, just because I like arguing with people, so I just went for that because nothing else came to mind....
All this is nice, but it kinda sucks when you realise that there's not actually any point in what you're doing and there's no way of finding something to do that has a point. I'm all about moving...
I've seriously tried most of my life to find one of these things called a passion. It's supposed to be something you love more than anything to do and you should arrange your future life according...
Alone, it's nice to have people around but it stops being nice when you can't get them out.
Huh, nothing even close to that has ever happened to me.
I don't believe IQ actually measures real intelligence, just one area of it. Having said that, I haven't taken the test, so I don't know my score, but I have taken a test that I think is a bit...
why do i even visit this forum?
You should have made this thread six years ago.
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1e/Viola_d'amore.jpg
Yeah, like Hitler, the guy was just helping jews from the suffering of being jews. What would he be if he didn't do it? He had every right to kill these people, just like you have every right to...
An ENTP commie, you better be Chinese or something.
****
Radicalism91.25 Socialism18.75 Tenderness46.875  These scores indicate that you are a progressive; this is the political profile one might associate with a university professor. It appears...
I've never been interested in any of these things except maybe the drinking.
I never knew one could fit so much BS in one paragraph.
Nah, it's my current obsession. Also modular synths.
Gta 5
I relate fully to OP on most of it. I usually drink with more or less the same group of people every weekend and one week I'm enjoying them and having a lot of fun, talking a lot and then the next...
Are there any other ENTPs who just don't give a damn about being in a relationship? For me it's more of a pain in the ass than a good thing, I'd prefer a one night stand any day.
Just don't watch skins. Shit sucks, especially after they get rid of the entire cast and replace it with worse actors.
Anything by Philip K. Dick, just amazing stuff.
> implying greentext works outside of 4chan
Wrong.
n  Well, weed probably affects different people in many different ways, unlike the aforementioned drugs. I'm not really addicted to any of them except cigarettes. You're very wrong with the...
Yes.
Sorry buddy, there's no helping you.
Yeah, I drink alcohol and coffee and I smoke. But unlike you I realized that self-medicating with weed is an extremely poor choice. Go see a psychiatrist.
Well, you can either confront your problems or run away to weed from them.
p > e > n > i > s
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/--ekR6jG4Iwk/Tw4zvKN4RCI/AAAAAAAAAn0/IX-VBCUOUvs/s1600/didnt-read-lol-chicken-gif.gif
I hate all insects, but spiders are the worst (not counting centipedes, thank god they dont live here). I usually have long battles with them, because i refuse to touch them with my hand, so I use...
Astrology is invalid.   Provided that astrology is the belief that the position of planets at the moment of a person's birth has an effect on their future, consider twins. If the planets were in...
I usually split a vodka bottle with somebody and mix it with some lemonade or energy drink, kills the shitty taste.
Nah, I know an ENFP guy who is pretty fun to exchange random crap with though, it's like we speak similar languages although when in bigger groups we usually compete for the spotlight. I'm hoping not...'"


3461: 'And Kanye is S to the MAXIMUM  Sent from my SM-G930P using Tapatalk
NOOOO WHAT first of all.. David Bowie is an INFJ  Sent from my SM-G930P using Tapatalk
Chopin is an ENFP 100%  Sent from my SM-G930P using Tapatalk
For me personally, ENTJs. My dad is an ENTJ and left a horrible taste in my mouth for them. Now whenever I meet one they just piss me off. Their controling and tempermental tendencies bug the crap...
Totally agree. I know I won't mind, neither will the INTJ. I'm afraid the INFPs feeling might get hurt at some point. But then again, she's really used to me, so I'm not sure. I just can't easily...
So, my cousin(infp) is coming to the states to do a year of college. As we've been looking at housing options, my boyfriend (INTJ) recommended that I move into his new place (1000sq ft 2 bedroom)...
I would date the hell out of that man. That's hilarious :)
You really dont have an understanding of laissez-faire economics, because that is not what happens.
Time to forward this one to my boyfriend, you were spot on.
I'd say house is definitely an INTJ. Wit isn't an exclusive ENTP quality, hell my INTJ boyfriend is witty as hell (he just tends to mutter his witty retorts under his breath). House is far too...
I completely understand that. I was just explaining it the best I could, but it's hard to describe a persons type and reasoning to someone who doesn't know them. I never based my opinions on the...
I think from ages 2-8, you can type a kid accurately. And then from 8-when they pull their teenage head out of their ass they are too busy trying on different personalities to type accurately. As a...
My boyfriend feels the need to tell me because a few times that I didn't drive shen we first started dating I would end up wandering in circles before I got out of my own head long enough to realize...
My dad and I argue all the time. (I'm ENTP he's ENTJ). Hell, just yesterday I was on the phone with him and he says The only times you do not annoy me and I do not want to argue with you is when we...
I think S and N really provide people with a different type of intelligence. Both are necessary, but they are different. Sensors often times have a great understanding of what is. Their intelligence...
I just walk from the store and then I'm in my car. I never thought about how (ENTP) my INTJ boyfriend is different.. When we leave a store he tells me No, we are in the north west corner 600 yards...
My goal as a child was to be president of the US. And then my mom pointed out that I was not a natural born citizen and my dreams were crushed. So yeah, I'd take the fuck out of that job.
See, I always wanted children. I mean, the opportunity to create a miniature human and mold them into a fully functioning adult? How cool is that? But, I don't understand why other people assume...
Bartender, without all the shitty aspects. I just want to listen to peoples stories and meet all the weird asses of the world.
I grew up in a family that consisted of only NT's. Hostility is our only way of showing affection:rolleyes:
Why did you say yellow?
I was correcting him that it wasn't narcissism. I don't have anything against you, you're young and made a mistake. I've fucked up a million times, it's no big deal.
It was a girl who posted pictures of two of her friends without their consent to get opinions on which friend was prettier, and she was then going to show her friends. It wasn't even her fishing for...
I'm glad you deleted the pictures, it was the right choice.
Not all girls do this... but more importantly, you posted pictures of these girls on a site without their permission? And even worse, it was for strangers online to judge their appearance?
They are pretty much equal on the scale of attractiveness. But really, who gives a flying fuck? They shouldn't care or be fighting about this, it's ridiculous and reflects poorly on them.
Ahhh I thought you were saying that stupid people were fat. I was very confused.
.. they're fat?
It's different, but I see your point. So many people have such a horrible understanding of the nervous system and it's very sad. I literally did have to explain to someone that our brains were not...
Not necessarily. I understand concepts very well and very easily, but if someone were to give me a test filled with irrelevent details I would not do well. Because although I can understand most...
...... your brain is not a muscle... that statement hurt me very deeply...  Plus, your emotions and experiences are all part of your brain anyways, so there is really nothing else you should be...
Some people dislike some other people. Everyone has a certain kind of person they just don't get along with, it's completely natural. Everyone has conflicting traits with at least one other person...
Growing up with an ENTJ father...  I can not begin to explain how accurate that gif is!!!  And being an ENTP, that is 100% what my mind is like;)  You did a great job
Haven't you seen that scarlett johanson movie where she becomes so smart she becomes part of everything on earth? Come on now, keep up with science
Never read a more accurate representation of my time in school. I had 2 teachers that saw something in me, and the rest would ignore my questions and say I was off topic or that it wasn't important....
Yellow. My blood is the cure for cancer and 14 million people are diagnosed with cancer per year. I charge each person 10 dollars for a vial of my blood. I make a shit load of money and cure cancer...
Ehh not a fan of the new one. Makes me feel like I'm cheating on Anthony Hopkins and Thomas Harris, because as great as the new actor is... he isn't as accurate to those wonderful novels as Anthony...
I've definitely seen the show:) I love it :) and he's only socially awkward because he is an outsider in a very close sort of family. And yeah he shoes his emotions most strongly when relating to...
Now he's my favorite INTJ;)
Not exactly sure, but he doesn't have the social difficulties that is so typical of INTJs, and he's far more feeling than an INTJ. He's an amazing character, and I don't have an alternate type, but...
Ehh simon isn't an INTJ I don't think..
I don't really troll in the traditional sense. But I do really enjoy playing devils advocate. I'm one of the rare people who is exactly the same online and offline though, and I don't find trolling...
I'm not disagreeing:) I've noticed as a whole, F women are more attractive to straight men and T men are more attractive to straight women. Especially to T women.
Idk, I rarely get along with S's. I need someone to feed my abstract thoughts, and an S just isn't right for me. Idk about other ENTPs though. But I completely agree with the rest.
I swear, there will never be a better match for us than INTJs. Maybe INFJs for a few of us, but definitely INTJs for the majority.
Well, I dated a hyper religious guy for a few months... but then he started telling me that god started visiting him in his room every night when he was 10 and that god commanded him to convert me....
INTJ, boyfriend and best friend.
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1NvgLkuEtkA  I don't know how to be fancy and make the video show up... but basically, I just had to use a step stool to get in my cabinet so this song is fitting
An INFP. Definitely an idealist
I actually did that today. I was walking out of my apartment, thinking about god knows what, and next thing I know I was rolling down the stairs thinking what the fuck just happened'"


3486: 'Some people (probably royal ones) are still gonna be owning/controlling those machines at the end of the day in my opinion tho.
1984 to the 1984th power. Unless we do something about it the next few years
FreeWheeling Idealist.
20,000 exactly lol. I wish I had the capacity for 20,004  I
lol thanks for teachin me a new word
^thanks is for the avi
Id probably work on my fitness so when the movie was over Id have a better chance at surviving life
Whatup aliens...Been here for a little while but this is my first thread...I come in Peace:crazy:  I was thinking about the Myers Briggs Test the other day when I was trying to type one of my...
Im a master at puking up blood
I think Id need a T as a counselor
Lol but that instinct can also get us into situations where experiences are the only way we'll learn something.
The definition of being charming varies from person to person. So to be charming to someone, you have to be in tune with what the other person/people would consider to be charming. ENTPs are good...
As an ENTP i dont believe in numerical representations of intelligence
Thanks: 9000  Given: No
Jan/July/Sep
One I know is the definition of a one-upper; and lies a lot. Hes cool to talk to but I can only take about 30-40 min before I start to get annoyed.
This will likely be my last post on PerC  Lol ya... kept the door open for a return in the first sentence.
I agree with the original posters sentiment.  The question is; what are WE going to do about it?
When your brain moves faster you have an advantage if you know how to harness it
Id like to be in that room.  I think it could be competitive for awhile. Groups and Subgroups forming around certain topics and ideas. Then eventually find a way to work more together.  We'd need...
Biggest waste of money ever
Ive never lost a battle (of wits) that Ive wanted to win.
I agree that an ENTJ leader with a close ENTP mentor/advisor would be quite the team
my ideal mate is probably an INTJ.
I want to talk about why the fuck I'm here
Didnt read the thread...but...  Could you picture what would be? So limitless and free..?  Lol
Several know of MBTI because of me.   Ive had four people take it and have got three of them correct. The 4th we cant get a type for yet. Im only sure that he's extroverted lol.   The person who...
I think its paying for friends
I like to debate and I love when it leads to me progressively alter my methods of thinking
Just being there sometimes is enough.
silver black and blue
Talk to other people; about what youre trying to do or anything. Different viewpoints, whether smart or not, can spur creativity.  Know who your audience is.  Also theres a quote out there that...
Why are you on this Earth and who put you here
I cured cancer
Talk too much.  Have too much respect for rules and social  norms.  Take one of our ideas and act like you thought of it
But you still understood what she was sayin you fag
O muh gawd im nevre gona use empropper grammer agen.   Lol i think the character that matt damon played in The Informant was an ENTP
Id say pick me...but read my sig...
never took one
an ENFP I know has a lot of irrational fears that almost consume him and its easy to play off those
Maybe the truth is manipulated too...
im great at small talk i just usually choose not to do it.
Tiger.....
I don't gaze at people but im good at givin different kinds of looks  I can also get away with doing literally almost anything if I use my stone face. Show no emotion and look kinda...
Nope. If I would I wouldnt consider them a SO.
If you truly have a problem with cussing you aren't really thinking like an ENTP. Must be usin a Feeling function Lol  We are taught what cuss words are. Just a label that people tell us for a...
Nope nevah stuttered.
I feel for you i just am startin to walk after breakin my ankle in 3 places. It sucks but you just gotta try to keep in good spirits. There will be some days that are worse than others. Its a good...
cant stand star trek
haha meant to be said in a kindergarten tattle tale voice'"


3489: 'I can relate to this, thank you. :D
Oh thanks for this! I found this fun to read. I can relate with all of you ESTJ points. The ISTJ I know can also be very warm, but seem indifferent most the time.
I've gotten:  Narcissism: 2.4, 35% above me Machiavellainism: 2.1, 23% above me Psychopathy: 1.4, 9% above me
I have heard of that...  However, for years, I've actually wanted to be Ravenclaw! Believe it or not, I find them very intellectual and elegant. But I constantly score under Slytherin over and over...
That does make sense... they both kind of sound like me, although I don't believe I'd be able to solve the riddles to enter the Ravenclaw room like they do.
I ask because INTJs are supposedly one of the ENTPs' natural partners. I'm wondering if some of you get along with us. -->This is completely unrelated, but I'm Slytherin as well!
Thanks for your input! I relate to a lot of the dislikes, ironically. I definitely realize that I can be too loud, when engaged in an interesting topic, but once I notice, I try my best to tone it...
Understandable and logical, I'll definitely think about it!
Hmm.. yeah that's what I thought as well. I do have a school therapist, but I don't feel like it's serious enough for me to spend time talking to someone professional about it. My mom and I usually...
OOoh, I loove mind games. It's such a bad habit though, but I love seeing people's reactions to certain things and how they would deal with a certain situation I put them in. My sister thinks it's...
This is an interesting, yet new approach. Thanks for your input! You talk about anxiety... I'm actually a bit of an anxious person (not sure if it's actually related), but I can become extremely...
INTJs, what do you think about ENTPs? Curious!
ESTJs, what do you think about ENTPs? Just curious.
Type 3w4s ENTPs out there! What are you like? (I tested 3w4, curious if it's true)
Actually, you're right. I'm quite observant and quick when it comes to talking about people, but it immediately becomes slow when someone's trying to explain mechanisms to me or something. Definitely...
Just happened again today. INTP friend was talking about how he went around the school and saw the city lights at night, but for some reason my mind had thought he was talking about when he was...
Oh my goodness! I have a lot of respect ISTJs/ESTJs, although there was a disconnect with an ISTJ previously, because he didn't care to talk about the things I liked to talk about. . . Still admire...
LOL oh yeah I'd definitely feel a bit bad, but not bad enough to do something about it. People who feel butt hurt about things like this confuse me, because to me, I would never expect someone to...
Oh, sweet! I thought I was just a stupid and evil ENTP or something when I kept scoring Slytherin, haha because apparently ENTPs are smart thinkers, like the people in Ravenclaw.
Hahaha yeah I think I could be Ravenclaw, but I'm too damn lazy, and yes definitely too snarky to be Hufflepuff as well. For Gryffindor, I guess I'd never see myself doing something for someone else...
Hm, Inventive then?
A part of me wants to be Gryffindor just because of how elite they were in the book haha :( but I agree. There was a question that was like You're tired from a long day at work and your friend's car...
Oh thank god! Yeah, I've read somewhere that ENTPs are to be Ravenclaws because we're all thinkers, but every time I tested, I scored Slytherin. I thought I was secretly evil or something, hahaha.
Hahah! Says the flawless ENTP ^_^
I do forget where I've left my car! This happens really often, it's terrible.   Yeah, it's definitely an Ne thing.. a part of me wishes I paid attention to more detail, but that'd just push down my...
... Oops again
Thanks for the input! My thoughts:  When forgetting things, the ones that really piss me off is when I head to school and I realize I've forgotten to grab the folder with my homework in it, or...
.
to 'Cloudy' please!
Is it just me or is anyone else (ENTP) like this?  - Tripping or bumping into things - Extremely forgetful  - Slow to understand what people are trying to say sometimes (I need more clarity in...
What are the houses other ENTPs have scored? I'm not particularly a Harry Potter fan, my brain just loves categories :D
is it just me, or do you guys also need your inner peace? if something bothers me, i'll keep thinking about it, until i have it mentally/emotionally solved. i like driving around, cause it helps me...
generally, i just don't feel comfortable seeing people cry maybe because i don't cry during movies at all, but i wouldn't be turned off though, just intensely confused xD
starting something, getting bored, and not finishing what it was i started xD
i'm an aquarius, but i don't really believe horoscopes have anything to do with our personalities..
so many mixed signals from him x_x i'll play it safe and wait a bit longer..
yeah, i had a feeling that was the reason.. weird though, being his friend and all you'd think he'd try not to do things like that :S
ah.. sometimes i feel like he's pushing me away, but i don't know if that actually means anything
we're good friends, so i had him take the test once xD
if you like anime ... suou tamaki is an ENFP in ouran high school host club it's a silly show xD
frankly, i'm a dinosaur who loves cake... :)
nice to meet you! i'm new too... :D
you guys are too unreadable! xD i find that very cool.. i imagine i'm very easy to read... if i like someone i instantly become obviously interested-- unless of course i try to hide those emotions...
these are great ideas xD thank you! i'm pretty sure i go through step 1... sometimes... :) and yes, food is my biggest weakness...
around guys i like, i'll seem more interested than i usually am... i'll stare.. A LOT-- usually to observe his actions, because this is how i gather data xD (if i realize he isn't too into me, i...
yes, you have a good point there... after reading A Lengthy and Subjective Guide for Understanding a Relationship with me, an ISTJ Guy, i felt a little more confident. i understand that if i don't...
unfortunately, i can't even confess to him, so i probably can't ask him for sex xD
hmm.. i don't think this ISTJ ignores his crushes, a year back he was always complaining about how she never texts him back, and he tried to spend a little time with her -- not much at all though. he...
OMG xD this is hilarious, i even laughed out loud..! actually, i never knew that hahaha! but, he's never even had his first kiss yet... sex is out of the question!
OMG REALLY? can i play now?! :( I'M SOOOO BORED ENTERTAIN ME! OH SHOOT, I FORGOT MY/TO ____ *hyperventilation* AAAUUUUGHHHHHHH i just want to have fuuuuuuuuuun...! DUDE!!!...'"


3505: 'Drunk Parrot I don't have much right now since I'm being occupied by all the homework I have procrastinated on....I'll do it later though. :P  I've been doing some research on what I want to do in...
I'll try not to be stupid, though I can be quite oblivious sometimes. On another note, do you think the butterly effect is accurate at all? I was lightly surfing the web a while ago and would like...
Haha! You are the youngest person I've found here so far! Btw once you J Hope, you can never J Nope. :wink:
Age range- I'm pretty young I realized. 14 turning 15 in about a month.  City and country- I live in Minnesota specifically the Twin Cites.  Social life- I have a few close friends, everyone else...
Sometimes when I'm not satisfied with an ending, I dream about how I actually wanted the book to end, however since it didn't end that way I get frustrated. Haha, I also hate how romance sometimes...
....wait..I asked a question? :D By the way not related to this, but when was the last time anyone had koolaid?
Same! Haha, I thought I was crazy for having complex characters that live their lives inside my head. When I'm bored, I think of something interesting, and how my characters would react to that...
Well said, I agree with you 100%.  No, I find them really intreasting if it is written well, and actually makes sense in that world. Ex. no major plot holes with the magic, and over powered...
I have this problem where I space out when someone is boring, or I have something more intreasting to think of. I'm also pretty clumsy, impulsive, and am bad at listening to rules (this is also when...
I completely agree with you! It may be useful to those who don't know what they want to major in, but for those who have at least a grasp of what they want to do should be allowed to mold a schedule...
Yeah, it's really hard since INTP and ENTP also have the same cognitive functions. I realized I'm most likely an introverted ENTP.   Art is the best, I also like writing, and music! ( I can't sing,...
Oh, no you didn't sound pretentious at all!   We have writing electives, but my schedule is too full to get them because of all the dumb required classes. I might be able to finish up all my...
Yeah, we just have to accept it I suppose.  I like art, writing, and business classes the most but there are rarely any business classes. I have a lot of science and math classes next year though....
Yeah, I can see how it would be hard to type an INTP since they are often confused with INTJs, ISTPs and sometimes even INFPs, and ENTPs. Thanks for the reply! :)
Yeah I get what you mean by not being understood even though you have friends. I have a few friends that I would say are fairly close, it's just that they don't get me as much as I seem to get them....
I totally understand about the character inspiration posts! It's extremely helpful when trying to develop a character, and helps you create a large variety of unique personalities.  My teacher has...
Thanks, I really do Hope that your anxiety gets better. :)  Along with quotes, I save a lot of memes, and random weird things I find on the Internet.   ......I'm doing the Romeo and Juilet unit...
Anxiety, that's a tough one. I'm not sure if this tip will work but whenever I get anxious about life, I think about the simple things. For example, if I'm near a window I look up at the sky and tell...
Life goes by so fast, you often forget to live your life to the fullest and enjoy the little moments. I for one have a bad habit focusing on the future that I sometimes get too carried away in my...
I wonder if time would feel faster or slower since we would be alive for so long. It would be so cool to see all the technological advancements that we would have!
Yeah, I can sometimes be a tad bit immature. :) A 4 year difference is nothing compared to the average life span of the arctica islandica. XD
I'm 14 but almost 15. Haha, I think I seem older than I am though. How old are you?
Haha, at least we are always occupied with something.
Haha, thanks. I guess it's an NT thing, we are pretty curious.
That's a good way to think about it, those who experience it must be quite susceptible to the feelings of those around them, therefore they might find it easy to empathize with others. Oh, and I...
I should reword it to right because there is always a what if. XD
Fine, you right, I give up. There's always a what if haha.
Haha, I knew it! Thank you doctor. :proud:
I would describe secondhand embarrassment as embarrassment you feel for someone else's actions, or words that should not affect you in anyway to cause said embarrassment. (I don't know how else to...
Yeah, I can see why her music doesn't fit everyone taste. I have a question that is pretty random, but I was thinking about it earlier today. Do you you think that the brain can differentiate real...
I had a feeling you would say indie music, it suits you. :) I've been really into Halsey lately, she has this uniqueness to her, and her songs that I'm having a hard trying to figuring out. If you'd...
Haha thank you, I'll make sure to bring along all of my cartoon conspiracy theories!   Oh my, dancing pencils? I need to step up my game! XD
I listen to basically everything. For example, pop, punk, hip hop, jazz, instrumental, kpop.....you get the point. Haha, but I really enjoy songs that have meaning behind them, it just makes you...
Couldn't have said it better. I guess it fits with my enneagram which I just took. I got this. It's not a real test though and was pretty short. I should probably take a real or more accurate one...
Yeah, I'm just going to stick with ENTP since when I go to their forums I relate more than the INTP forums. I think I'm a bit too hasty to be an INTP since my Ne probably comes before my Ti. I might...
This should be some sort of quiz show, type Irma haha On the ENTP forum I was told that I'm an ENTP, and then on the INTP forum I was told that I was an underdeveloped INTP...and possibly an...
I think anything on tumblr is intreasting, haha.  About the ENFP thing, I can see why I might seem like one, but I think it's because I'm more bubbly right now. I honestly don't think I'm an ENFP...
I have an ENFP friend and though we have a lot in common, she is more driven on her values and beliefs, while I'm driven by logic, and reasoning. I think I'm more of a thinker than a feeler. ( I...
I'll take that advice to consideration, however wouldn't it be better to use said flash drive to save all of my unfinished projects? xD
I'm actually 14, I'm only shy if I don't know the person, if I do know them then I'm not shy.
Yes! This conversation is really intreasting! I went from hogwarts houses, to zodiacs, to MBTI, too! My zodiac sign is a Gemini, with a Capricorn moon, and Virgo rising. I don't find zodiacs signs to...
Challenge accepted, I don't play fair though. ;)
How does one not like Harry Potter? I mean it's one of the fundamentals for an amazing childhood. I used to spend my time sorting people I knew to hogwarts houses, it was a fun pass time. Out of all...
I hope to one day see your work in a library! The fact that you said that you write contemporary fantasy made me want to give you a virtual fist bump, it is by far one of my favorite genres.
That's what I thought, INTP doesn't fit me as much as ENTP does. I took a cognitive function test 3 hours ago because it was recommended and I got ENTP, however I was boarderline INTP. Maybe that's...
Hello! :)   Thank you for the interesting facts, they were in fact interesting.   I wouldn't say I'm a social butterfly, but I can tolerate small talk, it's just that it's....awkward just talking...
The amount of sheer talent and dedication on there is amazing! It makes me more motivated to try harder and improve. I'll make one and send you the link once I have art up. ;)
It's really is additcting, hours can pass by without even realizing it.   You can never go wrong with Netflix and food. ( now that I think about it I'm hungry) I hope your book editing goes well!...
Ideas..haha my logic comes in quite a bit later....
I was thinking about my childhood earlier, and realized that I was much more extroverted back then. When I was in the 5th grade and below, I enjoyed talking, (my teachers complained that I talked to...'"


3530: Orthodox Iconoclast Yummy Donuts do you guys have sources for these numbers? I'd like to take a look myself   Sent from my SCH-I545 using Tapatalk
I called myself an introvert until I was about twenty if that says anything.   I'm usually quiet when I don't feel comfortable or don't relate to others, but I'm definitely loud around people I'm...
Seefow your examination of a typical type me thread was so spot on and funny. I just wanted to thank you for your phrasing.   Sent from my VS990 using Tapatalk
Your post sounds like you're throwing up random bits you've read on shitty typology websites.  There really isn't enough in your post to truly analyze your cognitive functions, but you gave me an Se...
Ya I feel like this too.  I definitely weigh Ti more than Fe, but I consider Fe in situations more than what's stereotypical. Especially when I'm stressed my Fe comes out a lot more.  When I have no...
Pretty much agreed with your standpoint on politics. I am OBSESSED with House of Cards - definitely in my top 5 favorite shows, I would even feel confident saying in my top 3.  I like the process...
You should make a summary of everything you know for us noobs to use as a reference.  I usually agree with what you say about cognitive functions anyway :)  hit and miss with enneagram though  ...
reptilian should I unlearn everything I said above? Do you know anything about the theory if you unlearned it all? Did you relearn it differently after unlearning it?   I have just reached the end...
Why the deaf kid got to sit in the best spot in class even though was always he was late for class.    Sent from my VS990 using Tapatalk
Nope. I think of twenty different scenarios all at once and I don't care if I come to the right one or not. My motto is I'll figure it out when I get there.  I don't think I am that good at...
You're right I didn't explain myself very well. I should have used the word causation instead of correlation. Just because someone initiates a certain behavior doesn't automatically mean they are...
Ok I didn't read most of this thread because most of it is not making any rational sense anyway.   Just want to throw in my two cents: yes they can,  and I thought 7w6 is supposed to be common for...
Dead on haha
Temizzle ya this breed can exist, I'm one of them.  I get things done like a J but I definitely use NeTi. I half relate to people on the entp forum so don't hangout here as much.  Mostly creep...
ESTP off of the few I just watched. She doesn't reach far enough with her ideas to be Ne,  all her humor is centered around her main idea.   Sent from my VS990 using Tapatalk
This is really good.  I 100% agree - the enneagram looks like shit if you look at it to how someone should behave.  It took me about a year of randomly going over to the enneagram subforum when I got...
Definitely worth it! I found it hard to  get in to at first,  it's not as logical to follow as cognitive functions. But it's a great tool that I apply more irl that mbti actually.   I agree with...
Razorsharp but in all seriousness what are you confused about? The enneagram stuff?   Sent from my VS990 using Tapatalk
<3 I love you too!   Sent from my VS990 using Tapatalk
Incorrect,  that's how 7w8s answer.  7w6s look into what the person is really trying to ask and find the answer they are looking for (if they have it). Its not saying what the other person wants to...
I've thought about how sensitive I am compared to others before.  I decided it had to do with if I could logic something out. I took this humanities class that ended up being talking about...
I think they're Katy Perry's, I can't remember :|   Sent from my VS990 using Tapatalk
These have glitter  https://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170202/993d135979c726cef8f6361eb196032f.gif  Sent from my VS990 using Tapatalk
Well....  I  guess I'm done here then lol thanks   Sent from my VS990 using Tapatalk
I just read your other type me thread and I agree,  you did sound more Te-ish over there. Are you fitting yourself into a box in one of these threads? If so which one? Is one more real than the...
Ok I'm still on my phone so I can't be as detailed as I know you need to understand my view. I'll try to go on later and I can insert comments into your post if you'd like.   So I was stuck between...
Hey I didn't forget but I'm working twelve hour days right now :|  I'm gonna look at it tomorrow on my day off!   But my Ti thought was based on vibe of how you wrote. Te usually sounds more...
It only bothers me if I see it.  My state is pretty well off so there isn't much directly visible as I go about my day to day life.   I live by a grocery store and I have to drive the street behind...
I was thinking dom Ti but I didn't finish reading the post.  Tired X( sorry!   If I forget to come back you can mention me haha  Sent from my VS990 using Tapatalk
Woah definitely a lot of Ne going on there! I think you are confusing Ni with what seems to be Fi.   I sensed ENFP off of your post. Ne > Fi    There's two ways to look at mbti. There dichotomy...
Simpson17866 ya actually when I try to talk about it with people I start with just dichotomy because if I go with cognitive functions most people look at me like I'm crazy.  So yes it has its...
Simpson17866,  thanks for the clarification! I'm entp for cognitive functions but I'd type enfj for the other. I don't think dichotomy typing holds as much value though -  seems more horoscopic to me...
What's the difference between myers briggs vs cognitive functions types? I think personality cafe talks about the cognitive functions types as a default.   Sent from my VS990 using Tapatalk
ENTP - but this part I match.   So I  contribute having a strong 6 wing (7w6) and being sp instinct for for this (for me anyway). I'm quiet with those I don't know merely because I'm being cautious...
I'm thinking INTP or INTJ but I'm having a hard time telling if you're  using Ni or Ti,  sometimes it's hard for me to distinguish those two.  I think focusing on that would be helpful....  If...
xLeonhart did you ever get into tri-type?   Sent from my VS990 using Tapatalk
What is flowing in your environment?   Have you looked into your enneagram? I sense 4w5, 8w7? I still don't see INFJ even though everyone else seems too.      Sent from my VS990 using Tapatalk
You write like my INTP 1w9 brother (he's double checking but he's leaning more INTP than ISTP) He doesn't do the 5 paragraph answer but you can tell there way more thought behind what he's actually...
This is just a hunch because there's not much to go on,  but this reads more INTJ than INFJ to me.   My dad is an INTJ 6w7 and when he's in a good mood he gets goofy in a way one might describe as...
xLeonhart  Describe what experiencing Ni means to you so we can get more of a picture. Describe whatever else you want too,  I need more to go on personality!  Also I think self study > the...
ISFP.  I didn't think you sounded J at all except when you talked about being organized. Tons of Fi flying around.   @drunkparrot how did you get 1w9? I was thinking 4w3 but idk enough about type 4...
Biologically I'm programmed to be a morning person.  But sometimes  I  test out what it feels like to be a night person. I only make it up until about 1am and then I feel shitty the next day..  ...
I learned something new haha  Sent from my VS990 using Tapatalk
I got a strong INTP vibe as well  Sent from my VS990 using Tapatalk
You could edit your first post and add a statement saying you've identified with INFJ etc.  I think right under the title  so its the first thing people saw would save them the trouble! Glad you...
aurorarogersskywalker something that helped me at the beginning was just hanging around the ENTP forum and seeing if I fit in. I'd go over to the INFJ/INFP forum and hangout for a while and you'll...
Pessimistic people really bring me down. I can take them in small doses but eventually I need to get away because being around them is such a drain it makes me depressed!  If these people are truly...
I felt INFJ through your OP.  Skimmed the rest of the thread. I'm leaning pretty strong saying your an  intuitive.  I didn't see a lot of dom Fi traits,  although you could argue that some specific...
Yes it helped thanks!   I do exactly what you explained in the skyrim example lol.  I literally wandered around and did whatever thing grabbed my attention at the time (which involved a lot of...
You're post really made me think! My mind is stuck on this part though, if you wouldn't mind helping.   I read it through and related to finding the meaning in the situation. What I can't figure..."


3539: 'De gustibus non est disputandum    I can see why you would prefer that. I also prefer this on some days as I already indicated in my first post.    And you go to a nightclub to dance? If your...
Which is exactly my problem! Saying you misunderstood and then not clarifying is kinda confusing and doesn't really help me understand in any way. So yes. I would like a clarification please.
Thanks for the clarification.
Yeah I love nightclubs. What was said up above (people looking for fights and it being too dangerous to go out alone) does not apply to my city. At all. I live in a student town with the lowest...
Hi y'all  http://i.imgur.com/Rfhd22d.png
One more just for fun   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMd4XY8XSyM
Oh and also pretty much anything by Vice (although you gotta take their journalistic integrity with a grain of salt)  VICE News - YouTube VICE - YouTube VICE | United States | The Definitive...
Guns, Germs, and Steel - Watch Free Documentary Online
http://8tracks.com/ingodemertens/you-too-could-be-down-with-hip-hop Have fun
I got a book on it sitting on my shelves (Click) and am definitely planning to do it sometime in the future.  Meanwhile here is some brainfood:  https://www.erowid.org/chemicals/dmt/dmt.shtml ...
I just yesterday figured out a friend from uni is ENTP. I have known him for 'bout a year but was at his place for the first time yesterday and pretty much instantly made the click when I walked in....
I definitely am a bit introverted. Although I love being around people, can talk the ears off your head if we're talking about something I'm passionate about and am never nervous or anything about...
Would being a comedian involve being the centre of attention? Because I have noticed that most ENTPs on this forum seem to share the trait that they are jokers or pranksters that like to be the...
1. What's your personality type? ENTP  2. how do you think about tattoos? I've seen cool ones, I've seen ugly ones, I've seen funny ones, I've seen crazy ones, I've seen weird ones. Some tattoos...
I grew up in a irreligious family with both my parents being very apathetic towards religion. My older brother is quite the atheist and I used to be aswell. Now I would describe myself as an...
I used to have a small notebook with me all the time and write down all the thoughts that pop into my head that I didn't want to forget about. I stopped doing so after a week of 3 though. I probably...
The Usual Suspects.
I used to be a promotor/salesperson. Approaching people on the street and trying to charm them into getting a subscription to a newspaper. I could tell quite easily with which people I could mess...
I was debating suicide bombing in the Debate forum and someone said are you sure you are ENTP? or something along those lines. I'm quite new to the MBTI business so I thought I'd make sure.
Selfies for the win.
0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
This is pretty much exactly what I told my roommate (who also is the person who introduced me to GTAV in the first place). The commercials on the radio are both hillarious and thought-provoking at...
International Relations, political philosophy and political science.
I only cheer when there's an incredible goal/play, and in these cases it isn't a cheer of joy but rather a cheer out of unbelief. More of a WOW! than a YES!.  Last time this happened was about...
Don't be such a pessimist :tongue:
Hi. I'm new here. 91226
Vanilla ice cream = standard ice cream. Vanilla sex = standard sex i.e. plain, regular sex without any twists or fetishes or unconventional positions or whatever.
Sounds like me.
Go backpacking and reside in hostels. You will meet a lot of interesting and awesome people!
You are a Type 7 with an 8 wing: The Realist  7w8, 3w2, 8w7
Pessimism is boring because it's the easy way out. It's a win-win situation - either you are right or it is not as bad as you thought it was.
Would you guys say vanity is typical for ENTPs?
Hey guys, I'm new here! I'm a 20yo university student from the Netherlands. I'm kinda new to this whole personality theory ordeal, but so far I am intruiged! I have taken a Myers-Briggs test twice...
I often don't do things I promised I'd do because I lose interest in them. I brag a lot and can be quite arrogant.
I love being able to debate and discuss any subject. I also love being charismatic and having social skills.
ENTP - I'm not really that much of a troll/joker and I can be serious.'"


3562: 'This is an incredible thread. I'm tempted to burn down my house so that I recycle this joke on twitter.
I generally spend hours debating big decisions before making them bc I'm scared of making split second decisions that will have long term consequences. Generally though I just kind of swagyolo into...
I'm amazed this thread got revived. I ended up dating an INFJ 5w4 instead of the ENTP 3w4, broke up with the INFJ after 2.5 months and tried to check in with the ENTP. The ENTP then hated me and...
Hey folks, this thread makes me feel famous.
3-7-8 who do we appreciate
bc ur dumb.  He meant that your username is ENTrePeneur, and yet you're always late on high-profit investments. That's not entirely logically sound though, because, by definition, the...
I haven't really had any problems with ENTJs, I think they're chill.
Hey guys come check out my clean room
1) The first thing that comes in your mind (HONESTLY) Firm butts. 2) The first person that comes in your mind Gaby, she just rode home on my lap, hence the butts. 3) What do you actually like...
Used to be until 9th grade when my 3w4 kicked in, I left my old prep school, changed all my clothing and spent a summer learning the mannerisms and speech patterns of people I thought were cool that...
Shoot it it with an grenade launcher.  Not only do I despise the effect of organized religion on society, I tend to view religion, spirirtuality, etc as a crutch for the weak minded.
Response bias
Breaking down into bullet points bc I'm tired.  Originally found her interesting, somewhat of a mystery to be explored.  Expectations did not meet reality. Was not as mentally interesting and...
What qualities are important to you are irrelevant to gathering any information about a trend among ENTPs preferences. The fact that you're not an ENTP aside, surveying (however improperly) gender...
Just broke up with one on Friday. Great girl, sweet and extremely devoted etc., but she got boring. Still, it's the longest relationship I've had, I think. That's something.
8 Intelligence 6 Class and Style 4 Dark Hair 3 Fingernails in the shape of flames  2 Fashion Sense 3 Chairlass Style   These are pointless statistics 1 Male
What I dream of in a woman.  Chairlass Style, Haute Couture FW13
3 intelligence 1 Class and Style
Birth order = BS   Only child.
Inaccurate. I don't care about attention as much as I do long-term reputation. If no one cares about me during most of my life, I'd be content with knowing that I get a page in a history book and a...
Find the underlying source of your frustration and fix it. I don't experience built-up frustration, so I'm not sure how exactly to help you.
...wHEN MEN WERE KIND, WHEN THEIR VOICES WERE SOFT AND THEIR WORDS INVITINGgg
Yes, but I'm also a 3w4.
Tony Stonem sans sociopathy and brain trauma.
From Adelaide originally, no clue where I live now.
same
I'm not quite yet sure whether INFJs are the best match for ENTPs, don't deprive me of my learning you heartless b
I tend to find ISFJs boring and bothersome. You could probably find them by volunteering at an animal shelter or something idk.
Dating an INFJ and most of my friends are female NFs, so emotional awareness is a bit of a learned trait. Not sure if it's a natural one though, most of my on-screen idols are borderline sociopaths.
I'm a guy, and I'm closer with more girls than guys.
Dinozzo
sw4ggy
Off the top of my head,   Neil Caffrey (White Collar) Jack Sparrow (Disney Pirate shit) Eleventh Doctor (Doctor Who) that one guy (Thank You For Smoking)
Trippy mang.  I just sort of lightly skim over whatever I'm reading, and remember it.
Last year I skipped the panicking and just didn't study. Still got a 5/5 on the AP exam :*) , except I got an 84 in the course. :/
Do you think an INFJ in this situation would prefer me to carry on conversations, or to not press it and enjoy the silence or whatever?
I've gotten her to have conversations with me, but it takes some effort and prompting. She was pretty comfortable and talking constantly once I got her talking about herself. She still won't talk...
You're me in the quasi-past-future. I signed up for 6 APs this year because I thought I could. Not sure if I'll make it through.
Progress update. The INFJ just left my house about 30 minutes ago (12:30 at night for me). She spent 4 hours at my house while my parents were away (I'm 16, she's 17, to put this in context),...
Right. I'm a 16 year old ENTP, 99th percentile PSAT, SAT, but only 81st percentile for GPA (which is still good, I have an unweighted 3.456 and mostly AP classes). I don't study, I don't do my...
Ookay. Dating the INFJ as of last night. Anyone here have any advice on the ENTP/INFJ pairing?
Athletic but not bulky, 6'1, still need to get back into shape though, soccer season is nearly here.
INFJ knows it's between her and the ENTP, thanks to the mutual friend. She knows that she's deeper in than I am.
Can't, they have a bitchy mutual friend.
ENTP be all like we so simerlar. INFJ be all like I never felt this connection b4.  Advise?
I'm cryin bc hard choice.
Stoya
73 136 191 179   182 154 190 105
intelligentsia
You can't replace me you bastards.'"


3591: 'I thought Vidya was Sanskrit.
It seems to me like if you really feel like you can't tell any difference between events A and B, you're looking at it at the wrong level. Raise your level of abstraction above (or... beneath,...
@Peter How do you see it evolve though, if it wasn't by power hungry liars? If it has since been used in that manner, people following charismatic leaders and the leaders abusing their power as they...
I think you're cutting corners with your explanation. Some of it is probably correct, like that bigger groups require something that keeps them internally stable, they need to be working under some...
I see you don't understand what I'm saying at all. Maybe my writing is unclear. I'm not saying I think the people who created religions and came up with the concept of god (I know they didn't pop up...
Also by getting rid of i meant in the context of constructing ones worldview, and consequently when deciding what to teach children as truths at school... Because entertaining both views, the...
I know all that. Even if there weren'tstrictly religious wars, there are impressive individuals who have taken religious stuff extremely seriously. Just ignoring all that is beyond arrogant imo. What...
Yeah I have a few times, but I've rarely heard hell mentioned. The state church is pretty tempered however. But I can think of many reasons why someone speaking to a congregation would want to...
It's not contradictory, it's the same exact thing. If it's easy to point out imbalance and incoherency and inaccuracy in almost any argument, then (if you have any sense) you're highly aware of the...
Feelings are how our bodies keep us alive and feelings are how our minds manage to decide things. Uhm, or... Are we talking about emotions or feelings? The uncomfortable feeling that comes when you...
You're royal smugness is mistaken, I'm not religious people.    I was thinking by evidence you must've meant empirical evidence, and I meant to imply that there are other ways to prove things...
That's a very strange statement, you might want to think about that some more for your own sake, but I can see this is not going anywhere so thanks for this thought provoking convo and I'll drop this...
Right off the bat i would discard the presumption that he doesn't like you.
Ok. I can see how self-consciousness and sense of time passing would go together. But I wouldn't think a creator god and afterlife is the core of religious belief for humans. It's part of it but I...
Why do you think belief requires  self-consciousness? I think to believe is to accept something as true, right? So, could we not say that everything we think or know to be true, we are actually...
In what sense would it be belief in something that is not real? I think AI would need to have a sense of self for it to begin to have a god, but if it did have a sense of self, then sure.
It's true that a concept means an abstract idea, a mental construct. But how is it that we think them up and how is the mental concept different from the thing that is conceptualized, if the thing...
I don't know if people produce concepts. There's something and we get what that something is, how it is connected to other things and what it's doing, and we manage to give it a name. But it doesn't...
I was hesitant before to use the words ego invested, but I did anyway and am now reminded of the Jungian interpretation of the hierarchy of functions. Ego, the center of our consciousness,...
They may still have a point even though it's poorly developed and delivered, so usually I don't walk away if I'm interested in the topic. I just fight the battle on their behalf against other...
Hi!  I was actually thinking more in terms of... some people get offended or at least visibly upset if their ideas are challenged. I was wondering if it is because they perhaps identify with the...
I have a question about Ti and objectivity. Or how you relate to and perhaps identify with Ti.   I tend to get slightly obsessed with understanding things, systems mostly, but no matter how much...
:laughing:  INTJ_female unless you know more about her, there's nothing you can do other than wait and not presume the worst. Maybe her mobile is broken. If you know her (name and) hotel you could...
Nah I did that from my photo with AI DeepArt. I have a strange relationship with art, I am drawn to visuals but usually take it only at, uhm, face-value, you know like it's colour and shapes, is it...
Just all of them :). I like visual puzzles.
Can't find one now but i always thought the ones with slightly more complicated symbolic calculations were tricky. There was one were in each frame there was a horizontal line with some number of...
All I'm saying is expectations of the level of difficulty limit my thinking because of my personal bias to expect difficult things to be of certain kind. It's my problem. I still don't think that was...
Is that it, just think of two objects and then come up with a new pair, and a new pair, and a new pair? No, wait, what's the rest of the mental imagery you're talking about?  And do they have to...
Me sleeping was coincidental, but I think I woke up in the middle of the night because the unsolved puzzle was bothering me and I had to return to stare at it.   I just mean the way to solve it is...
To be honest I was asleep for at least three of the said five hours.   I think the only thing difficult about that puzzle is overthinking it. So... it might be easier to do if it wasn't introduced...
No, I mean hours.  That'd be an interesting kind of intelligence though. Can solve that in 5 minutes but gets confused with hours and minutes :).
Took me 5 hours.
Eat more horses, people! Feed them to your dogs, cats, ferrets, kids, anything that eats meat, too.  Muslims should eat more horses.
My cheetah wearing pug post was the last one i saw before the Great Meltdown.  I highly suspect it was a terrorist attack. I mean PerC fail, 4th of July, how else can it be.
I thought it was my ingeniouty... ingeniouity... ingenuity (?) that made PerC work on my mobile, but apparently not. Bummer.
LittleDreamer I got a notification that you've mentioned me, but I can't see your post. I probably won't see this post either. Oh PerC why :(...
http://media1.s-nbcnews.com/i/newscms/2016_36/1156726/dog-cheetah-today-160908-tease_b95774caf4ca1eecfc4df641d8feddd0.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/75/Alexander_the_great_temnos_tetradrachm.jpg  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlemagne#/media/File:Charlemagne_denier_Mayence_812_814.jpg ...
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/75/Alexander_the_great_temnos_tetradrachm.jpg  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlemagne#/media/File:Charlemagne_denier_Mayence_812_814.jpg ...
https://images.earthtouchnews.com/media/1740/2013-12-05-the-hunger-games-cheetah-jackal-brown-hyena-15.jpg  This is the only thread that allows me to post today. ...
https://media.giphy.com/media/BzRngjA7Nd2fe/giphy.gif
http://i.imgur.com/Shn16ik.gif
This feels like falling into a wormhole. Not sure if time is standing still or moving backwards.
PerC, what a surprise! This thread came through! Oh joy!
:(
Can I please get back to ->      Jamaia
I can't post things because of database error since about... 7 hours ago? But one of my posts that supposedly didn't get through and doesn't show in the thread or in my latest posts, just got...
I can't post things because of database error since about... 7 hours ago? But one of my posts that supposedly didn't get through and doesn't show in the thread or in my latest posts, just got...
With the visual shape things I have to move them around mentally, switch between the frames and test what lines have moved and how, and be pretty active, it doesn't often just come to me. And yes...
Have you read of aphantasia? Maybe you have that?'"


3592: 'Would you say you are a smooth conversationalist? Since i've noticed with ISFJs that they can keep it very appropriate for the context and say the ''right things at the right time'' despite having...
which is a good represantation of capitalism and it's competitive market. Wiz Khalifa could be an anarcho-capitalist without knowing is my point
Funny thing about Wiz Khalifa: He advocates spending cash, smoking weed and making it for yourself(like an Anarcho-capitalist) And the anarcho-capitalist flag is black and yellow. And black and...
I have problems of associating him with INTP because he sings about wine and champagne and mary j repeatadly in tons of songs... Although... I've seen real life INTPs talk and they talk about how...
I have problems of associating him with INTP because he sings about wine and champagne and mary j repeatadly in tons of songs... Although... I've seen real life INTPs talk and they talk about how...
thanks mate, that includes me too, which is why i started a topic about me XD It confirms your hypothesis
Oh damnit i want to experiment with different tactics, it could be fun. It would just confuse/alienate people more but that just makes it more fun.
I know, it comes of as weird because the interpersonal thing is not established so people get scared or people are unsure of who you are, they might not know you are joking or they don't know how...
Maybe you're too nice. Too polite. Too respectful. You become the ''nice guy''
i probably come off as an introvert
entp, but socially i would probably be typed as intp by others, my weakness is structure when talking, it comes out clumsily presented
Oh it's maybe that the conversation is so short, maybe i'm bad at keeping the conversation and the other is trying to escape because they fear it's gonna go bad, i'm not sure.
Nobody wants to play with me! Hanging out with people is new to me and I wonder how you attract people, just general people to interact with. With me it's that they talk to me for a bit and then they...
I'm saying it comes more natural to Te users. Also Te is about facts and Ti is indirectly about facts, or facts are of secondary interest but still important, ISFJs might pull facts from their ass...
Actually Ti users can fail to say what they want to say, what i mean is it's structured in their head but when they speak it doesn't, with Te users it's the opposite, at least when Te is dom or aux
He said he was the outgoing one when he was in a coding job and did the phone calls the others didn't want to do Why he's Ti: When people talks he disagrees with their word use. He nitpicks others...
Hohai beats - INTP Spend it - 2 chains - ESTP Primadonna girl - ESFP
Milo. You need to pay celebritytypes them to see him
He's on the ENTP page on celebritytypes. In the members area.
Celebtypes got him pinned on ENFP[/QUOTE]  He's on the ENTP page on celebritytypes. In the members area.
I think Ben Carson is an INFJ.  Look at how he always brings up the big picture when speaking and not focusing on small details.
Open in incognito mode to take again if you're using chrome. (sorry for breaking the rules and spreading how to break it(i don't support limitations like this on the internet and want it to be free))...
Gender: undetermined Age: 26-36 Intelligence: superior Idea adoption: conservative MBTI personality profile: ESFJ Closest alternative we found: ESFP  It's because i write clutterish maybe, and...
When you are explaining something do people just dismiss you. When arguing that is expected but when explaining stuff do people just say no and assume you are wrong? It annoys me that i am always...
I wish my travel friends were like you! I Guess I'll interview some EXXPs
what field are you in? Is it security guarding? Or filmmaking? Or ICe cream taster?
I'm gonna work in Athens Greece in some months. Right now I'm in chill mode :ninja:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-K9HyyttAvs  Nobody has heard this!
I piss people off because they are serious and i'm not They (seem) to go in defense mode and thinks i'm attacking them when i'm not attacking them  Maybe you open up to quickly? I do
Do you also like warm summer nights on rooftops with doritos, weed and Simon and Garfunkel?
I think I get you. I can get discouraged when other ENTPs are really good at debating, I feel kind of bad at it when I'm supposed to be good at it. This guy Milo Yiannopolis or something is good and...
EXXPs are usually the ones who goes to check out hidden rooms in the hotel instead of sitting on the phone in the lobby
Ice cream and cartoons
When I was in school I always walked around in middle of class because I had to move. It was so repetitive and nobody did anything about it, not even me. Also I make stuff like swings because it's...
The ''guys on Tumblr'' anthem
I hear this whenever I say I want a job where I don't have to do boring stuff like logistics, accounting and Advertising. Do you have to do boring stuff and not try to avoid it? (philosophically)
I think Chris Pratt is ENFP. He describes he has a sort of tunnel vision which is kind of an Se thing but I think he meant it in a way that he is not aware of his surroundings like an Ne dom  Chris...
Have you tried New york?  They have summer and winter so it's different every half year or something and it's big so a lot to explore, maybe paris? Find a city with a lot of spice, some people like...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgNvzc-ZdME Wooo it's too awesome
Give me some ways on how to reach out to people! Here are some examples: Get of the internet Take initiative Be yourself
infp - garfunkel isfp - simon
I'm curious if you guys think you're attractive :crazy:
Learn to make up stories or make normal stuff seem interesting. '' What do you do?'' ''I talk to people from all over the world and it's really exiting. yesterday i had a conversation with a guy...
That's where ''love makes you blind'' comes from, where you only see the positive and not the negative. Generally I see people (including me) don't care about the negatives of an issue when they're...
I'm not actually an INFP!
Playstation 3: Angry birds Gta 5 Sly cooper trilogy  Ps2: Tony hawk 3, 4, underground, underground 2
That I think is a kind of counterphobic attitude. I can relate: Sometimes I go through the shortcut through a dark forrest and a graveyard at night despite my fear of the dark and the goal is to...
A dog seems really happy and it's too stupid to know how miserable it is, so intelligence might be the problem :bored:
483322  My grandmother
I ''like'' everything that I personally like and fucks the opinions of others in my head :crazy: The thought that people might think it's weird or something occurs, but I send friend requests to...'"


3597: 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yFhR1fKWG0
SJs need reassurance that their laws and traditions matter to you SPs need reassurance that they're not always competing for a Darwin award NFs need reassurance that their poetry and feelings will...
Televangelists would have to get real jobs if it weren't for ESFJs. There would be no one to hashtag and retweet the wisdom of modern day Aristotle, Jaden Smith.
I'm dark and sensitive with low self esteem The way I dress makes everyday feel like Halloween I have no real problems but I like to make believe I stole my sisters mascara now I'm grounded for a...
Do you attend My Little Pony and Magic the Gathering conventions like all of the other autistic ENTP neckbeards?
You are a Visionary              Visionaries are all about  creating their own artistic empires. They crave independent and  unstructured spaces where they can be creative. They value aesthetics ...
They write a poem about their crush and post it to Tumblr.  Sent from my computer using the keyboard
Want to switch places? You can have all of the chatty extroverts that are constantly over my shoulder asking Whaddaya doing?, restricting me from browsing the internet in peace.
He's an ENFJ because he's always right, knows everything and can heal your soul with his words of wisdom. Just hearing him speak means that it will be a changing day in your life. Everyone has got...
ESFJ 1w2 So/Sp  Goodnight Sweet Prince.   http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/250x250/38567184.jpg
Real life? Outside? Is that a dedicated server? - INTP
It's not a good idea to be debating. ISFJs should stick to interior decorating.
INTJs are so dark and edgy. So cerebral, oh my god. Turn up the Nine Inch Nails and unleash your perpetual angst. So what if you made Linkin Park anime music videos on Youtube as a kid, that was the...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DueSvcjn810
You know you're an INTP when you're indifferent to a close relative's unexpected death, but are devastated when you're placed in a bad sport lobby on GTA Online. True story.
Death to Instagram and Tumblr! High-saturated social artsy crap is nauseating.
Money laundering is unethical  Reasons why no country should be a tax haven  Occupy Wall Street!
Wireless internet may have very well destroyed our chances of contacting intelligent life. - The Best Page In The Universe
Classify this insightful Youtuber.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdcLpucz5HE
Friends? I forget how I made them. Probably through common interests by geographical location. The ones I used to have probably think I've either moved or passed away by now. The only proof of my...
Holiday or Birthday cards without any money in them.
Prisoners. I felt like a prisoner for 2 hours.
I want a futuristic car that isn't environmentally friendly. It has to have a military grade armor exterior and bulletproof windows and tires. I wouldn't mind if it had over 1000 horsepower. The...
Everyone in This Is The End except for the token black guy and the Backstreet Boys. In fact, that movie was probably made with all of the celebrities we generally can't stand in mind.
What are the personality types of the characters in this game? I'll start off with the three main characters.  Michael - ENTJ Franklin - ISTP Trevor - ESTP
If we all hold hands, we can change the world together.   I'm going to make stupid facial expressions and gestures, then upload my pics to Instagram because all of the cool kids are doing it. ...
What Is Evil?
Sounds like grungy trailer park music to me.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOzaekfy3Hs
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/61kyqpkCnEL.jpg http://asianflixs.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/hana-bi.jpg http://www.filmihulluleffakauppa.com/img/p/6703-7112-thickbox.jpg
Happiness doesn't require introspection. Some of the happiest people happen to be the least aware. That's why a lot of pet dogs appear to be happy. They've never really thought about meaning or when...
I like the night time. Foggy or rainy days are also good. I hate the sun because it reminds me of sepia tone.
Feeling pretty ghetto at the moment. Inner city black youths sure know how to dance.   http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view2/1164343/if-you-blood-throw-it-up-o.gif
Buying domain names that could potentially be popular in the future. I'm looking at a website right now that is basically just one letter off from one of the most traffic-heavy websites on the...
http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/clumsy.gif
We're the Millers. The kid in it looked like Matt Damon mixed with Porky Pig.   http://content.internetvideoarchive.com/content/photos/8355/411648_048.jpg
Inferior Fe: Should I hug the crying woman? It would smooth out this social situation and make me look empathetic.  Dominant Ti: That could be regarded as sexual harassment. Let her cry in the...
http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8316/7964921170_bdebc66be7_z.jpg
You could be an INTJ. I can see an INTJ acting like a perceiver if they see the pointless futility of vacuum cleaning and mowing the lawn.
I'm a thinker so I don't believe in good or evil. I don't believe in grace or sin either. Both are man-made concepts for human beings to follow in order to maintain group cohesiveness and harmony....
I don't like cookies, I've desensitized myself to them. Maybe it's because the cookies in Canada taste like dry cardboard.
ENTJ, just because you allowed that factory in Bangladesh to have air conditioning doesn't mean it's no longer a sweatshop.
ENTJ - The Godfather, Wall Street, Anything with people dressed in tailored suits who seek for prestige and power. INTJ - 2001: A Space Odyssey, A Clockwork Orange, 12 monkeys, Se7en. Anything dark...
Everyone is trying to present themselves as modest and open-minded by saying There are selfish people in all types. There may be truth to that statement, but platitudes like that can be annoying...
I would stand over the ruins of our desolate planet and celebrate the end of history. Thousands of years of human procrastination and aimless wandering is suddenly all gone in a blink of an eye. To...
The Joker, Tyler Durden, Charles Manson, Marilyn Manson, Lady Gaga, Ladyboys, Nuclear War, Bath Salts, Mental Asylums, Hoarding, Al-Qaeda, The Third World, Cupboards that aren't child-proof,...
250mph in my Bugatti Veyron during winter time in the Himalayas, all whilst giving life-affirming advice to Tibetan monks through my bluetooth headset.
Could it be your shadow ESFJ making you do these things? Just talking about different types of food sounds very Martha Stewart-ish to me.
Tim Horton's and Subway. The food is ready to go down your stomach, no need to waste time cooking it.
The lead from the pencil is transferred and ingrained into the paper. The lead is still a piece of the pencil. You have copied a piece of the pencil on to a surface. This is piracy.
People who are against file-sharing usually end up contradicting themselves anyway. If you have ever lent a pencil to someone or have borrowed a pencil from someone, you are advocating for piracy....'"


3602: 'So normally im a pretty confident guy.  I am not afraid to speak before a group, I can express myself well and I know that in most cases i can handle whatever comes up, whether good,  bad or...
I like the friend zone much more than the hobby lobby.
Its not the ENTP's hard candy shell, its the soft gooey inside that I like best.
I dont think so.
olonny You go girl!   Wanna play horsie?
Oh Glorious, wonderful and wise @Haldir, it is truly a blessing to bask in the aura of your divinely inspired munificence.  Your many gifts of wisdom, perception and insight, as if they are the...
Haldir all forms of applause and adoration are gratefully accepted.  I accept tips too.  Thank you.
floatingpoint   Black jeans and boots, huh? You are quite the cowboy!   Wanna play horsey?  YeeeeHawwww!
Actually, quite a bit of research has done  on this subject.   It shows that  sitting next to a new acquaintance when eating or just having a conversation significantly increases the rate of...
Well put indeed!
I was God's gift to mankind.  I still am.
Okay.  Step by step...     @olonny is right. Be subtle. Be a gentleman.  @Haldir is right. Everyone's favorite topic is themselves.  Take it further.  Get a copy  of How to Win Friends and...
You are correct. None of us want to criticise INFJs.  I think our interests are more in line with researching remote orgasm triggers in INFJs.
Would you like one of us ENTPs to post it in the INFJ forums for  you?    And  what exactly are they sensitive to? Orgasms?
[shuffling my feet :] Aw shucks [blush]
I really like Personality Cafe.  Its the only place I can tell other people how to fix their lives despite the trainwreck that is my own.
@BlueDahlia - - It's a shame about the stuff that happened at the University.  Intellectual jealousy is a real thing, as is intellectual theft.  My beloved, who works at a large Eastern university...
We can clearly see where this whole Thread is headed...    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzoldDKdNj4
From what you've written, i can't see anything that indicates that your life has taken a dark turn. But on the other hand, you're rather vague about a few things like age and your career field that...
You're right about not fitting in to the school system, but there's more to it than that.    During our school years ENTPs more closely resemble INTPs and INTJs, so its not unusual that you tested...
If you look closely, you will never find us.
[  The problem is easy if you take it logically/ there must be fifty ways to leave your lover.   No.  Wait, that's another thread.   OK Lady, here's the deal.  You run into trouble because...
LadyLeo  Returning to your original issue...   There is one way and only one way to handle this situation:  Run!  Run like the wind!  Whatever his motives or psychological makeup is, this guy is...
You never fail to amaze me, friend.  ;-)
gettingbackontrack  So let me take a crack at the 10,000 pound elephant in the room.  If I understand correctly, you've been having this on-again-off-again sort of relationship with this woman for...
In the early episodes of Roseanne, she worked in a plastics factory.  Her job was to break spoons off the spines they were molded onto and put them in boxes.  She had to meet a quota too.  Positively...
I think that  Oh screw it
Aeon Hahaha.  Don't worry your little heart.   What's really important is I'm adding a new wing to the mcmansion.
@desire machine   Not quite, mostly he's doing the opposite of what he campaigned on.       Cleptocracy is the opposite of 'Draining the Swamp.   Destroying the middle class:  He claimed he was...
I thought I could break the addiction.  Apparently I was wrong.
Now there's a turn of phrase.  LOL.
Hmmm.. Looks like things have changed quite a bit since I started this thread.  .A cleptocratic domestic policy aimed at destroying the middle class, the environment, and anything else that's good...
I don't often have bad dreams, but for the past week or so I've had them nearly every night.  Disturbing ones, as though Armageddon was at hand.  Sometimes more than one of these dreams in the same...
the.soph.ia is welcome to discuss anything she likes this forum.  As are you, regardless of how annoying you may be.   Please ask yourself, who appointed me the arbiter of what may or may not be...
Do beware, however.  Drunk Parrot really likes furry black pussies.
Oh what the hell...   With rape so predominant in the news lately, it is well to remember the words of Confucius: 'If rape is inevitable, lie back and enjoy it'.        -- New York TV...
Oh yes, this describes me to a tee.  I love being around people and enjoy being part of a crowd, say at a sporting event or at a concert.  I'm also quite bold about approaching people i don't know...
the.soph.ia Aint nothin wrong with necro posting, regardless of @DrunkParrot 's shame list.  Nyahh!!!  Like you, I'm hardly a  mathematician.  Where i stumble is in the explanation of how i arrive...
Coming down on the side of subjectivity in all things, i should like to point out that there is a subset of the gay B&D/S&M community that does desire and engage in rape activity.  The individual...
Yes indeed, happy new year!!  How do you like it so far?
Its not CheezWiz.  ;)
LadyLeo A jerk-free January, or any month, has to be a good thing.  What's on tap for March?  Thanks for sharing n venting.  See you around campus.
I found it very thoughtful when my lover gave me a box of 500 condoms with no strings attached.  
Music, musicians, arft, string theory, the physiology of the inferior vena cava, cheesecake recipes, curing fish, country music, whatever is wrong with my car, mbti, psychoses, the grand canyon, the...
You shouldn't let that stop you.
Call a doctor if you experience feelings of sadness, depression, anxiety or fear.
I can predict the future, what people will say or do, and i know how any TV show will play our after only a few minutes.  Unfortunately, i have no idea how to put this ability to practical use. ...
Hi LadyLeo,  First thing i want you to do is touch something.  Feel it. Really feel it.  Notice whether it's soft or hard, smooth or rough, flat, curvy, or both.  This is a trick my therapist...
FueledByEvil I suspect you were spreading love and holiday cheer throughout the universe.  No need to worry.  Horda oot ar roof! :perc3: :winetime:
Attaboy!  We lorghf oo toot!'"


3622: 'You just walked into the ENTP forum and asked us to do something as a group.  AS A GROUP.  What are you, insane?  (Joking, of course. May try this thing. No promises. Just as well might not.)
Guys.  Sherlock is an ESFP.  End of Story.  I seriously can't believe that people still ask this question.
Am I the only one sitting here wondering why Spidey is reading Atlas Shrugged? Rand doesn't seem like a philosopher that would appeal much to Peter.
Is it natural to laugh while simultaneously wanting to throw up?   Oh God, with each chortle I feel my stomach turn....
I woke up this mornin', and then went back to bed...  Cold Winter Blues -Pat Donohue
And if I give a monkey a typewriter and an infinite amount of time, he'll eventually type up Hamlet. That doesn't mean the manuscript isn't going to be covered in monkey shit or that this discovery...
You know you're an ENTP when you want to hear the juicy details on this, because it sounds absolutely marvelous.
When you're walking down the sidewalk and start playing Chicken with the random strangers walking your way. Also, while doing this you test the effect of changing the way you walk on whether people...
I do love compliments so. I believe I felt my ego grow a bit.
Okay, I'm going to be serious because I do think you deserve your fair shake.  Truthfully, I don't think you're an ENTP. I don't know what you are, but I'm almost certain an ENTP is not it. Ever...
You do realize that the fact that you are still taking this so seriously while a Spider-Man thread is afoot proves that you're not an ENTP, right? The above argument is not even relevant.  98714
Just looking for some opinions on my personality type. I've always gone back and forth, and have come to settle on ENTP for now, but some outside opinions are always nice.  2. You are with a group...
*Gets the popcorn ready.*
A biscuit. What else?
I refuse to make comment until you properly familiarize yourself with the use of the English language and your keyboard.
You do realize you put this in the NT forum, right?  What did you think we were going to do? Skim?
Give me your address, phone number, and social and I'll be there in roughly 24 hours. I expect a damn fine float.
I'll take a sandwich and a orange ice cream float, if those ingredients are ready.
Indiana Jones, mate. Indiana Fucking Jones.
That's it everyone. Thread's over. Nothing more to see here.  93382
Gotta agree with the above... Can't keep a good genius billionaire playboy philanthropist down.
You know how you normally drive a car everywhere? Don't do that. Skydive to places.  That's right. Everywhere you go, make your entrance through the sky. Make sure your parachute has the word...
Damn right. Have to have someone to appreciate our ideas. Besides, if she doesn't get caught, it just proves how goddamn good we are.
The rule for me is classy but casual. Usually I'll wear a sports coat with a t-shirt or button up underneath. Throw on some jeans and sneakers and I'm ready to go. I'll change that formula up...
If we get bored... And I mean really, really, REALLY bored...  In all seriousness, I would think no. Would we think about it? Hatch some plans? Probably.   Actually do it? Nah, fuck that. Too...
People are always telling me to do stuff, and I'm all like that, you know? I start to think about feeling like how you feel when you do stuff like that. And then I feel the stuff I do and it makes me...
Fucking love it.  Love to fuck it.  As much as I secretly love Christmas, especially if there is snow on the ground, it is far too much fun to be Scrooge McGrinch. Bahumbug for the shits and...
Zero degrees Kelvin. Absolute zero. It is essentially as cold as anything can ever get.
So cool... Like, we're talkin' approaching 0 K here... So cool.
Nope. I don't like cigarettes. Though, a lot of research, I am considering taking up the occasional pipe. The health risks are minimal, approaching negligible. There is no inhalation, so risk to the...
I read this thread, realized I'm wasting my life, and am currently going for the world record of Longest Time Spent Sobbing Like a Small Child.  Does that count as badass?  (Seriously though,...
Well, shit... I really thought it would be more interesting than this. Time to find an answer.   Tally Ho.  Maybe a last goodbye to the family, though it may be best to simply pass in to the...
I have to agree with Jennywocky here. I have the strangest relationship with spiders. On one hand, they really are fascinating creatures. They are fantastic predators and it really is a joy to watch...
Either we'd be far better off or we wouldn't be at all.
I'm fairly certain I'm a high-functioning sociopath. Never been tested, but my behavior seems to fit the bill.  I voted Unsure.  Of course, I could be COMPLETELY wrong.
A medal made from metal, of course...
See, I was thinking something classy. Gold is too easy. Platinum? Maybe. I'm voting we just buy him a giant sheet of aluminum foil.
My God...   You did it. You created the perfect definition of an ENTP...  Quick! Someone get this man a metal!
I concur with the good sir above me.   What, indeed...
If I had the means? Yes. Since I don't? I can't.
You must realize, to any intuitive, turning them into a sensor would be the equivalent of sentencing them to the Seventh Circle of Hell.  Once you go crazy, you don't go back.
So, I kinda think I'm an ENTP. I've been rolling with that for awhile now. I've always thought I was some sort of NTP. Still, I have no idea, because I feel like I don't know myself. At least not as...
ENTP- Chaotic Neuteral. I think this is nearly a constant for ENTPs, perhaps NTPs in general.
Nazi Gold in my basement. Tons and tons of evil Nazi Gold.
Right now, I'm just praying college is going to be interesting. High school was terribly boring. My teen years have been stagnant, I feel. Personally, I have developed and grown, but I don't feel as...
Ok, so, does DC have a nearby zoo or aquarium? Personally, I love going to my local zoo and/or aquarium and documenting animal behavior. I think this developed from my love of people watching. I love...
I know, I know. I was making use of the stereotype for a joke, and a bad one at that. Vampires and light-bulb factories. Yeesh! I really am tired...
Well, there is your problem. Church to ENTP's is like a light-bulb factory to vampires. Bleh!  Seriously though, it's 4:00 AM where I live. I'm not even sure why I'm up. I'll try to have a better...
You paint such a detailed, and likely realistic, picture. Though I don't quite like Hawaiian T-shirts. Too... Garish.  Definitely an unbuttoned dress shit with an undershirt. Very comfy. Perhaps the...
A double pun on my title which was already a pun?  My God... At this rate, we'll create a singularity.'"


3630: 'Bats are mouse angels..   I need sleep
.
I hope you never find the cold side of the pillow.
Pack your things everyone, thread over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GurkREc-q4I
But then again, how many canidates do we have for the role?  THAT is the question :mellow:
Well, he did intisgate it, but should we open up voting polls for the position?   :wink:
Reporting for duty, what's the plan cap'n?
Confirmed?  One, and he was my chemistry teacher who I'd bombard with questions constantly, and I still pop by his lab from time to time to say hello and banter with him.
My god, someone finally put it into words...
http://cdn.uproxx.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/bad-idea-jeans.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/agJIP.gif
ENTP- God    Has a nice ring to it, wouldn't you say?
I think I've finally figured out the career I want for myself (physics), it has all kinds of intellectually juicy concepts and ideas, but the math is killing me.  But, since it's something I have...
Hmmm... I might just have to try that in the future.   But nah, every time I've gotten to the interview part, I've gotten the job. It's mostly just confidence, not I own the place already, but...
Or better yet, not even trying at the interview, and still manage to leave your interviewer in a puddle of his own brain goo that leaked out of his ears, due to your awesomeness.  Source: happened...
I know what you mean...  Example: I work the front desk at hotel, and it's glorious as hell. I get to meet all kinds of new interesting people. Anywho, I was working the other day, and with one of...
So my roommate (confirmed ISTJ) , his girlfriend, and I all went out on Valentine's Day to go watch Thor 2 on campus.  *Walks into the classroom to find there's free snacks*  Me- Holy shit,...
I wonder if I've finally gone insane..
Enthusiast   Enthusiasts are lovers of ideas. They spend a lot of their time in their minds, exploring ideas, establishing theories, and understanding phenomena. Usually they like exploring...
... You're working the graveyard shift at a hotel, and at around four in the morning, just as you're starting to brew the coffee, a guest comes down and asks you for some Tylenol. You end up having...
Child; Everything  Teen; Pyro-technician, architect   Now; Physicist/pyro-technician
Either a Nook or a Kindle, with some money to buy books, as there aren't any book stores in my town.  Sad thing is, I didn't even think to mention this to my family, as I just now thought of it......
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fl1Dubqke28
.. You go into work on your day off in order to get the new schedule, and the moment you walk in the door, the manager and your coworker start peppering you with questions on what they should do on...
87122
Dear INFx,  Stop throwing me through these loops, I don't know how to handle you damnit D:
If I had my drums set up, and a video camera, I'd be posting a cover of some songs I've been wanting to do.  But alas, my current living arrangement prevents me.
I see your Grieves, and raise you Brother Ali.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxUQ07NXB4c
...You get to work and some of your coworkers are stressed and royally pissed off, and proceed to mess with one of them. While another tells you, You better not do that, she's going to whoop you...
So I recently moved several states away to go to an engineering school, and have had to go through some bull shit classes at a community college, just to get INTO the engineering school.  And now...
Smoke meth and hail Satan.     And I log onto Disney.com without my parents permission.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKLnhuzh9uY
.....one day you think to yourself, Ew. People.
JayMcCrunch  I don't post much, but then again I don't hardly check my phone anymore..
When you form relationships, do you use a tactical approach for it, in order to gain something? Basically using somebody for what they have to offer, and that the tactics aren't visible.    My...
a1 = 10,   ak + 1 = ak + 2   Ah, the joys of math.
We lurk in the shadows, watching.   Always watching.
6'3 and 130lbs.  I was beyond excited when I finally broke 130 :D
The River: shall I explain to you now The River: those thoughts I was having The River: also would you rather talk through this accountor the other one INFJ: yeah sure INFJ: and yeah prob The...
This. This shit RIGHT HERE.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMX2lPum_pg
A cage.
I once had a cop stop and talk to me and a friend, asking if everything was alright from the amount of expressive hand gestures we were using.
I am merely here to find out more about you all and bring gifts of a fine bottle of Jameson and some intelligent conversation.   *raises glass* Cheers.
Back when I used to smoke, it calmed my brain down to the point where I could focus on one or two tasks at a time, instead of the usual  two dozen. While I could still connect the dots between ideas,...
Pretty sure I'm already insane.    I got tricked into it with offers of whiskey, cookies, and women.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIajmLP46b4
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfUYuIVbFg0
... You're being introduced to your future teachers, and your dad tells you, that under no circumstance, to be a wise guy to them, and your only thought is, ....Well fuck.'"


3633: 'So here's the situation: me and my ESTP father - who have been on rocky terms almost my entire life - have started trying to get along as of late. I know he's very eager to get on my good side after...
Dear ESFP, ISFP and INFP childhood friends,  I just wrote an insanely long thank-you letter depicting our entire friendship since age twelve and my views on it - how we've grown apart and together...
  Hmm. Interesting post, which helped induce a pivotal moment for me concerning my first heartbreak (INTJ guy, of course).  (Warning: Storytelling time ahead regarding first love experience with...
^This. Extremely Ne/Si.  It's obvious you have Ti/Fe, but I agree that you don't seem like an ESTP. I think there's a bigger chance you might be an ENTP with developed Fe or something of the sort....
It depends.  1) Are the things you say relevant to me? 2) Are the things you say interesting to me? 3) In short, do I in any way care about you or what you're saying at all?  If all of the...
...when you (or your ENFP husband) make fried rice every Thursday because your daughter once commented on a Thursday that she really liked the fried rice you make.  And two months later, when she...
- Loyalty - Discipline/respect/manners - Level-headedness; does not jump into something without thinking things through first - Problem-solving attitude without failing to attend to details (hence...
...I'm guessing I'm not the only one enjoying this show, then? *stops hiding popcorn*  And just out of curiosity to those of you debating over the source of the ENTJ arrogance - what does that have...
I wonder if this hasn't been written already, but I think this is the most common answer in conversation from any ENTJ I've ever come across while with another Ne user (or I'm using uncensored Ne...
Olmed3011 and ENTPreneur: An ENTP meetup does sound pretty interesting - I wonder how it'd be like, though. The idea of knowing that the other people around you reason the same way you do and in some...
Dark Opal: I think your questions are pretty difficult to answer, since ESTJs after all only share the same sets of cognitive functions for how they reason. There may be some shared traits as a...
This is pretty interesting. I used to have a theory about NTs being super-empaths as children - at least that's the case for the majority of the NTs I know IRL - and that early puberty is when our...
I'm quite exhausted so I might've misunderstood the masses of text throughout this thread, so correct me if I'm wrong:  - You want to improve your relationship with ENTPs in general, especially...
I may not be particularly old, but I disagree with the idea that there is no failure. There is - and sometimes it's important to acknowledge it, because sometimes, admitting that you did wrong or...
One thing I've never understood about 3 stereotypes is how we're supposedly doing it for the sake of other people's praise and favor. Granted, when I was younger, I always thought my accomplishments...
3-8w9-5w4  http://fc02.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2011/024/8/f/guardian_by_svoja_i_nicija-d37y0dy.jpg  http://fc09.deviantart.net/fs42/i/2009/127/9/0/Guardian_by_Ironshod.jpg  It might be a little...
QuietMarvel: Ooh, I'm almost jealous too. That cake looks fantastic. I wish you a happy birthday too! :)  NegativeRadical: Maybe you should find yourself an SJ? My ESTJ best friend always...
Nah, I mostly don't care. Like BusinessMan said: people believe what they want to believe, unfortunately. It's pointless to waste energy getting worked up about them being wrong if they're not going...
I'm pretty renowned for making up crazy methods to make boring subjects interesting - the kind where you actually have to memorize the stuff instead of just understanding it. Some ideas:  For my...
I definitely agree that the ESFJ's way of thinking seems a little off. As far as I know, Ne/Si users think the same way, only Ne users are more prone to 'skipping thoughts' with Si anchors and Si...
You know an ENTP loves you when they go through a lot of effort to give you a present, and then brush it off as if they just randomly threw something together when it's obvious they didn't.  (I...
The INTJ doorslam is pretty infamous at this point... but have you ever un-doorslammed somebody?  I'm just very curious. I used to be very close with an INTJ but due to lack of communication and me...
Hi! I started to write an article in the ENTP Articles forum last month, but due to my studies and RL, I didn't have time to finish my post. I saw that the Edit option was off, so I thought I'd wait...
I always made up crazy stories and games too. Up until I met an INTJ in the other class - he's still my best friend - I never met anybody with an imagination like mine. When we played together,...
My ENTP best friend's pet name was bimbo when we were in junior high. She was basically the walking, talking stereotype of the popular cheerleader you'd see in teen flicks.  It was mostly just...
When healthy, INFJs are like Patronus charms straight out of the HP series; ethereal, mystical, calming. (And equipped with an x-ray vision into our deep, dark souls.) You come in all shapes and...
Dear Failure,  You almost had me there.  I've tried so hard. So goddamn hard. I no longer know what it's like to wake up and just take the day as it comes. My life is an endless myriad of...
Dear INTP friend,  Thanks for the super-wasted text messages you sent me at 5 am last night! I find it rather funny that you have to describe your entire night, what people you met at the club, who...
As a general rule, most ESTJs I meet are probably bad-tempered if you cross them. But as I don't cross them, I find them to be very calm and easy to get along with. XD  Noliah: Ever tried to look...
Hmm, interesting. I don't actually think I've encountered this dilemma... not sure if it's because I'm always so busy in my career I don't have time to meet people too frequently or if it's because I...
I'm an Asian born and raised in Sweden (lol, the best of two worlds judging from my fellow Swedes/Asians here, eh?), but I've learned to debate in another way. I still express my views - only less...
Hmm, I don't really know if dragging him out is such a good idea. When I was 12, I was really introverted myself and did the same thing. The reason was because I hated my middle school. I became...
Hmm, I agree with you to a certain extent there. Body language does say a lot about a person, especially such strong emotions such as genuine anger or happiness. However, I wouldn't necessarily say...
More than often when it comes to those situations, I ask them to show proof that I am wrong rather than asking me to show proof that I am right. If you can't prove that I'm wrong, you also can't...
GuerillaCommercials: http://a2.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/317056_10150389087833716_567533715_8457164_653952012_n.jpg
Oh, I think you must have misunderstood me there. I haven't actually been diagnosed with cancer... yet, anyway.  So far, I've spent the past four months seriously struggling with health issues, but...
I'm too lazy to read through this entire thread, nor the other one. But I read the first post, and I do recognize myself in that.  The problem is, I think, not low self-esteem or insecurity. People...
...Always one of the most difficult questions for an N, isn't it?  So here's a little game: just answer whatever jumps into your mind when you hear that question.  However, you must read the post...
You.  ...Is that your window over there, all open and inviting? :)
Okay, INTJs - here's a question for you about a fellow INTJ...  I have an INTJ best friend whom I like very much, in a little brother kind of way. He has absolutely zero Fi, which can be a bit...
...I just love how this thread randomly derailed into a heated debate about marijuana. XD At least you guys don't need to question what MBTI type you are... lol.  That aside, I think everybody is...
I definitely agree that it sounds like a S/N problem to me rather than F/T. I'm in the same boat, I've been invited to a dinner at my ISFP friend's place (with her ISFP fianc and our ISFJ/ESFP/ISFP...
You are not alone, my friend. Let us join all forces and fight those that oppose our sexiness... with our sexiness.  Just imagine the things we could accomplish. They would never be able to resist...
...You forgot sexy. Never forget the sexy part. D<  Here's a post I wrote about what ESTJs like/dislike in a person for those who are interested, btw:...
Trololol, BRAINSSSSS. 8D   (Such a pretty, pink thing to look at. Pink is evil. Melikes evil stuff. Mraurrr...)  Nah, all jokes aside... I'm pretty much into tall guys, preferably lean to the...
I have done some Shadow exploration, actually. Except some of your discoveries don't really relate to mine (the ones at the end). Nonetheless, we do have some things in common - like the neediness,...
Oh, you ENTJs. You always make me laugh:crazy:  Soured Lie: You sound exactly like my ESFP sister's (ENTJ) ex-fling. He said the same thing... I unfortunately forgot that, so when I told her about...
I've met quite a few INFJs, but they're never the same. In fact, I often refer to you as The Chameleon - the only thing you really have in common is the way you reason [Ni/Fe], but other than that,...
I find it extremely amusing that the only INFJ I've ever known to be attracted to another INFJ was completely awkward around him. Considering how both of them are brilliant both in terms of...
Dear Elitist Classmates and Former Elitist Me,  Intellectuality? Power? Prestige? What's all that about, anyway?  So what if we attend one of the best business schools in Europe? So what if we're...'"


3640: 'Wow, looks like I'm the only asshole who put More. :P Sorry, I was just kidding, don't take me seriously.  Anyway I completely relate. I feel like this a lot too. I often feel superior to people...
SJ. Just way too much for me ... too everything. Too righteous, too stuck in their ways, too conformist, too cut-and-dry, too serious.  But there are a few I like, just the majority of the...
My thoughts are often in debate form. I'm constantly having mental conversations with myself, and sometimes it's quite amusing. Other times it just irritates me, and I'm always talking to myself.
When you get a chance, go to youtube and listen to Country Song by Seether; this song is quite fitting for my reaction to my anti-type. :O  Type 1! Definitely.... I can see myself in this type,...
The childhood message is definitely not what causes a personality type, but it's more the message we sent ourselves based on our surroundings at a very young age (and on a very subconscious level)...
Social  1) Generally, I positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself. Though I may find it either overwhelming, because of my astute awareness of what lies...
I feel like the 4, 5, and 6 would kill themselves almost instantly, the 3, 7, 8 and possibly the 1 would attack everyone else like wild beasts with know restraint, and the 2 and the 9 would curl up...
I'm pretty certain that my MBTI type is ENTP, but I've struggled with shyness for most of my life and so sometimes lose track of the difference between introversion and extroversion due to...
I've been really debating my enneagram type also lately. I'm very sure that I'm an ENTP, but I don't seem to feel completely comfortable identifying with typical ENTP ETypes; 3 and 7. I've...
Roseanne! I love it so much I'd marry it if I could. It never gets old; I can watch the episodes over and over again and never get tired of the humor.  I also love King of Queens, Everybody loves...
Oh, I would definitely say ENFJs are the most conventionally feminine of the types.  E: Very sociable, friendly, lively, and chatty. Of course, these are not strictly feminine traits, but I'd...
Absofuckinglutely!  I love you sweet, lovely, beautiful, happy people. I wish I could find me an NF lady to soften my hard edges, and warm up the cold parts of me, and spark the passion in me. I'd...
'The Vampire Chronicles' by Anne Rice, or 'the Lives of the Mayfair Witches' by Anne Rice.  Both are pretty dark. The vampire chronicles has a total of 10 books, and it's absolutely captivating....
Well, I love myself because it's easy for me to turn everything into a positive thing, no matter what. We tend to do that. It makes everyone an optomist when they're around us. And we're hella...
I answered yes for 18/20. But like someone else said, a few of them were kind of iffy yeses. Most were hell yeses, but some were in a gray area. I've never been diagnosed with it. I'm researching...
Ah, but what is an ENTP if not a legend? Even if it is in our own minds. We're still awesome in one way or another.
Oh yeah, I think it's 'cause we get laid.  We have the most charm, the best social skills, the most ease in the spot light, and we're the funniest ... these qualities aren't associated with...
Hahaha, I can't tell you how many times I've done that. And I reread my forum posts and emails and stuff over and over again to make sure it has the right flow, and nothing looks funny, and even...
Absofuckinglutely!  I'm just as, if not more, irresistably hilarious in reality as I am in my mind.  Well, I like to think so. Of course, I have my weak moments of doubt. Sometimes I worry that...
Yes, but as we all know, there are many people who don't have a clue what a sense of humor even is, so again, this may not work.  But it could be fun. Someone start. Let's see if it flies or if it...
Oooo that wouldnt be good.
This is a little belated, but i feel like answering this question anyway. I'm a girl, but of course I'm gay, I've been in similar situations.  I say that ESTPs definitely like to talk to...
Being appreciated for my humor, my physical appearance, or my skills in a certain area. Basically, ESTPs like to be appreciated, not necessarily in an over the top admiring way, but just touch our...
:) Yay, I'm just straight up gregarious and charming.  I'll think of my list hopefully over the day, but this looks kind of fun and challenging.
ESTP  1) Hilarious 2) Playful 3) Spontaneous 4) Energetic 5) Easily amused  Enneagram: 7W8
Thanks, this most helped me realize I must be ESTP. No, I do not cry at movies, and I hate showing my emotions to others. it's embarrassing when people know I've been crying. And I think more people...
Mm, not even to mention us overwhelmingly sexy ESTP girls. ;)  Seriously though, I can see how this makes sense. I think I'm most attracted to other extroverts and other perceiving types. ENFPs and...
Hmm, is this only for ISFPs? Ah well, I'll put in my two cents anyway, especially since I've dated an ISFP girl before.  My X was an artist, and since I'm visually impaired and can't see visual...
Totally understandable. It's true, I can be helpful and feel good when helping people, but I'm not a particularly generous person.  So I have a question. Might I simply be an affectionate ESTP?...
Hello. I am pretty sure I'm an ESTP, but not 100%. I'm wondering if I might actually be an ESFP. I've done this before, only last time I thought I might be an ISTP, which now I realize was a...
Lol, my thoughts exactly. Some of the stuff on it looks pretty decent, but when I read that I didn't understand where they were coming from. At first I even thought that the boyfriend was the ESTP...
Hey. So, I was reading some psychological profiles from socionics.com, and there's a list of profiles called Uncovered. This means that the description of the type focuses on the negative traits....
Mbti: ESTP Enneagram: 7W8, 8W7, 3W4 SP/SX Zodiac: Capricorn Day of birth (with time if you know): December 29, 1995, 9:00 P.M. Socionics type (if you know it): SLE Place of birth (town/city,...
I usually find that the ENTJ girl I know is interested in some of the same things I am, but just ... more of it. Like, I'm a history buff. But the reasons we are both interested in history are...
As a whole, I get along fine with NTs. I guess I get irritated at their tendancy to overanalyze certain things, or sometimes they may seem like they're showing off their superior intelect by making...
I'm pretty sarcastic and wry, so on a daily basis that's how I come across. But what really makes me laugh is the unintentional humor, the light-hearted stupid humor, as someone else put it. I laugh...
Oh wow, you INFPs are such inevitably good people. I mean, the way you are able to understand and feel compassion for just about anyone, and how you can look at the world in such an open way, makes...
Ok, then I have a question. How would  you ENTP ladies compare your sex drives, in general, to that of an ESTP woman? And along the same lines, an ENFP to an ESFP? I'm just curious since we tend to...
INTPs are not only smarter than me, have deeper thoughts than I do, and are cooler than I am, but all the INTPs I know have an amazing fashion sense ...  Coincidence? I think not. INTPs simply must...
Thank you, this is very helpful.  Yeah, I agree, it seems a bit like something that only a 16 year old would do. I'm not sure about her enneagram type, but if I think about it, type 6 seems about...
If you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal, would animal would represent you?  A monkey! It sounds stupid, but they are so care-free and happy, and everyone loves them. Unless you have...
Ok, first let me see if I understand the question. You're asking if you can trust this person to be a longterm friend and to help you and keep in confidence your personal problems which you would...
Hello. So, one of my best friends is an ISTJ. It's like the friendship of heaven, pretty much. We never argue, because we never hurt each other's feelings or expect hugs and long deep emotional...
Hi  I'm ... very ... upset right now guys, so ... I'm going to ask as politely as my emotions will allow at the moment ...  Please stop being so rude and inconsiderate of other people's feelings,...
This was exactly my conflict a little while ago. I considered myself an ESTP because I tend to be pretty outgoing around friends & family, & I figured I might just be a quiet extrovert. I concluded...
Thanks everyone who replied, I really appreciate it. I think I understand this a lot more. I'm pretty sure now that I'm not an introvert, even though I can be quiet & stand-offish at first, because I...
I'm observing myself more closely. I'm going to figure this out if it's the last thing I do, but honestly I'm seeing ISTP in myself. I still see a little bit of eSTP, but I'm thinking overall...
If I'm in a small gathering of good friends, I tend to be much more outgoing & take less time actually deeply thinking. But it's the fact that I need to absorb information & think about things after...
As for hobbies, I play the violin. I express myself better through it & I picture colors in my head while I play. It's invigorating. I love running & riding my bike, because I have a lot of pent up...
I don't know why, but I've recently had an inkling that I may actually be ISTP. I realize that I quite often change my mind about things, but this time I'm seriously considering I may have been...'"


3655: 'You just succeeded in making my day :D I think you're right, too--you would be INFJ enough for both of us!
And moderator fail. Going back over the videos, I saw a few times where you started to say something and I never gave you the floor, but in real time, I was trying so hard to give you an opening when...
Yes, yes we do! Not tonight, thought--you available Saturday morning? If not, we can set something else up :)
Fat Bozo & Celebok  Finished your video, and loved it, of course. Jeff, I think you get NTP pretty darn well. Having achieved five guru levels myself ;) I have, in fact, encountered the exact...
ENTP 2w3 answering the call :) I've got two vids lined up currently, but if you don't mind a little wait, I'm game
Last call for ENTJs, ENFJs, INTPs or INFPs to join the Great Child Function Symposium and Knowledge Expansion Vortex!  Celebok, pneumoceptor, Fat Bozo, I will pm you with possible times by...
And another! I chat it up with hallstrigity about cognitive functions, ENTP-itude, and the question of morality. With detours for Vikings and Leprechauns:  ...
Teddy and I did an ISFJ-ENTP chat--check it out:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AH4VUPL90rc  (The rest is further up this thread, or go to my YouTube channel-- jendragon42)
Yay! Will try to set up times as soon as we get word on an S-tertiary.   And I can only assume that it's the physical object consortium at work once more. I'm under a life-long ban for insufficient...
Too late! I accept your challenge. I'm trying to work out a sched with auclairedelune00 and replying shortly to @hallstringity, but would you mind adding yet another ENTP to your list?  Also:...
Fat Bozo & hallstrigity--  Very cool. And yes, Fat Bozo, power to the P-e's for doing something unexpected just because we can :) Like turning a soap dispenser into a Dalek miniature. Sometimes,...
hallstrigity, I'm always down. Lemme know!
Well, you're certainly right that it's complicated!  I guess there are two separate issues for Ns (in my experience): the symbiotic, reciprocal process of Ni/Ne and the...
We do, although the directly analogous relationship is between Ne and Ni--which is also exactly the same kind of symbiotic relationship in which Ne generates, then Ni distills. The difference seems...
Um, this is where being an ENTP 2w3 gets embarrassing. I mostly don't care about helping people in the abstract. You have to get me to care about you first, then I desire with my whole soul to help....
When I was trying to wrestle out my type, and I finally realized that I was looking at the head types because my brain is my image. I value knowledge in and of itself, of course (2w3/5w6/9), but what...
Fantastic combo, 'cause I'm 2-5-9, nearly a triple play!  I like power. Love me some power. It's hot. I enjoy having it in and of itself, although I don't actually like using it except to protect...
It does depend on why they're withdrawn--if it's for introspection and truth seeking, for example, this will not apply, but in general, for fear/shame/hurt/etc-withdrawn people, I wish to come along...
Thanks for answering my questions! If I may pose another--what would it look like if frustration at failing INFP personal standards became the central focus of your life? (And you lived in an Ne-rich...
Awesome answers, rd93. Follow-up: Did you feel disdain for that process because you saw the problems it caused within yourself, or was it related to external stressors (the way other people treated...
I have to preface this by saying that I'm suffering from acute Stupid-Professor-Brain this afternoon. It's very similar to the conditions that I call 'sleep soup' and 'fiction-coma', only the result...
rd93: Yes, yes, that was exactly the info-cluster I was looking for. Thank you!  You are a beautiful, beautiful human being, and I'm glad to have known you, even if only online.
Do you feel that tendency within yourself, or do you suspect that it doesn't develop until the middle of life? I know you talked about consciously rejecting assumptions in your talk with...
Have you ever wondered what we'll ramble about when we're 80?  Not that your mother or ESFJ church friend are 80, but my ESTJ grandma and ISTJ grandpa are, and the stories they ramble about now,...
I have an (I think) INFP brother who was extremely difficult to type, and it might shed some light on our process if you could talk about INFP and perfectionism, pessimism and anger. Thanks!
My MBTi plate is now empty, so if you'd like to do a vid with me, I'd love to :)
Can I 'over-use' my secondary 5 fix...I need to think about that one. It's always been such a reliable workhorse for me for such a long time. I identify it with my Ti-aux, which is pretty robust by...
Meadow:  I really like this set of descriptions! I find the 2 description more adaptive for those of us who aren't (S)F(J), while not excluding those trends for the type. I especially resonated with...
Investigating the meaning of free will. If the above choices are indistinguishable in your experience, or a distinction without a difference, then that's input, too. I just want to find out how...
Because I can...  I am throwing a philosophical question into the aether and would love to see what comes out.   I have been pondering the question What do you want?  It seems to me that that...
Lady Lullaby and I talk all things Type 2!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvuqYnkn7Kk   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mjlsLWlBbI  Hope you enjoy!
Yes, yes, and yes.  And yes.   This is the family curse.
Um, yes?  My posse and I were discussing our plans for post-apocalyptic survival. I will be the compound magister--my mission before things go wrong is to study Galen and memorize as many exciting...
Hatshepsut's Beard, by ZOMG Smells. Also Nuee Ardente, Oort, and Chasing a Tiger While Calling Your Mum Long-Distance.  Hatshepsut's Beard - ZOMG Smells  They had me at Large Hadron Collider.
We just wear our bad-assery on the outside :D  But despair not--we get you. There aren't very many of us, but we get you.
You totally should. It's a university town, we've got plenty of use for communicative biologists :)  And you have a standing invitation to stay at the Unrespectable Convent and Alliance of the...
It's a 3x3 matrix of {environmental/mental/social} feedback cues multiplied by {sensational/volitional/contemplative} experience of existence. I may find better words than that, but that's the most...
The discussion? Well...I might be able to skype you in if we move the venue to my place instead of Village Inn :) We're using the book Turning Points by...guy...last name starts with an 'N'...I...
@Ovinnik, thanks for the comment! As a fellow ENTP, you'll understand my desire to understand the snot out of the enneagram system, and then pass judgement ;) After a week-long wrestling match with...
Darn. There's that research problem again ;)  Well, at least it was a first for both of us--just like in sports, you can manufacture a significant statistic if you narrow the field creatively!
Aaaaand because I'm a busy, busy girl, my chat with @travelgirl1981!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpklLozKncc   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8COMz5TvYk  ...
So, at long last, here is the above-advertised discussion! (The part we recorded, anyway :) Hard to stop that Ne-Ni theoretical discussion!)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gvw22305hQA  ...
And the chat I had with teddy564339 this afternoon, bridging at last the great NT-SJ divide!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AH4VUPL90rc   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTw6i5VGUDo  ...
Behold the magnificence of my non-J-ness (ha ha!): Here is a discussion I had with @Flatlander a week ago about the different typologies and Ne-Ni synergy:  ...
I never mind a question--NTP talking here :)  I got several things out of it, actually. The first, most important thing was perspective. Learning from the inside what different people need from...
I actually feel similarly, but not in quite as strong a form. If I seriously can't see myself ending up with someone for life, the Rule Utilitaria is don't start. If I realize that it won't work...
That people are more judgmental about what other people believe than why they believe it.  Go team P!
Somewhat, but I don't think the need for individualism is a strict corollary of Kiersey temperaments. Although I'd bet that there's a better corolation between individualism and introverting your...
Yeah, mostly. See previous post.
Theoretical conceptualization is Ti, which is as counter-productive for ENFP as Fi is for ENTP--7th out of 8! Te is conceptualizing the thing in front of you. Does that work better for you?'"


3658: ESFJ http://giphy.com/gifs/editingandlayout-the-office-michael-scott-liked-yoJC2i270b1mQvcDdK  ENTJ http://giphy.com/gifs/xiTfkNBsKADmg  ENFP...
You guys are missing the point! You don't have to care about the motives, you just analyze it in the run, if you see evidence of ''crazy eyes'' you immediately retreat! The only plan you need is to...
As Phil Knight said, just do it bro
Met two INFJ, one of them super cool, smart, worked with strategic planning, great professional and awesome insights about interpersonal human relations; the other one was a genuine good person, but...
I thought this analisys was good, and as said before I think I fit it in certain situations. When I as younger I definetely matched the leader-anarchist type, today I identify most as the achiever...
Happy: The ending of pursuit of happiness movie. A not permanent estate. Living in the present with positive expectations of the future.  Sad: Reality not matching expectations. Frustration....
As our friend said, the unhealthy INFP can be the laziest form of life after sea sponges. xNTPs are lazy, but when something interests them, they go with all (at least me and INTPs friends), while...
Nice one, next time Ill estate this in my resum!
Humble: I can see clearly how someone is better than me in determined aspect and if I'm close to them I ask for helping me in that area.  I am more and more learning that feelings are important to...
That's not humble, that's just self depreciating...
I do! hahaha funny pattern...
exactly his response. For an xNTP point of view is weird you even think or consider this part , this don't have to do with the joke, it's not relevant to discuss the punishment system or the...
For instance, just the other day my INTP friend send me this: https://goo.gl/GViwXc, I laughed in the living room, my ENTJ roommate said ''let me what you are laughing at'', I show him, and it's not...
We need INTP's here, asap
I'm liking this whole Elon Musk throwing shade at people/company; although Bezos is also really capable and a strong competitor to Spacex .  I thought Bezos was an ISTJ and Elon Musk an INTJ, but I...
I believe sensors will have a higher kinesthetic  intelligence, hence they will be better at the actual heat of the moment kind of plays in some sports, but other than that I think N's will have a...
With my mom, an ISFJ, yes I did notice this, you portrayed her beside the fact that she does like and understands sarcasm and dark humor. But I also have a really close ISFJ friend who has nothing to...
As many times living with an ENTJ roommate, I can't tell if this is a joke or not...
Sexy Glare 434305
For some reason I thought this was sexual.
Don't trust Fi.  434249
Dear ENTJ, please explain me your sense of humor, it's so strange, you never seem to be understanding what's the funny aspect of what I am showing you, sincerely ENTP
434161
Uncomfortably precise.
1) On a scale of 1-10, how would you rate your current mood, with 1 being extreme sadness and 10 being extreme happiness? Although I believe this varies, 10 being that I'm pretty thankful of where I...
Appropriate
Myself: ENTP Mom - ISFJ extremely polarized Dad - ESTP hardcore Se  I'm closer to my mom, but we definitely clash, which I think it was good because growing up she'd keep my feet grounded, making...
A - ESFP My take for the A person is ESFP, although I've read it in an answer someone typing IxTP and I re-read it and somehow it made sense, but anyway it seems like a really Se-dom person and not...
By this description made by your impressions, it seems like an ISTP, but I have the feeling you already thought that, you just want to confirm it.
That's a cool well put poll, I didn't expect some of the questions, post the results after!
Do u even logic, bruh?
One of my sazonal guilty pleasures. I can't give me the luxury of revealing, is INFP-ish music you know.
Although I can relate to some keys aspects of each, accuracy is mad accurate for me!
Hello All, I thought it would be more appropriate to make this thread here, although I'm not sure if this qualify as art... Anyway, I'm making MBTI related mugs and I would like you guys to see!...
I got Mao Zedong  430354  Ignore the Thumbnail
The first and last one are endearing precise for me hahahahah
I have my doubts about God being XXXX, I think he/she is an ENTP and I'll state why.  First day he made light, only. He was planning to do the creation (which by the way was kind of crazy idea) but...
I can relate with everyone of my stressors, maybe a little bit less with the perception ones, and I can really get obsessed and focused on a task contraire to the extroverted stressor but I...
i made them, message me if you want to take a look!
How to deal and talk with each type based on their cognitive functions. pretty simple but if made right it would be cool.
Mugs! I figure it out it would be nice for two reasons, mugs are a cool thing to have mbti merch (shirts are kind of cringy) and because everyone have one at their work...
I started a similar thread some months ago, I was starting one, but Etsy fucked me in the ass by not letting me have my shop since I don't have a north american bank account, now I'm building my own...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDwV3VU1OXU
I guess most people are neutral-good about me, specially because for many I come off as introverted, private, but I always have groups of people that really like me/admire me (or is just my ego!),...
Put it at 5:00, it is important.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNmo6efZ2Vg  ps: I did 127 when I was 20. Not a genius like Kel but is good.
ISTJ because is exactly the opposite, they get shit done while not giving a fuck for stupid things. I would like to try them all if I could, everyone got something I'd like to see for myself how it...
When I think of something ridiculously bigger than myself that I want to accomplish but I couldn't even make a tiny step to it.  And sometimes talking with normal regular social-expected people. I...
Understanding above all.  And change something in this life spam.
I didn't see you very much here, you're new (not that I'm that old here) but I read some of your responses in other topics and making a parallel with the prison anecdote, you're getting your respect...
I think INTJ with an ENFP. They would have to be on the same page, but that would rule."


3667: 'EXTREME extrovert. Probably ESTP. Basically, 7w8 sx is the badass. 8w7 sx is the worseass. 3w4 sx is the diva. Combining them, you get someone with a VERY strong ego and high demands on the world.
Alpha: Cool, easy to relax around, a bit boring. Beta: Badass, awesome, too aggressive. Gamma: Rational, moralistic, strict. Delta: A lot boring, responsible, respectable.  I generally respect...
I think the social 7 description is over the top. I might be a social 7 (I currently type as sexual, but social might make more sense with my 8 and 2/3 fixes), and the social 7 is much more of a...
I used to type as a 5. Then I learnt about avarice and realised I was about as much a 5 as I am an ISFP. Not at all. I'm actually ENTP 7w8 sx/so (so typing at 5 was a bit weird, to say the least!)....
Having reread it, 7w6-1w9-3w2 seems more likely. The 7w6 core is obvious. The 1w9 fix is because of your attitude to anger (righteous anger being shut down). 9w1s wouldn't admit to feeling it, and...
Probably 4w5-9w1-p6w7 so/sp. You seem like a classic social 4. 469 seems likely, because you seem more 9ish than 1ish. 4w3s are more flashy and extroverted, so you're 4w5. There's a decent amount of...
63.333/100 masculine 25/100 feminine 45/100 androgynous (neutral) Male ENTP
You are in a severe Ne-Fe loop. I don't know your dom, but you're either an ENTP or an ESFJ. Both functions are unhealthy, so I can't use that to determine which you are. You need to get in touch...
I'm an extroverted ISTP. The only reason I don't type as ESTP is because my Ni is a bit stronger than my Fe.
Throwback! I am none of the types I most related to, and only 1 of the kindas. I'm actually 137.
Hi. 7w6 with a superiority complex.
I started out as 5w4-8w7-3w4 sp/so Now I'm cp6w7-8w7-3w4 sx/sp The interesting bit was in between (584, 684, 784, 714, 794, 793, 782, 783, 712, 713)
I'm usually around level 4, but as a 6, the descriptions push cp6 to level 6.
Then I should be a 1 and an 8, slowly moving towards 3. In fact, I'm a cp6.
This is about R&H's health levels. I've been at level 6 (whether I'm a 5 (unlikely), a 6, a 7 or an 8, or even a 4). Quernus - That's about Level 8. By Level 9, you can't even hate yourself any more.
Zack de la Rocha - cp6w7-8w7-4w5 or something. Definitely cp6-8-not 2. sx/so stacking.
INTPs are the least likely xNxP to be 4w3. But, it you're sure, a 4w3 INTP would use Ne and Fe to project an image of weirdness, but acceptable weirdness.
I'm a fan of sp-lasters. sx/sp can get too brooding and intense, but so/sx and sx/so can allow it out.
If you're saying talkative, then  ENTP ESFJ ENFP ENFJ ESFP ESTJ ESTP ISFJ
Weak, and always has been. 7w6sw8w7.
Yes, I know. But my normal heart fix is 4w5. Just 3 > 2 in heart.
This is a modification to the theory. Of course you can't do this in the original theory.    Read up on the sx 1.   Doesn't that sound like a 1w8 to you?  In this system, I'm 7w5-1w8-4w3.
Lust is about intensity. Gluttony is about variety. The sx instinct is also about intensity, but possibly without the external focus of lust and gluttony.
I'm a 6. It was mainly from the fact that I'd like to stop with my aggressive scepticism. But then the world will end.
I independently had this basic idea. I think the integration point is what you really want in life, but your main type holds you back For example, 6s want peace (like a healthy 9), but their...
Heaven 1s are the workers 2s are the lovers 3s are the achievers 4s are the artists 5s are the individualists 6s are the scientists 7s are the energisers 8s are the leaders 9s are the...
Sexual 1, Self-Preservation 8w9, possibly Social-last 4
Triple denial - 278
I'm an INFJ cp6w7. We often look like Ne types, because the doubting nature of the 6 and the energetic nature of the 7 resemble Ne. I mistyped as an INTP and an ENTP, before realising my stack (ISTP)...
7w6-8w7-2w1 sx/sp here! I mistyped as 784 because of 2 and 4 stereotypes, but after reading Naranjo, I realised I wasn't a 4 in any way. 1. ENTP 7wcp6-8w7-2w1 sx/sp 2. Generally, yes. The...
7w6, but 7wcp6(sw8w7).
1. 7s are thinkers. We are as intellectual as 6s and 5s. Leading on from this: 2. R&H's overexpress/underexpress/out of touch is bollocks. They invented it because: 3. The gut triad is not about...
Can you change me to Jerdle?
7w6-8w7-4w5, but I would be a 7w5 if it existed?
Make that triple-asskicking.
Triple asskicking - 478.
I'm an ENTP with a rapidly developing Fe, and I think Ne-Fe loops are the classic 7w6 hyperactivity. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperthymic_temperament (Healthy FeNeSiTi/NeFeTiSi type)...
I'm clearly sx/sp for all 3 fixes.
A)  Type 9 - It's not okay to assert yourself. Type 1 - It's not okay to make mistakes. Type 3 - It's not okay to have your own feelings and identity. Type 2 - It's not okay to have your...
No, it can't. Both 6 and 5 are head types. Your gut fix has to be a gut type: 8, 9 or 1.
I would like to have my username changed to ENerdTP, because I'm an ENTP.
1w9 = ITJ 1w2 = ETJ 2w1 = FJ 2w3 = EFJ 3w2 = E 3w4 = ENT 4w3 = NF 4w5 = IF 5w4 = IN 5w6 = IT
1w9 - IxTJ 1w2 - xxxJ 2w1 - xxFJ 2w3 - ExFJ 3w2 - ENFJ 3w4 - xxTJ 4w3 - xxFx 4w5 - IxFx 5w4 - Ixxx 5w6 - IxTx
I'd be 6w5-8w6-5w7.
Ramsay Bolton is a disintegrated 2w3.
I'm actually 684 sx/sp. And somewhat emo.
Hillary: 1w2-3w4-6w5 so/sp Bernie: 1w2-6w5-2w3 sx/so Trump: 8w7-3w2-6w5 sp/so
EXTREMELY strong 5 wing, strong enough that I typed as 5w4 instead of 6w5. (Not 5w6, because they are too emotionally repressed). My w7 is nowhere near as strong as my w5, but it is still there.
ILE-Ti (DCNH H) INTP (not a typo for ENTP) 9w1-5w6-2w1 sp/so.
I think that the most feminine types are ISFJ (housewife) and ENFJ (sociable), whereas the most masculine ones are ISTJ (strong, silent) and ESTP (lad culture). But, more generally, FJs are the most...'"


3682: It has been almost 2 years....  TWO YEARS.
I concur.  His article was posted on the INFJ board and several members went and changed their type to confirm INFJ or INFP.  Hes going to write one for ISFJ vs INFJ soon.  Perception is a tricky...
Well, we have to keep in mind that hes taking an outside perspective of INFJs and INFPs.  It would be nice if an INFJ or INFP wrote something of this caliber in the differences.  Maybe even a...
Theres a really good article written by simulatedworld on the cognitive differences between INFJ and INFP  Copy and Paste this into Google Search: INFP vs. INFJ: A Functional Analysis  Thats...
Ive got a similar, burning desire.    The hardest part is taking that first REAL step.
*Volunteers*
I would stay to see Mother Russia ENTP section liberated from vermin!     Ix92d even go as far as to bring Shai Gar back from his icy hell...
We need a tribunal that decides who the REAL ENTPs are.  Put them through vigorous tests and weed out the impure scum.   We need an ENTP Master Race!   Well have a list of all the PURE ENTPs as a...
I think SimulatedWorld would probably be the favorite and also the best choice.    DOWN WITH CRAPPY, CYCLICAL THREADS!  DOWN WITH OTHER PERSONALITIES TYPES RESPONDING TO ENTP QUESTIONS LIKE WE GIVE...
Very true.  Close to being an oxymoron...
Forget PromeDome  We dont need Half breed ENTPs running around being mods for us.   I nominate Calysco, SimulatedWorld, and myself.  *Puts battle armor on*
That was an awesome post.
yea, well you love this micro penis.  How x91bout that????
Wondering what is wrong with sex, sex, sex...  :-D
ENTPs rock.  ENTJs rule.  I have no interest in all the responsibility.  Welcome to the forum!
Wondering how Ive only racked up 400 posts...
Another Pet Peeve: Reminding myself of pet peeves.
Stranger than your sympathy This is my apology I'm killing myself from the inside out And all my fears have pushed you out  I wish for things that I don't need All I wanted And what I chase...
As an ENTJ, I have to say that were very self centered and it comes off as being very mean.   Is the ENTJ youre thinking of a female?
The idea of being able to feel to completely control my emotions to the point where I can turn the on and off at will is definitely a fantasy.  Havenx92t seen the movie though.  Looks interesting.
Well besides all that have been mentioned...  I cant stand when someone types alot. Hyperbole and a Half: The Alot is Better Than You at Everything  I also cant stand when someone says,...
If youre a close friend or more, then hugs are fine; otherwise, you shouldnt touch me.
This thread brings tears to my eyes...
Top 5 Characteristics  Mercurius Mercurius Mercurius Mercurius Mercurius  Top 5 Physical Features
This resonates with me.  I tend to be the problem-solver who wants to help the person with their issue, instead of just sitting there and soaking it up like an emotional tampon.  There are times...
Grey,  Sweet 16.  Legal in most countries and several states.  I could write about all the things I like about you, what you mean to me, etc upon etc.  Instead, Im going to just say Happy...
Again, why are you doing this?  He may have started it, but youre 35 years old!!!   You should know better.  If you want to piss him off more then just ignore him.   Good advice that you may not...
Why are you wasting your time again?  Whatx92s the point?  I donx92t want an answer.   Thanks!
I got the Best personality :-D
Yes :blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed::blushed:
I believe that you believe you donx92t personally see anyone lesser than yourself; however, I donx92t believe it one bit.
This is what we call a lie.
Ive never done this intentionally.  Besides, 90% of the time it wouldnt matter.  People are going to do whatever the hell they want despite what you have to say.  I just give advice to hear...
No :crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy::crazy:
:sad:  It might have to do with Ne.  We remember just enough to get the jist of an idea, and then we let our Ti make the connections for us.  Maybe?
Oh come on!  That canx92t be all you see from talking to me!
Hey hey...   This thread needs to be moved to the debate forum! No debating from INFPs or any other type please.  Keep this on track.    PRIVATE FORUMS FOR EVERYONE!!!!!!!!
Oh come on!  Donx92t throw logic into this!!  I want a private forum too!!!!
This is such an exciting idea!  I want to petition for a PRIVATE intelligence sub forum.  In this area you must take a timed IQ test before making ANY type of post.  I think a simple test of...
I was thinking the same thing.  I took this test based on my experience with an ESFJ.  This would of been a lot different based off my relationship with an INTJ and my age.
According to your questionnaire responses, your attachment-related anxiety score is 3.67, on a scale ranging from 1 (low anxiety) to 7 (high anxiety). Your attachment-related avoidance score is 4.25,...
YouTube - Total Eclipse of the Heart: Literal Video Version  Its all been done... Its all been done... Its all been done before......  I watched the Gaga video and then somehow got to this...
I am Astaroth, the Shadowlord of Hatred.  I live as a physical manifestation of the darkness that reside in the souls of this kingdom. I am true evil and can never be destroyed... ...
Im a 7w8, 3w4, 8w7.  Ive heard arguments that I may be a 3w4 before a 7w8; however, I havent seen enough evidence to conclude that is true.  Regardless, Ive been told that Id be the...
My bad for not specifying.  I assumed that nobody would think I jumped off a 40x92 high cliff into nothing... and be here posting about it....   Yes!  Lots of water.
Why would you need a rope?  Donx92t jump in like an idiot and there should be no problem.  The rope could actually cause more problems: snagging on other rocks, snapping, etc.    Ix92d be more worried...
You have no clue how right he is.   I constantly find things Im afraid of and go face my fears.  Afraid of heights?  Jumped off a 40 cliff.  Afraid of small, dark, and cramped places?  Went...
Wow, and not a Single ESFJ responds.  Maybe theyre all out having sex right now...
I get caught off guard when a certain INTJ robot shows any type of serious emotion at all.  The rare instances make me feel like Im witnessing a special moment in time.  I also appreciate them...
You know youre an ENTP when you think all the negatives about your personality type are positives too.  Wait...wrong thread!"


3720: 'I can't tell if you're the most clever person ever   Or if that was just a very convenient typo.    Either way. Props.    Myself, I definitely have perfectionist tendencies but only when it's...
I question my extroversion frequently. When I'm with good friends, sure, I'm a pretty clear extrovert. But a lot of the time when people I'm not really good friends with try to talk to me I just sort...
Sounds to me like you need to move out. I had a lot of family problems last year which climaxed in my dad declaring that he never wanted to see me and kicking me out.  It sucked at first, sure. But...
I set very loud, varied alarms all over the fucking place I can only turn them off once I finish whatever I need to do (or if I haven't finished and they go off I set them to go off again in 20mn or...
Tim Minchin. ALWAYS Tim Minchin.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvtR6RS9XEw&feature=related
For a very long time, it was violin. And then I went out into the real world.  So mostly now I draw, I occasionally write stories, and I'm pretty damn good at tetris.
You sound bitter.   I've been at the point where I just give up on a person. And while that means I stop wanting to be around the person, that doesn't mean that I forget them all together. I don't...
I can't hold grudges. And it really ticks me off sometimes. But I just can't do it. And I suppose that's ultimately for the better.  Though, when I DO get really angry, I tend to let it all out in a...
I dunno. I just had this giant wtf moment.  I was telling my boyfriend about how I was super excited about this new violin piece I finally got today.  And he told me that my interest binging...
I think that people should always strive to learn more. That does not necessarily mean that INTPs should become more extroverted. Just that they ought to seek an understanding of how the extroverted...
Well I can understand why you think that everything to be invented has been invented, as the sheer number of inventions out there is overwhelming, but that's simply not true.  There is always a way...
b ten char.
well I know you said not to get into this but I do harm people just for kicks sometimes. But in that sense harm just means I make their lives a little bit more difficult--hiding their homework...
Family is just a random group of people that you are forced to put up with.
You sound like an ENTP to me.  We're often classified as the most introverted of the extroverts if that makes you feel a little bit more sure.
Y'know, I hate to say it, and maybe (hopefully) I'm alone in this, but over the years I've developed a huge distaste of people. I get sick of their lies, false pretenses, and generally selfish...
Let's just say that I keep a fairly organized version of my bucket list on MS Word. It's 4 pages long :)
My parents are moving from the US to Canada in the middle of my senior year. They're letting me pick whether or not I go. But they keep giving me shit about how I'm irresponsible and unfit to live...
Great post! I've also learned that one of the best ways to do well in a class is to stop stressing about what grade you get and simply learn because you want to.  Not only do I know more now, I...
I took an emotional IQ test or something like that once. It called me a neanderthal. I got an 18. Not too bad I guess.
I definitely get an ENFP vibe from Obama maybe ENFJ.  Not so much ENTP. He wants to help people feel better about things way too much to be a T.
The title of this thread makes me grimace every time. Plus I figure that in the last 8 months this guy has probably worked SOMETHING out.  Can we please stop bumping it?
Do you consider yourself a masochist or are you just lying about being an ENTP?
I come up with stuff. Finishing that stuff is where the INTJs come in.
there are quite a few on Netflix iirc.
......yes.
Interesting plot so far--it's quite interesting. Definitely a bit confusing at times, but interesting.  But your phrasing and sentence structure is a little bit awkward at times. Not improper, mind...
I watch physics lectures on youtube. It might be nerdy but walking in to class knowing random tidbits that my prof. doesn't even know makes me feel fantastic. That and it's pretty interesting.
So much awesome jammed in one piece of furniture. Am I finally in Heaven?
I'm too hipster for facebook statuses.
Two reasons: 1. I don't like being controlled by anything that isn't me. That means addictions don't sit too well with me. 2. There are so many drugs that are SO much more fun.
I'm not a hypochondriac I just think I have 10 very serious illnesses at any given time.  Seriously.  But to the point, I agree with BusinessMan. It's a very N condition.
LoL is a MOBA (: not MMO. Nice try, though.
Drop the lame MMOs. It's all about Starcraft and LoL.
I watch a lot of Doctor Who, NCIS, Bones, Leverage, Suits, and the first few seasons of House. I also agree with Sheppard on Black Adder.  And a lot of people tell me Big Bang Theory is fantastic...
I don't like folding enough to be good at poker.
What, like, running your legs through a taffy puller or something? I just can't see any ENTPs springing for height enhancement surgery..  To answer your question: 5'8 and height is generally...
I've noticed that the smartest kids in all of my AP classes tend to be NTs Specifically, the kids who really don't care enough to study but still manage to slaughter every curve.  It led me to...
I like looking at clothes and I like having new things what I do not like is giving other people money make sense?
I have no idea how I come off to people simply because I honestly do not give a flying rat's ass what they think. They either like me for me or they don't.
TPlume My dad's actually a chemist (: but a good friend of his was a recruiter who dabbled in MBTI  & Weaknesses for me were controlling my ego (which never really existed, but I put on the act),...
I, myself, kind of bridge the two which kind of makes me think it might be ennegram related as, depending on my mood, I either test as a 3w2 or a 7w8 (when I'm feeling either studious or just want to...
Well when I was young (about 8 or so) my dad introduced it to me. He pegged me as a pretty solid ENTP even before I took the test.   I forgot about it for a few years, and then thought of it again...
'Sup 3w2 as well.
I think we like romance, we just prefer it in our heads rather than our hearts. Maybe I'm wrong. Long, philosophical discussions is more my kind of thing than expensive dinner dates and flowers.
I always thought ENTPs like the grey area. This seems kind of.... binary?
wait... you wont let him hold your hand after a couple of dates? He probably thinks he's getting friendzoned so hard.  Just explain it to him. But seriously... not letting him hold your hand???
For guys, INFJ women seem to be pretty commonly accepted as the natural partner But I've heard of many ENTP women preferring INTJs. It's all about preference.  Generally INFJs will be found in...
Google sounds good.
http://www.politicalcompass.org/facebook/pcgraphpng.php?ec=6.82&soc=-5.32 It's about 1.5 more libertarian than the last time I took it a few years ago. Perhaps I have become more cynical about...'"


3727: 'Huh, no-one? Iam also interested if the premiums are worth.
Can I have a coffe?
Iam going to read/listen the novel, so I wonder in before about his personality.
So, what is your advice when you have to finish a plate?
Oh come on, my mind is suicidal all the time, but Iam still on my feet prepared to fail again. :-P http://i.imgur.com/WjQ9c.jpg  My point is, I can't say or judge how funny I can be or what I can...
Ok, you got me. But still better than just bitching about the thread. At least you are posting pretty gifs.
The video makes basics philosophy statements in a kids-show graphic and you are starting with Sin, Cos graphs. This is the flow of discussion I had in my mind. :-)
Alright mister Intuitive Argument, then tell me your reason why is this video so uninteresting?  They are showing what you already know? Or do you not agree with their theories? Do you don't like...
Well, It is a theory from first thoughts about the show. But most of cartoons (Or stories in general) works under some directing/scripting rules;  And I can see character similarities in the Steven...
So do you agree with my post?
OK, Just got sucked into that show because of a audio track of pink lion mane. XD So I have just seen about first 10 episode and there must be some cartoon fact to with to get their characteristics....
True.
Ok, show me a better example please.
typical
Damn it! I can't edit the first comment of mine? I want to pin up the good comment, or copy-paste to the first page. is there a possibility?
Well, I was expecting someone (For example you) do a similar thing, post a video reference and do some witty comment to it.  http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/187/266/1194053426501.jpg
Can anyone do Dark Souls 1 characters? :-D
Oh! An introduction thread! I guess It is my turn as well!  Basic Questions: 1) Age or Age Range? About 30 2) City, Country and/or Region? Heart (buttcrack) of Europe, Czech. 3) Tell us...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNhhvQGsMEc No-one sending us messages, no-one answering our calls. We may be completely alone. - That Iam not getting any calls or messages it doesn't mean there...
My old engraving. joewere.deviantart.com/art/Mountain-Dragon-Engraving-438457960  http://pre11.deviantart.net/4937/th/pre/f/2014/064/1/a/mountain_dragon_engraving_by_joewere-d791obs.png
Cynical, straight-forward. South park/House MD kind of... Sometimes I make connections to different thoughts or references and had to laugh in my mind to myself, if it is something other will not...
Iam Joe and My long time nickname is Weredragon; I guess because Iam schizophrenic dragon lover. When I was learning how to draw, it is more easy or accepting to draw a bad anatomy on fantastic...
So why he is INTJ? What are your clues?
Yes, that is exactly the point. You finish your tasks because you developed yourself. :-) You were working on your weakness.  Do you have some creative related tasks that depends on your...
That Saitama avatar just suits you. :-)
Well I'll use one of those citations from 16personalities: Can Find It Difficult to Focus  The same flexibility that allows ENTPs to come up with such original plans and ideas makes them readapt...
That neverending problem of ENTP. Right?  Well I think this thread is needed (if it is already here, tell me and Ill delete it) First what hit me to start this thread is this video:...
Where did you get that hunter thing?   Yeah. the forum doesn't want to cooperate with me.
Drunk Parrot: You sir are some fast learner!  P.S.: I almost Laughed my ass off. P.S.S.: About that Math problem, just use Zequals instead of Equals; That's a good start how to Bendover some math.
How do ENTPs engage in conversation with complete strangers? - In any place like subway or waiting room where strangers are I notice some kind of detail which initiate an interest in me; It could...
Hard to describe for me what is in fact a meditation and what is not. But Iam interested in martial art, where I understand meditation as a tool of will; understanding your body and its limits and...
How do I look? scontent-frt3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/994120_10201259910083553_107060997_n.jpg?oh=b1d8ad68e6dda68979c905a0dec26ce7&oe=57D74C47 ...
About numbers and math, I like this little helper:  Zequals and Estimation - Numberphile  youtu.be/aOJOfh2_4PE
I can autopsy, disassemble and molest everything my mind will land on. All thoughts, theories, theologies and opinions can lay in front of me and the first thing I will say will be: Bend over.
I know I have dreams; Everybody has dreams. But I know what you are talking about. Long time ago When I had more dreams (and nightmares) I was starting to examine dreams, experimenting with dreams....
Sleep is for the weak.  - But hey, When Iam going to bed, Iam sleeping quite dead (with a video playlist marathon turned on).
For ten years since my high school I didn't know what kind of career I should do; Now Iam doing metal crafting, but still had to think about how to develop my career to the next level. I know and...
Iam voting this as ENTP theme song because of Weird Al and because One day I wanna make a photo/video montage with this music of all my crazy shows, cosplays and creations I ever done!  Weird Al...
From this video I got the sense he must be NT! Breaking rules (P?), thinking outside of box, Thinking about impossible like what if. The talking about what people says you can't, but if he will do...
Hi, I wonder if there are some ENTP from czech republic or city Prague specifically. It could be fun to know more friends with the same need to autopsy some topics with a cup of coffe.  Zdravm,...
Iam making my personal ENTP playlist. Iam looking for some new things around here and there. If there is some track you don't agree with or know about something more to add to it please, share your...
OK, I guess I can tell my piece of story here to you all, because It has been quite a emotional journey for me. Iam ENTP. Now I know. I know it for a month, more or less. Did the information change...
AvocatInTraining :Hi, Iave read you comment about your parents are ESTJ and ISTJ and you yourself are ENTP. I would like to talk more about it because I think we have the same situation and perhaps...'"


3735: 'The big one is this: Be more INFJ! And find us. You people are awesome!   Find an ENTP. I love meeting INFJs in those developmental years. It's really fun to try to push past the preachiness and...
Distant how? Unwilling to talk at all, or emotionally distant? ENTPs I know are unlikely to engage emotionally in online chat with someone we don't know well. And to avoid generic hey what's up? nm...
God yes. Too familiar.  With the lower level stuff, you can just coast and it requires little effort. Then you reach a point where you actually have to start being methodical and detail-oriented...
I do this too often. To postpone feeling, I just go off and do something awesome. And then something else awesome. Or front. Etc. (Barney from HIMYM really exemplifies this)  Those rare times...
Boobs Scotch Microfinance Thom Yorke Imagination
Math/economics ENTP here. I know many people in math who are INTPs though. It may be the school I was at, but most of the profs and postdocs were introverts.   I found stats people there were...
I noticed it quickly, mostly because you mentioned I should be looking for something strange. But my Se is lousy. Especially if I'm driving, people will constantly be talking about landmarks or...
If you are an INFx, you can tell he likes you by how much he tries to entertain you, often through his interactions with others. Also, look for actions. ENTPs are typically flaky with most friends...
MBTI: ENTP  Likes: Math (stochastic calculus, quantitative risk, abstract algebra, number theory, dynamics) Economics/Econometrics  Physics (quantum physics, string theory) Organic Chemistry...
We ENTPs are often indecisive, especially early in life. He may have not wanted to deal with all the baggage that comes with a post-honeymoon relationship and yet still have genuine feelings for you....
The Brain that Changes Itself -- a book about neuroplasticity and adults that have overcome remarkable neurological defecits through exercises that stimulate brain development
The Artist.  Definitely deserved best picture. It's such a challenge for modern actors to convey a story without sound, and they pulled it off really well.
Back already? You struck out pretty fast and gave up pretty early. Guess you're still just a little kid.
No! You people are not socially awkward! You are mad sexy, deep, and incredibly fascinating.
She is WAY too extroverted to be an INTP. And emotive. She must be an F.  Maybe Ne and Fi?
Simple answer: Become an ISTJ
Closed-mindness and inability to see logic when right in front of them  (yup, that covers both the Ne and Ti)
Self (unless I can strategically gain something I want by siding with others)  How is this actually a question in an ENTP forum?
Damn bayesians. Theories are better.
On a scale of 1-10:  e
Confirmed. If you want to have a real chat, face-to-face. If you're ironing out plans, texting is easier because then you just stick to the facts.   I think the big thing for me is that phone calls...
I appreciate the advice. Thanks.  I currently work in an environment where creativity and innovation do not seem to be encouraged and people are evaluated almost solely on showing up for things on...
He could have also meant (3s, -5) * (8, s-2).  Or cross product!  So many possibilities.
Didn't mean to be bitching. Removed. And yes, reflecting back objectively, it's completely ridiculous to not accept other types for not accepting a type. LOL. Thank you all for responding rationally...
How would you go about setting up this problem in general?   Step 1: Define X, Y and Z to be whatever the question asks you to solve for.   You're asked to find litres of milk drank by each...
LOL @ drunk 4 am post.  EDIT: (Irrelevant hungover venting removed)
A lot of cognitive science is based on linguistics. I read a really interesting book on cognitive linguistics and how it can be used to deconstruct messages used in public discourse and uncover...
What are good qualities of ENTPs? What do people like about ENTPs you know? What do you like about being an ENTP?  I need a pick me up. I'm in a pretty dark place right now. There are many reasons...
I wish I was a little bit taller, I wish I was a baller, I wish I had a girl... she don't have to look good I'd still call her Also, Brett Fielding is a pig-f**ker  Oh, sorry, I thought this was...
Existence XXD
An Inconvenient Truth  ZING!
I'd love to see that. The problem is, North American high schools suck at teaching math. So people taking 1st year Econ just don't have sufficient comfort with math, and the Universities are forced...
Hmm.. I can see Peter's strong Ne but his Ti is nonexistent. This is probably what happens to an ENTP who is petarded and unable to lean on their Ti, falling into a hilarious mess Ne-Fe.
If you can deal with extreme work pressure and potentially soullless work, work as a stock broker or a quant on Wall Street for 5 years, save up 7 figures in the bank, and then quit and take up a...
The Batman/Bruce Wayne comparison is interesting. Unlike Clark  Kent/Superman (both are Is), Bruce Wayne is intentionally an E because  it is expected in high society -- millionaire recluses raise...
Hmm good points. I agree she's less introverted than Dawn and less extroverted than Faith. Either a weak E or weak I.  Contrasted with Kendra, she's very ESFP for a Slayer (she actually has ...
Good point. In flashbacks to her LA days she seems the most E - she describes her old self as like Cordelia. But we never actually see her like that in the present. I wonder how much of that is just...
ESFP just Se-Fi instead of Fi-Se... Hmm.. I could buy that.   Why do you think she's an E? She doesn't really care about social status, belonging, or what others think. Like most Is, she keeps a...
Other Buffy characters.  Willow - INFJ. I can see why people would think NT, but Nis can be quite academically brainy too. She's a huge people pleaser in the earlier seasons. This could just be...
Glad to see this thread up :) I love Buffy and Angel.   I'm going to disagree with most on Buffy's type.  I see her as a lone wolf. I think she's actually quite anti-social. She's very...
Glad to see this thread up :) I love Buffy and Angel.   I'm going to disagree with most on Buffy's type.  I see her as a lone wolf. I think she's actually quite anti-social. She's very...
Answers in bold.  1) What do you look for in a girl?          Not a relationship.         Also, someone who doesn't use bulleted lists on a platform that loves raping people with autoformatting...
You're thinking of education in terms of technical college or an apprenticeship. Maybe that's where you should go.  University is not for everyone, which is why it is not compulsory. Some people see...
The title says it all. Seriously. Where are you hiding?
Don't be fecetious!
I would say if you're going to college on some other pretense, then you're being extremely stupid.   College is not meant to prepare you for life. You are not getting a degree in life. You are...
Yeah, who needs chartered accountancy. Useless skill. No real world application. Also, given our economic situation, I'm glad people think business  ethics is a useless topic.    You get dumber...
The abstract algebra (i.e. groups, rings, etc.) that they teach at an undergraduate level seems fairly useless on the surface, but it's actually used to do things like solve ridiculous Differential...
To clarify, I did not mean robot in a derogatory sense, but in reference to your avatar.  Determined it was BS on what grounds? That is, you know, the relevant part. Without reference to evidence...
To put things in perspective, up here, entry-level teachers in their FIRST year of work make $90k in igloo territory...   $70-80 in remote rural communities with shortages. More like $60 in most...'"


3737: 'Why isn't anyone answering the P.S. question?
Why wouldn't you want to live in a fake world,especially if that fake world effectively conceals from you the fact that it is fake while also giving you every comfort/pleasure possible?
Interesting answer,but walking away with the information back to where you came from is equivalent to walking back to the fake world and hence is the same as choosing the blue pill,right?   ...
The pills are probably just supposed to be story telling devices which highlight the choice Neo's got to make here.  Besides, practical stuff about how the pills would take effect are just...
Why does it fucking suck? (it is comfort after all)
You misunderstand the term if you were Neo.  This is meant to make you think of a hypothetical scenario where your mind(and the memory,reasoning capacity,etc that go along with it) is placed in...
I just watched The Matrix(awesome movie,spoilers ahead btw),and here's the clip where Morpheus asks the million dollar question: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9vGMMPM5Lg  So if you were...
ENTPs at what age did you lose your virginity? (non ENTPs could reply too;there might be interesting correlations)   Okay,here's a P.S. question: How many people have you had sex with?  (be...
There is an absolute definition for where the map is:it's in a small room in Washington.  You could fix the room and the location of the map inside the room anywhere you like as long as this...
WOW okay,I don't know what to say.I'm going to read all of it now,but before any of that,hats off to Jamaia for having the courage to go through with all the math and for writing it all down in...
Yeah well,this shows that if a homothetic centre does exist,then there can be only one of them.It doesn't show that there has to be one in the first place.
So metaphors transcend logic?
Okay since this is the best response so far I'll go through each bit of it.The first sentence is again a misunderstanding of what point means,cos since the map is a set of points,the exact...
I'm the Messiah of PerC!:laughing:
LOL, nice restatement of the problem.
wtf?
The ad infinitum is what convinced me you had almost got it.What you've got to prove now is that repeating this process infinitely would shrink the map to an actual geometric point.
Okay this is just stupid.In the last,modified part of your proof,aren't you assuming that the physical points are all located on the line z=0?  In other words aren't you assuming that the whole...
It's the same old misunderstanding of point again.The exact location of MAP on MAP wouldn't be a point,it would still be a set of points,which you've got to show reduces to a single point. ...
You're right in saying that there is a homothety that takes the map to the real country.  But you've got to show that rotating the map when it's not properly oriented would still keep the centre of...
This is the post in which you almost got the solution.The first sentence of the post is precisely the idea you need for the solution.  As for the rest of the post,I don't see how the fact that a...
Hey people,I'm back again from selling nukes(the Israeli commander was so pleased he gave me a few of his concubines and a lifelong supply of candyfloss). I never dreamed this thread would get so...
A map of the US is laid out in a small square room in Washington.  Prove that there exists exactly one point on the map whose corresponding real location coincides with that point itself.  (for...
What the title says.(tritype 7w6 sp/sx 9w8 3w2 specifically)
Bernard Black (Black Books)  Chandler Bing (Friends)  Rick Sanchez (Rick and Morty)  Howard Wolowitz (The Big Bang Theory)
This is might sound pretty :crazy: but I've always had this thing where I feel like I can't be bothered to go out and interact with people but on the occasions on which I do so,I always end up...
Well it's a long time since I've looked at this thread after posting it,but it seems like a lot of people have had trouble getting what womanizing means.And Bugs pointed out (quite rightly too) that...
How about a general target(a hypothetical person having qualities from all the 16 types)?
Which 4 of the 16 types would you list as the best charmers?  Here's mine:  1.ESTP 2.ENFP 3.ENTP 4.ESFP
By your reasoning,if the logical inversion of the two members of the dichotomy doesn't matter and if all that matters is the preference of one of them over the other,then we could choose any two...
I agree that introversion and extroversion could be considered complementary,but then the whole individuality vs conventionality thing seems shaky.  Think of a hypothetical society where everyone...
The examples you gave show in general why the introverted and extroverted versions of the same function can't be used at once.But these don't show why the two functions are logical negations of each...
Note that here I'll be referring specifically to the I/E,N/S,T/F,P/J scales and not the functional stacking interpretation although what follows probably applies to the functional stuff as well. ...
This is something I just thought of.  ENTPs,being extroverts after all, are more likely to spend their time interacting with other people or doing some project than hanging out on a forum right?So...
Well an ISFJ reading an ENTP post would obviously be undetectable if all they do is read the post without replying in return.But if this alleged ISFJ does post something in return then the post would...
I don't remember any quotes in particular,but if this essay doesn't summarize the ENTP mindset I don't know what does:  http://http://www3.nd.edu/~afreddos/courses/264/fmw.htm
The above title is just an interesting one designed to attract more views and has nothing to do with what follows(or maybe it does):proud:.  The actual question at hand is: Are we what we post? ...
This could be called an extension of the old ENTP enneagram list.You could test your tritype here :  Personality Types: PSTypes Enneagram Test - Enneagram and Myers Briggs  Here's mine...
Master Yao here is the best example I can think of for someone who's reached the purpose of life.  Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness Episode 20 My Favorite Yao | Watch cartoons online, Watch...
Having an Indian family experience would influence your behavior consciously or subconsciously and would make it resemble the behaviour of the typical Indian more closely than before.So in this...
So what do you suggest?If you're suggesting that we should just not think about it cos it's ultimately pointless,then I couldn't disagree more.We will never understand any objective meaning to life...
Well the Pness comes with both it's strengths and weaknesses,so...
Changing of personality could be interpreted as the balance or unbalance of certain functions but a sufficiently large extent of this would make you change your type.For an example,an ENTP who...
If all you're saying is that MBTI type is unlikely to change then I agree.But if you mean that MBTI types of people would never change over time then I don't really agree.Thinking style is a vague...
MBTI certainly is a good model to explain the behaviour of people,much in the same way that science is a good way to explain the processes of nature.This does not mean that these models have an...
But don't you think that the dutiful life or the life of sacrifice is the Path because they bring the person living those kinds of lives happiness?I mean would a dutiful life be a person's path if...
Excitement about new possibilities definitely brings happiness so I do agree with what you first said.  But as to being perpetually happy,the happiness you get after triumphing in some fight is...
https://www.google.lk/url?sa=i&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=images&cd=&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwil2pLlmOXJAhXBS44KHQxsDeEQjRwIBw&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhubpages.com%2Fart%2FTwo-Faces-or-a-Vase-10-Simple-but-Wond...
I agree entirely,which is why MBTI would be at most,a rough approximation to the map of the mind(sort of like the treasure maps you see in movies).It is for this reason that predicting the...
Chaotic good'"


3745: 'The person who said When people say you don't care but you really do, you just don't express it in the way they want you to is so true
40 % ENTP 15% ENFP 15% INTP 8% ESTP 5% ENTJ  Hmmm interesting, especially the ENTJ part lol
Oh and I also have type 4 enneagram, which may make it seem like I'm more in touch with feelings
Hmmm now you're making me think lol. When I take the cognitive function tests I'm extremely low in Te and honestly hate everything it stands for when I read up about it ? My dad's girlfriend is...
Type:ENTP Degree: For now Associate's in Psych, and on to getting my Bachelor's in Psych and with a minor possibly in Marketing or Philosophy I want to either be a therapist or do something in...
Thanks for the help guys! ENTP it is lol
Why do you think ENFP? Yeah not sure how I ever thought I was introverted lol
Here are some questions I answered and Copied and Pasted. I know it's a bitch to read, but don't blame me, blame the original poster :p ok, anywayy here it goes. My perceived types are either ENTP...
hm I'd say IFJ; not sure about S or N
frustrated
Nothing...does that mean no one likes me? :sad: lol  Compliment I've received in the past was that I was funny and witty/entertaining
Introversion (I):9 versus Extroversion (E):13 Sensing (S):6 versus Intuition (N):17 Thinking (T):12 versus Feeling (F):9 Judging (J):6
Trice to Trick
Doom  lol
Type most likely to argue with everyone and then after, wonders why everyone is upset ENTP  *Guilty* :eek:
ESTJ  type most likely to tell you what to do and how to do it by following the rules
I dreamed that I won a contest to meet Marilyn Manson, but before I could get home and actually have a conversation with him he left. Wanna meet him so bad lol
a cheese quesadilla..Mexican food is my shit
Social Anxiety, lack of motivation, and being impulsive
Did you meet this guy on here? If not, how does everyone else know if he is attracted to you or not? If it's an in person thing, they aren't there with you when you guys talk so who cares what they...
I have a higher pain tolerance for Physical so I'd say Mental is worse because it messes with you more. Physical most of the time is quick and short lived, unless you have a severe health problem or...
Nope, just you on here. If the same person keeps texting me long paragraphs I do though. I end up waiting a week before I respond again...maybe not a week, but you get what i mean :P
Well I'd say I'm pretty annoying in general lol I seem to annoy SJ's the most though. I think for me personally, it's annoying that I don't commit to many things, and the fact that I always seem to...
I know people get annoyed with me easily because of my tendency to argue. I've never been called a bitch, jokingly all the time yes, but not seriously. I definitely think I can be an ass sometimes....
I'd say NT's and NF's. I say this because I am one and I can conclude it's true :laughing:
Thinking about the work I should be doing but I'm looking up Try not to laugh challenges on Youtube :rolleyes:
1) When they are fake, or talk about meaningless shit (gossip, oh look how nice the weather is today, etc) 2) Not at all 3) I'm not sure since a lot of people I get along with haven't taken the...
The facial feature thing is cool to think about, but I think it's a bunch of bs. Anyone can be any one of these personality types, depending on their environment, style of learning, what their...
Lol YES!! All intuition is, is another way of looking at things, a different perspective. I think the same about sensors, I wonder how it is to see the world through their way of processing and...
Three Days Grace- one of my favorite bands of all time (with the old lead singer)
When you alternate between wanting to talk to every human you come in contact with, and then wanting to ignore every human you come in contact with...Confusing :unsure:
Yes I'm the same exact way you are. It's almost like my mind and my body are 2 separate things at times. Yesterday I was editing a YouTube video for hours and got so immersed in this that I forgot to...
Are you emotionally and physically 'close' to your Family, or are you a bit distant in your interactions with them? Nope and nope. My mother I cut all ties with for the most part, and the rest of my...
Cashier....*vomits*
hmmm I'm not 100% sure, but I think at times this happens to me. I would say I like the innocence of certain things because most of the world is the exact opposite. It can be very fucked up. When...
Lol any type can be a jerk. Someone being an asshole is determined by the individual, not really their type. But if you're looking for the stereotypical mbti asshole, then yes, a lot of people say...
I think everyone has a purpose- whether that be good or bad depends on their choices made. Whether we like it or not, bad people need to be here just as much as good. So yes, all life is valuable one...
Nope I agree with you actually. 1 on 1 is so much better communication-wise, you can really get to know someone so much better this way. Big groups are better for events like if you were to go to a...
You need to realize if he doesn't want you, it isn't on you. You have a lot to offer and if you are offering that to someone and they don't take it, it's their loss. You'll find someone who...
ENFP's fo sho! My best friend is ENFP and we just understand each other really well. Never had that level of understanding with anyone else. I help her be more direct and she helps me be more caring....
I am ENTP and could see myself in your description, but at the same time I'm not a Trump fan. I think he has good ideas about certain things, but I disagree with him the majority of the time. I was a...
ISFJ's and I tend to disagree on a lot, me being an ENTP. As an individual person however, I think they are great people deep down. They are very giving, always making sure everyone is ok and...
Unfortunately he will not change unless he goes and gets help on his own (but then he would have to realize he is at fault, which would be almost impossible for a narcissist to do, therefore it most...
Stone Temple Pilots and A Day to Remember
I'm still not 100% sure but I know I'm definitely more confrontational than the ENFPs I know usually are. I also love debating, and it seems to annoy any feeling types because they take it personally...
Omg without even reading the response you had I was going to say the same exact thing! Personality Hacker is definitely the best one. 16 personalities is good to start off and get an idea of what...
1) my entire childhood...lmao (up until 20 years old)  2)The source of the dysfunction was primarily my mother who suffers from NPD (Narcissistic Personality Disorder). Tried to forget about it or...
ISFJ's strongly value commitment in all aspects of their lives- whether it be relationships, learning something new, their job(s), etc.  My ISFJ dad gets annoyed with me since I never commit to...
1) What is your perceived mbti type? How certain are you of this assertion? Initially I was typed as INFP. As I got to know myself more and was able to answer the questions on the MBTI tests more...
In my mind, constructive criticism is great when people do it correctly. It is all about how things are said. Obviously if you tell someone You're so stupid or something they are going to get...'"


3748: 'Tell me about it!!
When I apologised for upsetting her I said I based it on what I would have wanted if I was in the same situation, and said I now know that she would rather not know.  I even asked her if I found out...
you can't spell cu*t with out u in it..... harsh one
There was a guy at my school with 7 fingers I named him 7up, 20 years later we still call him that
I've found out one of my close friends boyfriend of 9 years had been seeing one of my other friends on the side.  I told my ESFJ room mate what happened as I thought it best her know so she doesn't...
Is it better to tell someone the truth even though it will hurt them in the short term but help them in the long term or watch them be made a fool of?
I've literally tried most of them already.  I really do want her to be happy and move on with her life Iam beginning to think deep down she enjoys the pain at least she feels connected to him.  Crazy
See where it goes however most people have traits that are slightly annoying but when in a relationship we will put up with.  If there is one thing that is a deal breaker eg not ambitious or doesn't...
I should add the guy is famous in the music industry.... she defo likes the status of it.
I don't think I'm controling but I call situations as they are and i know i can be to blunt for some personalities but I always end up explaining that I don't mean to be mean, its to help them, its...
I've known her for 2 years shes been with the guy for 9 years. I just can't understand why she wouldn't want to know so shes not made a fool of. Thing is what would happen if she found out i knew...
Its getting fustraiting now, thing is she keeps going back for more its been 9 years!!!  Her life is on hold for him its crazy!!  I keep telling her people don't change so stop waiting it for it to...
I hate that I have the brains but non of the drive to stick at anything I do and once something no longer interests me I can deal with it I move on.  Both on areas of interests and people.  I don't...
Yes completly agree, also actions speak louder than words someone can tell me they love me but if there actions don't match up then I tend to walk away it takes a lot for someone to actually make me...
Ok.....just hit a brick wall with my ESFJ roommate and I need to know what you guys think of this situation and some advice. Basically the guy my ESFJ friend has been seeing for 9 years had been...
Yes this for me too, I hated being hugged I would literally run away!!  My parents said I never crawled, just went straight to walking.  I was late to talk but I was joining up words straight away. ...
I'm an NT too, not really good with people who are fundimentally irrational.  She is a great person until this guy is around her then she turns into a very unhealthy ESFJ who lashes out and blames...
I apologised for upsetting her and that it wasn't my intention.  She is her own worst enemy, although there comes a point where you have to get away from a relationship no matter how much it hurts. ...
Thanks, I just wanted to know I wasn't going crazy by telling her because the way she reacted was to completely blame me for upsetting her.  He has treated her so badly for years but she keeps going...
Ok need help, I'm currently having this argument with an ESFJ and there seems to be a logic bypass.  I'm ENTP so I know I can be quite blunt but I really did have the best intentions at heart... ...
Agreed.....but I'm sure there is another thread about how great ESFJ's are, this is the thread about the problems people have with ESFJ's?  Anyway help on how to handle this particular ESFJ...
Ok.....just hit a brick wall with my ESFJ roommate and I need to know what you guys think of this situation and some advice.  Basically the guy my ESFJ friend has been seeing for 9 years had been...
Mixed handed....use my right to write with left for everything else.
intelligent, funny and reliable!
My Mum is an ISFP, clashed like mad growing up.  She never confronted any problem where I made a point of confronting problems.  We're just two different people I accept it now and our relationship...
I either go one way or the other I either cut that person out of my life as much as possible (this is what I usually do, why waste time on someone I dislike!)  I only tend to like annoying people...
I'm not even joking when I say...... Happy Feet  *hang my head in shame*
Yes this...... also if a friend pisses me off one to many times or I think they have an ulterior motive for wanting to be my friend I'll just walk away and make new friends.
Everything you said I can relate to.  I too hate it when people feel sorry for me and I've the image of a girl who doesn't have problems and is there to help other people.  I think this image creates...
ESFJ's with out a doubt.  ESTJ (men) can piss me off too, you can't argue with them even if you undoubtedly prove them wrong they still won't admit it!! Its like banging your head against a brick...
Yep....exactly me all of the above.  I also eat more and if I'm under a sustained stressful situation all I want to sleep.  It helps me process whats going on.
If I'm interested and a subject or someone I can recall huge amounts of information, virtually everything with ease.  I also have a good memory for how things work.  Visual thinker.  However if...
Mother: ISFP Father: ENTP Sister: ESTJ Me: ENTP
Errrm people tell me I'm intelligent / Clever.  Even from a kid, it was the only compliment I seemed to get.  My opinion of myself is that I'm clever, I figure stuff out fast both academically and...
@Boy Wonder Are you ADHD by any chance?
I'm awful with directions....... and with my left and right!!!
I'm a cat person....I just love the little fuzz balls.    I read an article somewhere that said N's tend to prefer cats and S's tend to prefer dogs.
Depends how we broke up.  The quickest way to move on is detach completely and get rid of everything and focus on something else.  I don't do it in a bitter way but whats the point in having...
@Jennywocky  Read this link you'll find it interesting.....   http://personalitycafe.com/intp-forum-thinkers/116633-hey-guys-do-intps-have-trouble-direction-2.html
Oh and as for the poll I use pretty much both sides of my brain equally, I'm also mixed handed so that might have something to do with having no preference.
@WickedQueen  I've researched this subject A LOT.  The links below might help and I've just posted in a thread in the intp forum about the subject with a few more useful links to look at.  MBTI...
@justryLearning Styles  - click on left vs right link on the website.
OK this is simplified because I would be writing a novel if I went into detail.  Chances are you are either middle brained or right brained (if your left handed you are probably right brain dominant,...
Yep, that will do it. I didn't favour my right or left hand until I was at school.  I was never forced to write with my right hand but I think it could have gone either way and I just copied what...
I'm an ENTP, and I have major problems with directions I spend half my life lost !!!  I also have to double think my left and right, its not automatic.  I researched what was going on, basically...
Tested out of curiosity at 138 about a year ago.    The value of IQ tests to measure intelligence is debatable.......although I'm sure this has already been discussed in other threads.
Yep I get this a lot when I'm talking about a problem I talk about it objectively when my ENFP friend talks about a problem he talks about how it makes him feel.  I used to have a temper growing up...
ISFP's - are on another planet, my mother is one.  I actually can't remember a time we agreed on anything EVER.  Although I have to add there is never anything malicious its just we have completely...
Its really common to be come hypersensitive before an attack, I get it with smells, sound and light.  I usually just have to lock myself in a dark room until the migraine is over.
1. Hearing - 9 (ears like a bat, used to be super sensitive as a kid crying at loud noises) 2. Touch - 8 (again used to be super sensitive to being tickled or certain materials) 3. Sight - 8...'"


3760: 'Very. Next question
Well, after seeing what people say in this post let me set a few things clear:  Music is enjoyable because it releases dopamine in the brain (dopamine is the reward chemical of the brain). In...
Oh once my mom bought strawberries and whipped cream. I was really intrigued by the whipped cream and I took 2 lung-fulls. Besides a slight dissociation (walking was kinda weird) I haven't felt...
She's an... um... ENTittie I mean TP   http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-QcKTNK_92dg/T1T52iU1IpI/AAAAAAAAMcc/YRHq0a-Eyng/s1600/adriana%2Blima%2Bwallpaper-adrina_lima_wallpapers_31120112.jpg
Intelligent Good sense of humor Openness Nicegood heart Not too ugly if woman (sorry but true...) Adventurous and care-free Up for a good time  Deal breaker: secretly worships satan. Now...
When you think about it... I can not really relate. I mean, I'm very emotional (especially for an ENTP) and such but not to that extent.  It's overall healthy to cry sometimes and it shouldn't...
That actually made me laugh out loud
Dude that is a really awesome quiz you found there.  Benevolent Inventor is what I am.   Never knew something good could come out of ISxJ's. Sorry for racism
Hey guys! I wanted to make a poll to indicate whether or not ENTP's use psychoactives more often than other types.    Please Elaborate.
Country of origin: Israel  Country lived in the longest: Israel  Nationality: East European  (mostly Russian) Jewish. It also turns out I came from famous people. Look up The genius of Vienna ...
You also forgot about the best, biggest boobs of all: fat INTJ manboobs.   Edit: Sorry for double-posting
I like where you're going. REALLY like it:kitteh:
I just go apeshit on my Ne. Just kidding. When I was really young I did. That didn't have good consequences at all... although as the years went by I started grasping the whole Fe thing and using it...
I'm as secular as they go. No experimenting what-so-ever.
My age group mostly, though I usually get along with everyone very well (extremely social) most friends that aren't my age are a year below, less commonly a year above, and rarely 2 abovebelow. (I'm...
Many studies have been made about the correlation between music taste and personality. Guess what? In most of them, experienced psychologists (eg. big-name U's) have more accurately perceived...
Hey guys! Some of you who were active a few years back might remember this ENTP. I used to be very active here on these forums for quite some time, like a year or something. Anyways, I felt, somehow,...
Hugh Hefner #2. Or perhaps threaten Hugh Hefner #1 into becoming #2 and us #1.  Become a clean homeless that isn't alergic to deodorant Become a non-foreign cleaning lady (double out for me :P)...
A. Maybe you confused two with three? Maybe it's a mis-calculation? It's not absolute 100% that you're right. If you ask a 10 IQ retarded man this question he might calculate it badly. Although...
Yeah it's awesome. They called me sanguin, which is a little jumpy monkey (not a color) in Brazil.
Intelligent ones, and also people that I can see in their eyes that they're really good. They might bore me, but I'd always like them and at least be polite (try to, tact isn't my thing). Also ones...
I used to play an instrument, used to play sports, used to jog, used to do Capoeira for three years from 3rd to 5th grade (I can still do all the cool saumersalts and stuff), and when I was like 6...
Hey guys. first of all, I know I wasn't active in the last month but that's because I'm starting to get bored here. Anyhow, do you have any hobbies? Please don't get off-topic now, all you ENTP's,...
I would smile and just flow with him. lol.
You didn't understand what I meant.   It was off-topic. I meant to ask whether Fe and Si are, in general, an ENTP's weakness? Like, are Fe-skills weaker or stronger than most other types? I know...
^^ Yeah, I think it's about becoming more of a J and Fe. 100% P is pretty hard, and whatever you said happens to me all the time. I also have no tact, but I am sensitive and pretty soft-hearted, and...
Sorry for bumping this (not so) old thread, but I wanted to know, out of curiosity how'd you answer these questions:  1. If nothing is 100% certain, then doesn't fallibilism contradict itself?  ...
I believe the meaning of like is to maximize happiness, by maximizing enjoyment and minimizing pain, and every voluntary action we take follows a really simple and objective equation: enjoyment -...
I'm purely right handed, except when I jack off because I use the right hand for the mouse. I can't write with my left hand, and really really shitty motorical abilities with it. It's also weaker.  ...
That's wrong, here's the TRUE and UPGRADED list:  1.) Morally unique 2.) Great sense of humor 3.) Emotionally stable 4.) Rightfully expressive of their achievements 5.) Not superstitional...
And have hardcore german anal sex!
By order:   1. Skinny. But not too much... you know what I mean. 2. Nice ass 3. Hot legs 4. Naughty (and good at being naughty. Haha... an ironic statement) 5. Boobies 6. Face 7. Doesn't...
By order, from terrible to tottaly unbearable that makes me want to shoot them in the head.  5. SJ-ish kind of behavior. You know what I mean.  4. Superstitional idiots. I'm not talking about...
I'd just hope that you're really really hot
LOL! That's EXACTLY what I thought.   well, not exactly. More like what happens if I was a woman... I'd look in the mirror, and play with my (of course I would have big-ass titties) boobies ll...
Ah... first I asked what the LGBT?. After 2 posts: Ah I get it now....  Anyways, I have some opinions about the LGBT that you may not like.  First of all, I'm not racist (I call anti-gays...
Read only the first post and half the second... so much writings... lol. On the other hand, I can type people pretty good (I think).  Anyways, you shouldn't look at profiles as to describe you,...
lol... there are like 6 entp's in my grade alone. (100 kids)
Sunglasses ---> That way I can look at cleavage for hours without worrying about getting busted. (You have to look at the face, and then roll your eyes down)
Moreover, what I mean is that both Ne and Se are 2 different attitudes that are used in the same cirumstances. In other words, two different ways to treat the same circumstances. Same with Si and Ni,...
That's the whole point of these 2 threads. A Jungian cognitive function is not a skill, but a mindset. In other words, every one of the cognitive functions is basically a different point of view,...
Ohhhh.... so I get it now...   Ne is our mindset we prefer to WEAR in order to gather information from the outside world  Ti is the way, or mindset, that we prefer to wear use while thinking...
Spin-off of the direction thread.  So... do any of the ENTP's walk around for hours looking for their cars?     -My theory is that yes, because that purely depends on Si... our inferior...
Personally, my dad and I, two ENTP's... always forget where we parked the car. One time, when in a trip in LA after a Dodger's game (now I'm officially an American (J-K-!-!-!-!-!)), we looked two...
Spin-off of the direction thread.  So... do any of the ENTP's walk around for hours looking for their cars?     -My theory is that yes, because that purely depends on Si... our inferior...
lol... I don't even know what side of my house is the south one...
I'm good at building a mental map in my head and transforming verbal directions into a way more useful mental map. I'm also really really good at navigating (go army!). On the other hand, I'm really...
I like this thread!!!   When they say completely irrelevant stuff.  When he is completely oblivious to whether you're paying attention/annoyed by what he says/leave him hanging after he tells...
Cognitive functions tests ARE bullshit. Let me explain:                               ENTP  The N and T are your main 2 functions. You can't have Se there, even if you really think so. You...
Hahaha! When I was like, 10, I got DOA 2, and used to play it for hours... I was also the first one in my class to think girls are not gross. And I also started watching pr0n when I was in the 3rd...'"


3763: 'You are 47.2% Good.  You are 38.5% Lawful.  Alignment: Lawful Good  My results about 3 years ago:  47.2% good. 46.2% lawful.
Changing my core from 7w6 to 6w7 since I agree that it seems to fit me better (I really appreciate your help with that, Dark Romantic :P)     User Name  Tritype  Instinctual Subtype
I wrote this yesterday, but I've started to feel drained by the discussion and don't really wish to continue it like this. pm's or a less general thread might do.   possiBri  What was it that...
@Dark Romantic  I have a tendency to use words the same way other people use them, and that was the only way I could agree with those labels having anything to do with ENTP's, and I presumed that...
I guess I had the wrong definition in my head. Amoral to me sounded like having no intrinsic belief in the rightness of societal moral standards. Which is true for me. Like even if I had been born in...
Thanks, needed the feedback ><  @Monte This might disappoint you, but I don't want to ruffle anyone's feathers. I just know that I personally want clear cut opinions, and my post is lined with...
I wonder how you guys handle stuff like this, and how this colors your perception of me..  - I've yet to find any ENTP's online comments funny in any way - I think a majority of you on this forum...
I was way too slow and now my writing's outdated.. I'll post it anyway since I can't be bothered to redo it, and I'd like to defend carol's point without resorting to the thank system (I'm for some...
Are you guys bad at english or what? Synonyms/similar words are made to fit different contexts, and these differences are important if you want to convey your message as accurately as possible....
That rule makes sense to me since swearing isn't just about using specific words.  Instead of Get the ___ away from there! you're supposed to say Get away from there!.   Then another thing....
It makes more sense to keep permanent options unchecked so that those who don't want to use it, aren't forced to keep unchecking it every time they log in.
Haven't thought about this for real yet, but I dislike the idea of leaving myself behind in any way, so hopefully nothing has to be done or thought of that's got something to do with me. If I'm still...
My first mistype was INFJ, and while I read the description, I was like What, all these things that I've put loads of effort into figuring out were already a part of my personality to begin with?,...
Good/evil scale has nothing to do with MBTI btw. Just mentioning this to prevent harmful stereotyping.
that color is so last year..     I actually strive to be 100% honest on the internet :o . That saying would work as a joke in real life though.
Acts based on actual empathy aren't selfish. When I'm being empathic, I don't help some guy because it makes me feel good, I help because it will make him feel good. My actions are based on his...
I don't use any mind bending substances, nor do I smoke. I have nothing against alcohol though as long as it doesn't manage to affect me in any way.
Are you guys seriously thinking about tricking people for money? Screw you
These kind of jokes don't mix well with the internet. You can never know how many low-lives there are who'd actually listen to this kind of advice.
Considerate idealist.
Applause  I like seeing things I haven't seen or thought of yet and the concept was funny. My impulse reply would have been something like haha, nice one.  Edit: I wish I had been a minute...
The reason why I tell the truth and don't sugar coat things is because I think it's unfair against the people I'm competing with, and it's unfair against the company I'm trying to get into since...
I only troll when I'm 100% sure people will know I'm kidding.  I've yet to troll on the internet, but I do it frequently everywhere else.
aef8234: 7w6, 3w4, 8w7. Agent Blackout: 5w6/7w6, 9w1, 4w5, (sx/so/sp) Asewland: 7w6, 3w2, 8w7 Boxter9: 3w4, 7w6, 9w8 carfacce: 6w5, 3w2, 9w1 Dark Romantic: 7w8, 8w7, 4w3/3w4 (sx/so/sp) deSouza:...
And ruin the kid's image of both of his parents? I hope you weren't being serious..  Edit: I just noticed that the kid is 7 months old o.o . I'm still heavily opposed to cheating though.
I also got neutral instead of good in this one.
Your total NPI score is 12.  Authority: 2 Self-Sufficiency: 2 Superiority: 2 Exhibitionism: 1 Exploitativeness: 0 Vanity: 3 Entitlement: 2
I'm a bit lost, but I hope I've guessed the theme right (priorities of existence).  Social: 1. Perfecting myself. Which to me means acquiring enough wisdom in order to never have to regret my...
I view them as myself. I'm still having trouble believing in the fact that people taste things differently, but maybe I'll someday hear the physical explanation as to what causes it and finally be...
I've only liked reading stuff that's written by J.K. Rowling or R.A. Salvatore.
Can anyone here do this without tools and without taking advantage of mental images?
That's a great thing to know since tests like to tell me I'm an F :p  ____  I've thought about it some more, and I think that this could in some way summarize it:  Seeking knowledge for...
My question relates to what I didn't enjoy while studying. I have always had 0 interest in philosophers, singers, politicians, or to put it bluntly, anyone you ended up studying about. I might be...
Something in this thread just forced me to post mine  http://s11.postimage.org/yef8hrw4j/desktop.jpg
The only classes I ever looked forward to were music, english and gym. I was realllly excited about psychology, but the teaching was completely wrong, so I only took one class which I barely even...
It looked like sly answered the name of the thread, and it's clear that nobody here really believes in the existence of happy well functioning ENTP type 1's, which I can't comment on because I...
How do you guys get to these conclusions? I'm very interested in hearing the reasoning.
I'm pretty sure, but I've never gotten critique regarding my type so I'm unaware what other people think about it. I've been studying MBTI solely to understand myself (understanding other's through...
I haven't done any tests recently, but most of them have told me that I'm type 1. The enneagram test results you see in my signature came from this site's test.
To BusinessMan: [Removed as well, then]
I've been thinking about the car thing, and I was wrong about it. The first thing I actually think about is their lack of integrity. Then I think about their irresponsibility. I wouldn't look at it...
I think that ENTP's have a dark core, at least I do. I'm saying this because I'm always flipping situations around in my head and look at them from a if I were lying angle, and I put little tidbits...
I have no opinion about INFP's or the relationship you had, I'm just wondering about what you meant here. Emotional bullshit? Is that your general opinion about F-based reactions, or are there other...
Do you find yourself constantly thinking about whether something is doable or not? Will the cat always fall on her feet, can your dog do backflips, can you juggle with your three pets, are you able...
I got 42 and I think I'm way too empathetic.. I feel my tear canals activating whenever I see a sad expression, so I wonder what people with over 60+ are like, presuming that this test is valid of...
I don't know anything about borderline cases, but I have some personal experience regarding being mistyped. Right now I score around -30% E, 85% N, -30% T, -1% P, and yet I'm sure that I'm an ENTP,...
I would like to hear the reasoning..
This might be useless, but in the not so recent pages of this thread (somewhere in 2009-2010) people were giving manipulation all sorts of funky definitions. The word manipulation is meant to carry a...
Do you think that it is simply not possible, or that it is an unhealthy state for an ENTP to be?
You are 47.2% Good.  You are 46.2% Lawful.   Alignment: Lawful Good  You all suck! :(  (in response to the stuff I read on the early pages, isn't directed towards everyone)'"


3783: 'Say every personality type comes with a different superpower. What superpower would your type have? What makes this power most suitable for your type?
I've always thought that it made more sense to group xNxP together and xNxJ together. What do you think?
In Order:  ENFP INFP INTP
My original guess was ENTJ even though I've always felt like she was more introverted. The cognitive functions actually make more sense though if she is an INTJ in my opinion. Ni Te Fi Se.
Yeah, it's true that Nancy seems to change because I guess my first impression is what stuck. Towards the end she didn't seem like an ISFJ anymore so ISFP probably is a very valid option. I can...
I like when a person makes both direct descriptive statements and goes into their reasoning, because it shows both how they think and how they perceive themselves - what sort of archetypes they...
Maybe its a possibility but I believe she is a judger. When I first saw the show I remember thinking she was an ISFJ for some reason, despite not actively looking to type the characters. ISFJ was...
I know its weird and very illogical, but for some reason the fact that I already had two ISFPs made me subconsciously more reluctant to type ISFP even though that was actually my main thought. I...
Everything makes perfect sense about AnTefix now. Great ideas!:proud:   That means that we just need to release 6 more heroes/villains.    Everybody who is reading this I recommend you start...
I'm glad you like this idea of this thread. So with the thought manipulation, how powerful is it? Can most people at least try to resist the urge, or only superpowered people. And, if you had to...
Say that there was a superhero or villain for each function and their superpower was somehow based on their function.  1. What would the superhero's name be?  2. Would they be a hero or villain...
Actually, I did mean this site in general. The only reason its on the type me forums is because I didn't know where else a thread like this would fit. The psychology forum was the only other forum I...
Here are my first guesses on everyone, then I'll update later.  (Stars indicate my certainty: 1 to 5.5 scale. [One is minimal and 5 is highest. Nothing is certain since 5.5 stars isn't possible to...
Here are my first guesses on everyone, then I'll update later.  (Stars indicate my certainty: 1 to 5.5 scale. [One is minimal and 5 is highest. Nothing is certain since 5.5 stars isn't possible to...
Here are my first guesses on everyone, then I'll update later.  (Stars indicate my certainty: 1 to 5.5 scale. [One is minimal and 5 is highest. Nothing is certain since 5.5 stars isn't possible to...
I definitely agree with this, and you are right. Personal experience is probably not even needed for the typing, and my main concern where I have noticed a deficiency of personal experience is on...
Definitely!
I will have to respectfully disagree with your statement that, someone expounding on their creativity in great depth may tend to make me think they feel that they need to talk about or otherwise...
This is very true and I can see how it is beneficial to type using the subject's way of expression also. Good point!
I just wanted to say that I imagined you sounded like this when you said fascinating. Kind of random but it was my first thought.    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o05eTzXGC20
Great Post by the way.  I feel that you deserve some recognition.
I forgot another issue. I get all my inspiration and motivation from being around people, but the problem is that I intentionally do not have friends. On weekends, I am in contact with very few...
Oh, I have to admit that this is actually a very creative way of typing. I'm impressed because I didn't even think of that. So you used the fact that I give to so many examples as a means of typing...
Show Don't Tell  Am I the only person here that is a bit annoyed with how rarely people here use personal experiences, personal thoughts, and personal ideas, when they are writing about themselves....
This is unimaginably true.
ISTJ  Type Most Likely To plan out their entire future up to the day of their death.
ENFP  I thrive on the thrill of giving a presentation. Being in front of everyone and giving some sort of dramatic performance of a presentation is my favorite.   I'll name a few or many...
The biggest issue I have encountered with being an extravert is that it is very difficult to control my impulse to talk. Currently, and in my upcoming years, I have plans to work in solitude without...
Calling it faith is way to far though. Faith means no evidence, logic, reasoning, whatsoever. I can have faith that there is a teacup floating between Mars and Jupiter for absolutely no reason...
First of all, I don't understand why all Judging types have a Dom or Aux extraverted T/F and all Perceiving types have a Dom or Aux introverted T/F. Essentially, this is the only guaranteed change in...
I always start by explaining introversion and extraversion just because it seems to be commonly understood by most people, even if they might only get the superficial definition that includes...
I honestly have been unsure how I would really describe the difference between perceiving and judgement. I almost entirely disagree with how the 16personalities assessment uses questions about how...
I didn't necessarily have any points other than clarifying what was and what wasn't a logical fallacy, but I definitely agree with everything that you've written in this thread and I don't think you...
I was reading through this thread and I know this is from a few days ago but I felt the urge clarify something.  As long as MBTI ascribes focus on meanings and patterns to N we will continue to...
ENFP, especially if it is unintentiaonally   What is the type that is most likely to be impressed by this question?
By the way, this is the biggest insult for me to. I remember two years ago when I said I was nominated for most unique in our 9th grade class Mosts thing, and he said, how are you unique? You go...
Body Movement: Kinesthetic: 4.43  Social: Interpersonal: 4.29  Language: Linguistic: 4    Those were my top three and the learning styles fit perfectly. I agree.'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5pggDCnt5M   I'm busy now but I'll be back to tear this apart. What do you think though?  Edit:  I feel that the thumbnail is taunting me with the ENFP letters...
Suddenly the fire alarmed blared right into my ear. I swiveled and took a face full of wall. So much for paying attention to my surroundings. Anyway, now what am I supposed to do. Oh hey, do you...
This is why all my passions are things that are not only ridiculous but also widely ridiculed by the entire world.  Filmmaking is my only normal passion I'd say. My second passion is perpetual...
Mix these characters together and you get me.  Number 1: Aang From Avatar: The Last Airbender  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1vig5BPLRA   Number 2:
I think that IxTx is automatic at least. INTP is my main guess.         I'd say that you are an INTJ. That makes sense with your choices.
On a thread where you have to post 5 things about yourself I posted these 5 stories, and to my surprise, I guess they did not give the impression of an ENFP. I'm interested in hearing everybody...
That's a bit of a surprising conclusion to me and I like surprises! I'm really curious to know what makes you think i'm a judger and also i'm especially surprised about ESFJ. Way to make things...
Wait, I seem like an INTJ?
You seem like an... ISFP   1. A clear representation of Fi. You have your personal values and methods and strongly prefer to use your personal way.  2. Again, even more Fi. Your feeling is your...
I'm very curious about what high levels of intelligence look like in each type. What's the difference between geniuses who are different personality types.  Questions to consider.  -Is this...
Dad=ESFJ Mom=INTP Sister=ISFJ Me=ENFP  It's fun
1) When addressing any intellectual issue of any sort, I approach with ferocious logic and reasoning in order to decimate my opponents in debate. I don't accept emotional arguments unless they have...
I would say that the type with likely the best skills for complimenting the largest amount of people would be an Fe user.  An Fe user is probably going to be the most capable, have the most ease,...'"


3797: 'Come on, that's kinda like picking a physical fight with a kindergartner. That being said, I'd probably do it too ;).
Try thinking of it as getting to know the other person instead of having to accomplish anything tangible.
Works pretty much the exact same with me. ENTP by the way. It'll either come from the conversation or some random observation I'll make.
I was a math major in college and there was 1 girl who I'm pretty sure was an INFJ in the department. We both were also the only ones with 4.0 Math GPA(her overall was way higher than mine though...
True and if it's not tight there is a whole other slew of problems. Well let's just say the last person who knew what's up but wasn't tight wasn't able to throw down because he didn't know which way...
Did you not see the gangster part? He has to throw down with anyone who doesn't know what's up.
Was a Math major in college and had a 4.0 Math GPA. Actually TA'ed a couple Calc classes :).
Go on...
Gotcha then in the spirit of the debate please see my video response   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eh7lp9umG2I  I expect you to watch the whole thing XD.
So an acceptable strategy to winning as you define it is to say reallllly stupid things until your opponent is frustrated at your stupidity and walks away.
You're assuming that religions can just be changed when they can't. Which is one reason why people flock to it. Following an unwavering ethical standard set forth by an all knowing deity sounds a lot...
The void was filled with spiritual beings, it doesn't mean that is the only thing capable of filling the void. Anything else providing the same level of comfort would work just as nicely. And...
So religion is popular and useful as a result of it being able to be used for evil? I too like to take the swiss army knife approach to my ethical systems. Quit frankly I don't even consider one with...
You can't honestly be serious? You are completely guessing at a historical figures motives and assuming them to be bad. Jesus was actually a pretty decent guy and was way ahead of his time morally....
And in the event of a tie, the current champs get the nod. ENTP it is XD.
I've never thought of INTPs as assholes. Awkward sometimes but asshole is generally reserved by EXTJs
Not trying to turn this into MMA vs traditional at all but, I love the more modern ones(Brazillian Jiu-Jitsu, Judo, Wrestling) mostly because once I figured out the basics I got really good really...
How so? Most of the time it probably has more to do with body type. Not many midgets too good with a triangle XD. That being said I was always a fan of the anaconda choke, years of using something...
Not really a misquote. I'm trying to understand why you make the distinction where it's okay for her to be touchy with other men if she's a virgin but, not okay if she isn't. It just seems like a...
What I was going to work around to was that thinking any differently of someone for them not being a virgin is unrealistic. And that there are plenty of good girls who have had sex in the past. That...
How old are you? I ask mostly because anywhere 20+ and finding a virgin is pretty rare.
People who insist their are two right sides to every argument. Nope, sometimes there's just one side with supporting facts.
Relax, it was just way too easy to pass up :)
A  really fun example is seeing when someone has asked the exact same question as one that's been asked a thousand times before just slightly rephrased ;)
Not really, if something has to get done I'll do it but strongwilled isn't really one of my better qualities
Oops I meant closer to Fi => ENFP but got distracted while typing :P, again not really conclusive but every ENTP I know and myself see life as shades of grey.   So yeah, I'd lean ENFP.
While not conclusive, that is more along the lines of Fi vs Ti
It comes down to Ti vs Fi. One good question is do you believe there is absolute right and wrong or is morality one big grey area?
I did provide the study in the hyperlink, but here it is again Americans.  Also, I agree with you that we need to move away from oil as a fuel. I haven't looked up how much is left but, my motives...
No sir, these people have been lied to. When the companies have bought out the media and told them to spread doubt, is it really these people's fault that they don't know the truth? You are...
In regards to climate change it isn't a problem with sensors so much as mass misinformation. By and large companies realize that having to regulate their output of emissions would be a huge drag. So...
I'm ENTP but we tend to not get along all that great. Granted my experience is limited to an ex-GF and my mother. The ex-GF would always get mad when she'd have an opinion I thought was to simplistic...
ENTP  I was a math major.
Why is that? The whole Se primary doesn't really fit. Besides that reading the descriptions of ESTPs make me cringe remembering pretty much everyone I hated in every sport I've ever played whereas...
Gluttony - Definition and More from the Free Merriam-Webster Dictionary  1 :  excess in eating or drinking  2 :  greedy or excessive indulgence  So it could be indulgence into anything(Food,...
Depends on how you look at the word gluttony. If you define it as a desire for excess then, food need not be in the equation at all.
Gluttony first distant second is pride.
I don't know, my closet consists of blank tshirts of about 10 different colors, 5 pairs of jeans, 1 pair of running shoes, and a pair of sandals. Seems more like the i don't give a fuck uniform.
They're not the scapegoat MBTI needs, but the one they deserve.
Something like this?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KmSc34LQ50
In a thread titled Why INFP's are dumb and pointless you expect there to not be trolling.
How so. This is a pointless thread so I'm contributing more to complete pointlessness.
This thread is now about alpacas93106
The fucking best  That's pretty much it.
So the situation is I grew up next to a girl a couple houses down. Anyway I moved and we sorta lost contact until last Summer. Her mom is a dog groomer and last Summer when I went to pick up the dogs...
Delete please comps being weird :(.
You know teaching may not be a bad idea. I can't imagine there is a huge abundance of high school teachers who can coach wrestling.
Oh it's a ton of fun. I had a weird style in wrestling and do in jiujitsu because I was good at scrambling(Basically where neither guy is in a good position and whoever can figure out what to do...
I know right. I prefer carrot fetishes, fruit is just weird.
So I graduated college in 3 years with a Math major(4.0 GPA in math) and thought since I had fun in undergrad I should go to grad school. Which isn't working out at all. Between the extreme...'"


3800: 'I would imagine I would be the kid that needs parenting.
When getting inside a building is more difficult than thinking about the universe.
Sounds like you have a stable relationship. We ENTPs consider dating to be mutually shared events between two people that go 'just beyond hanging out' outside of our present environment. Challenge...
Owch. That burns. Happens to me too, except usually too late and I'm already dating the person. It sucks when the person stands confused about wtf happened and our drop in interest, but I guess you...
That seems slow and steady, as opposed to the train wrecks of analogies the other ENTPs provided. Do explain more.    Interesting. I can maintain super-focus only if I remember that I need to...
I often receive comments from people that they want to analyze how my mind works and I am usually at a loss because even I don't know how my brain works very often, even with the knowledge of MBTI....
My ESFP brother and my ENFP sister are very different. My ENFP sister tries to be cool and use Se but looks silly and my brother tries hard at theoretical research (Ne). I've noticed that ESFPs...
You know you are a perceiver when you do your Christmas shopping for 2014 in Jan 2015 (hey, thats when clearance deals are there)  When you have multiple things things of the same toiletries...
How accurate is BuzzFeed's advice on life?
@KanRen  One of my best friends is an ENTP writing major.  ENTPs are more than capable to being good writers...that is if we follow through enough and make our stories logically consistent enough...
ENTJ and ENTP working together can be dangerous, but potentially powerful. If the situation is restrained enough so that we have to work together, then shit will will happen; ENTP will figure out...
As long as there isn't a too strong Te emphasis, then I'm fine thinking and learning about science. I like the sense discovery and understanding you get when you solve scientific problems.  But...
Maybe this is why my parents and essentially every other family member of my household want me to more like an ENTJ... >.>  Whatever.
They seem to open up when you genuinely listen to their theories, treat them like queens, and give them thoughtful gifts. That'll work for anyone, but a surefire way to an INFJ's heart.
Note: this is slightly different than the relationship advice thread  What is your experience with this mysterious social construct?  I have been on one with an ESFJ...that was awkward. About to...
art major here. love painting and sculpture....  but I also write (and design) video games and do some photography  Cannot sing  Did a bit of acting in high school...tried to get back in to in...
One of the central premises of MBTI is that all types are equal. I'm sure it must be chaos when in panic mode for an ISFJ, but panic isn't exclusive to IJ types. I have had existential bitching...
When people are put off by your objectivity.  When science news are more touching and interesting than any ethical-leaning news; in fact if someone gushes out ethical statements like facts makes...
Auxiliary Ti is a beautiful thing.  Most of our charm comes from a complete emotional detachment from people and the complete rejection of the SJ system, allowing my Ne to make insightful comments...
You have just answered yourself. You're more likely to find a religious ESTP...and they can be surprisingly religious. :P  We ENTPs regardless of gender reject religion around our teens. But I...
This deliberation and constant vacillation back and forth is Ti trying to control the Ne flow of ideas and seeming contradictions. Happens on my papers (unintentionally) all the time.  This is all...
IDK... Most of my friends have been INFJ. There is a strange attraction and yes, they are surprisingly easy to amuse. But so are really any IF type. I've made INFPs, ISFPs, ISFJs and INFJs laugh, but...
Sounds a lot like my INTJ dad.    ...not like him. Though he has stated that I should be a top wall street exec countless times.    ESxJs aren't good when I've tried to explain a pattern I've...
StunnedFox.... are you saying for like an ITJ  X Te Fi X  One can expect a larger difference on N and S rather than if they took a test, seeing if they were T or F becuase of the relative...
I made a similar, but more specific post about this in the INFJ forum, but I was curious about whether or not my list of characters and their MBTI types were correct.  I am almost done with the...
Alright, everyone pretty much has seen it (or at least the people who would be moderately interested in personality type theories) and it has been pretty damn well written. I think the writers must...
C'mon. Hot topic from EVERY OTHER TYPE...except for INTPs.  Why not rephrase it from an ENTP perspective, other types. :P  What do you think about being clean? Let's be honest here; I clean 1)...
I can't tell if the last bit of the wall of text is sarcasm or him being smothered by christ so much to the point of delusion.  I have met many an ISFJ who treat me like an infant and smothers me...
Orientation is not a choice. I have spent many a night trying to control these feelings. They have all yielded negative results. This on top of bullying, which I knew was ridiculous, provided the...
World collapses occur many times in my dreams. Usually world collapsing is just a minor plot point in the grand sequence of my dreams. Like last night, in my dream, it all started out figuring the...
Dreams are like natural-born acid trips that reveal striking details of your psyche. I think there is a thread for dream analysis.   But I can relate. My dreams are almost always surreal.  World...
I thought it was about Fi in general. I think IFPs came in to aid us after our Ti tried (and failed) to rationalize this function and understand it for what it truly is
On Fi............... Well since my dad is INTJ and mom ISFP there is a lot of Fi in my home. And shit. I had to once give my INTJ dad advice on Fi. Felt like saws ripping my body. Mom then wanted to...
I kind of have this problem with immersive RPGs. Not going to lie.  If I find a good TV show. I'll just stream it now.   Computer is the ill of all of my problems while at the same time, I need...
I've made a submission. :)
Mom: ISFP Dad: INTJ  Mom's Side Mom: INTJ Mom's Side Dad: ENFP  Dad's Side Mom: ENTJ (wasn't close enough to tell, but from her funeral alone and my driving her up the wall as a kid every time...
I have a picture of my 7th grade self hugging a tree. Does that count? :P
lolz. has anyone yet done so?  I guess I have the advantage here since I took a painting class that did a reproduction of a famous Bonnard:  149554  and here is my reproduction:  149562
Nihil_Humani  it seems that your ISFp didn't completely fill you. Did you not try and provide interesting intellectual stuff that you dug up? They really do appreciate help for those that can...
@arkmabat  it is from a number of possibilities:  1. because the file types and legal crap associated with the files. Certain DVDs are programmed to be register in certain areas, if you could rip...
Fi resonates, eh? Whenever I am around INFPs I feel like it is the Ne resonating. Their Fi intimidates me. ...or is Fi resonating from shared emotional experiences?  Fi is the butterfly in my...
even though I am pretty solidly ENTP I find myself convinced at times to be an ENFP and then I look at one nearby (or think of some of my friends who are ENFP) and then I say to myself, No, I am...
got an 80. really boring. kept re-reading this crap over and over because my mind kept ignoring it. They were all really simple. lolz  @Spastic Origami  it is out of 100
Know an ISFJ who has convinced himself he is INTJ. And it bothers me. A lot. Socionics would claim it would be that his super-ego is showing, since I can act like ESFP but I am not.  Anyway, I read...
Have you heard of the Reinin dichotomies of Socionics?  This is like this, but more detailed. Just BTW.  EI - Initiating, Contained, Gregarious(though small talk bores), Active/Reflective(torn),...
True.  I think the OP was referring to the creativity associated with Ne- divergent ideas, crazy thoughts that make no sense, and possibilities--Ne.  INFPs are creative in a sense that they...
Second that. Ti makes everything sound uncreative becuase Ti by definition isn't. Ti just processes information through internal logic.  Ne in your case is more auxillary, so it is a way to open...
You're probably having commitment fears. The post-sex cuddling gets really boring for me sometimes; you might be too scared to intimately sharing that experience, knowing that you will be gone the...
Happy birthday!  Helps to develop that inferior Si with that cake recipe? :P
Warmth 2.2        /'"


3804: 'I never said that there wasn't, I just found it curious that too almost opposite personalities were aiming for the same profession.
My brother is and ISTJ, and I'd have to say that he would probably be the closest thing to being the opposite of my personality that I know of. Curiously though, we both are aiming fro the the same...
You don't burn out from going too fast. You burn out from going too slow and getting bored.  Cliff Burton
Generally just tormenting and screwing with someones views is enough vengeance for me, for example by forcing them through the same rings to get to the same conclusion as me, despite the fact that...
Well I'm the guy in my picture (surprise, surprise) I'm about 6 foot tall. I generally wear whatever seems practical and comfortable regardless of the occasion, or appropriateness of the occasion....
You seem to be caring to much about an item for it to be ENTP.... As for the second one, well yes, that does sound a lot like me. Up too you really, which one sounds cooler? INTJ or ENTP?
I personally don't hate anything. Other people seem to hate us in good humour if that makes any sense. An example of this is that somebody I go to school with was laughing and smiling at me whilst...
Don't shoot the messenger. I blame Wikipedia.
Also possibly Antisocial Personality Disorder (aka being a sociopath). I sometimes question whether I'm a sociopath or not (I generally don't feel anything which usually has everyone around me in...
Yes but cancer is. Not dissimilar to the stuff caused by stupid use of the word swag. :tongue:
ENTPs can get hurt feelings? :confused:
One of my best friends is an ESTP. We get along rather well, although I can't really talk theoretical physics or anything to him. He's great for doing fun stuff like extreme sports or just chilling...
Oooooh, just my luck, I got an INTJ. Anyway INTJs are pretty awesome, because they are like the less sociable, more organised versions of ENTPs (who are clearly superior to all other MBTIs :P)....
48477 I can't be bothered making one, so I just got this one off the internet. It seems to do its job, so I haven't changed it.
Pretty much just these 2, and they usually go hand in hand. Seems to happen a lot when arguing.
People need to remember that there is a difference between intelligent people and NT's (I know a lot of NT's are intelligent, but there are others out there that are intelligent and not NT's). Just...
I sit in a crouched position (much like L off Deathnote) when I'm concentrating on something. I walk around topless at home at all times.
Oh I see I was going to say, INFJs aren't really known for being killjoys.
If somebody puts a silly title I feel obliged to give them a silly answer
How they pee?
I hate it with and passion. It gives me that odd kind of urge to destroy small animals with an oversized assault weapon or laser cannon of some sort.....
Dammit I got bored with the number's as well but i still got 98 so that only allowes me too make mild gramma and spelling erras
Dammit I got bored with the number's as well but i still got 98 so that only allowes me too make mild gramma and spelling erras
Don't worry about failing, just think about all the people you know who are dumber than you.
any :P (Preferably one which uses one of the methods listed [15 SD IQ, 16 SD IQ or Percentile IQ])
I was just curious too see how many INTJs have had their Intelligence tested before, and if so how (15 SD, 16 SD, percentile etc.). I'd just like to see how high most INTJs get on these...
I was just curious too see how many INTPs have had their Intelligence tested before, and if so how (15 SD, 16 SD, percentile etc.). I'd just like to see how high most INTPs get on these...
I was just curious too see how many ENTJs have had their Intelligence tested before, and if so how (15 SD, 16 SD, percentile etc.). I'd just like to see how high most ENTJs get on these...
I was just curious too see how many ENTPs had had their Intelligence tested before, and if so how (15 SD, 16 SD, percentile etc.). I'd just like to see how well we do on these intelligence tests.
Fools, fools everywhere. The Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster is the one true religion, embrace his noodly appendage. Repent and become a Pastafarian today. Anyway, on a serious note, I...
The only time I feel unsure of leaving a relationship is when I'm unsure about my future chances with the other gender (it sounds like a dick thing to do, but hey its my life). Apart from that I'll...
That sounds a lot like your stereotypical American :P
Please define how much. If it was billions upon billions I would probably invest massively in areas which I deemed interesting (space travel for instance), and just live off the interest from the...
Personally I would have thought an Engineering or Architecture major or master would be perfect for an ENTP as it involves coming up with new ideas using thoughts not feelings. Still, I'm biased so...
I wouldn't base your typing on preferred activities too much. I'm an ENTP who likes running, parkour, playing hockey and doing Triathlons for fun. Make sure you don't follow stereotypes too closely.
I'm an ENTP who is quite solitary. It's not because I don't enjoy company, more just because I get bored with people rather quickly unless I deem them interesting. When I am with people (who I...
Are you sure you're an NT? After rereading everything you've posted you sound more like an ESTJ than any NT
Pastafarian (Belief in the Flying Spaghetti Monster).
You seem to smell a lot like an INTJ, out of all the NTs. You seem too civilised to be an ENTP. You don't seem to be as social as an ENTJ. And INTP just doesn't seem to fit.
Yes, I'm rather introverted at times. It might be just because I get lost in my own thoughts and forget about my surroundings. Also I've found that although I do immensely enjoy social interaction,...
I occasionally test as an INTP depending on my mood
Do INFJs really find ENTPs as attractive as rumoured? and if so, why? (on an unrelated issue, where can I find INFJ females for that matter?)
Highschool student atm? Aiming for Masters (at least) in Mechanical Engineering, and possible Bachelors in Particle or Nuclear Physics
Saying X is Impossible
Lol this sounds like my dad (He's an immature ESTJ). We don't get along for rather obvious reasons. They aren't overly intimidating, more just infuriating.
Facing a Nuclear arsenal with nothing more than a bent spoon. I mean if I had a bent spoon and a bent fork I might be ok, but with only a bent spoon I'd be hopelessly intimidated out of my depth....
Hello INFPs!!! I come in peace. Anyway the thing which brings me too INFP-land is that one of my best friends is an INFP and he is always being traumatised by his past actions in which he has hurt...
What do you mean I hurt your feelings?  I didn't know you had any feelings  What do you mean I ain't kind?  Just not your kind Peace Sells, Megadeth
Just a stab in the dark, but I'd assume we'd be rather different people (you being an ISFJ and me being an ENTP), so its most probable that my strengths would be your weaknesses and vice versa....
Vision 10 Taste 9 Smell 8 Touch 8 Smell 2'"


3816: let's talk about sexy pyjama pants ;)
this is why we can't have fun!
haha...I'm currently dating an ENTP...let me tell you how good our communication is...
Pot....
i'm wondering why you didn't post the topless delilah video...clearly the better choice :P
What do you kill in your car...those are some serious slash marks on the roof...and cheers for the excellent blood stain removal ;)
Probably why I don't tend to get close to heavy metal music listeners...my brain just isn't wired for that crap...
As with any flawed individual...so that includes everyone...we have to work on improving ourselves every day..it depends whether or not one wishes to improve or just continue living life hurting...
I enjoy Simon and garfunkel and NWA...but not usually one after the other...that would totally screw with my moods
You would definite need a personal reason to listen to that song over and over ...hope you feel better soon ;)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sX9DgavXiN4  last one tonight...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeXPKcdAhkA
You're an ENTP...we're always interesting!!!
It's actually completely futile, because I'm not dating.
Ahhh..I never thought of it this way...I will keep it in mind for future relationships..and if it seems monogamy isn't working..then maybe I'll try it out
I've dated two INTJ's ..one was possibly the worst sex I've ever had..can't imagine wishing it upon someone else and the other one...I could see him being ok with it..but I can't even imagine how I...
I think the girl could wear anything and look good..she's gorgeous..wasn't meant as a put down at all...sorry for my ENTP bluntness scale tip ;)
I think you have your threads mixed up
we accept tangents here...I personally could do without creepy though ...
Did you look around for a hidden camera?
Aren't we all sitting here naked??
Sounds like you're a good match!!
I'm full of contradictions ;)
I always got nauseous on the swing ride at the fair...must be linked ;)
I don't know how I feel about it...I've never tried. I can't see it working as a long term relationship...more as a fun fling..or series of flings ...
if we feel that something is important to us...it is..whether or not anyone else thinks it's important or not...and we tend to only care about genuine feelings from others...she likely thinks her...
I have a tank top on..and my mind isn't down there...even though it does seem to be at times ;)
That's it?? That's all ya got? Where's your imagination??
I was not aware!! You look more like a Jonas than he does though!!
Thank you for the explanation...makes complete sense now...I missed the orgasmic shirt...I see why you get along well then ;)..you look like you could be the fourth Jonas brother..this is meant as a...
I don't think chains would need to be used for anything but fun! Two ENTP's that could come and go as they please...isn't that perfection?
I'm sorry...what else might you use them for???
Well that was short lived ;)
Haha..every other weekend from Boise, Idaho to Ontario, Canada...sounds perfect to me!!
You are THE best confidant ever! I hope your hike/picnic is a perfect start to a fun filled, memorable day!! Love ya lots!!!  Tons of birthday hugs and kisses, Amy
How old is this pic? Why is the INTP girl wearing mom jean shorts??
Awww thanks drmiller100 , I have a hard enough time finding one boyfriend...seems that guys don't want to have an every other weekend relationship!!!
Lol DMack... U missed my last post :)
Where's Psyphon when u need him...lol
What do you do to relax??
Ugh...I asked this almost three years ago...clearly in a very different place...what was I thinking???!!!!
Lettusaurus ....you need to post some of the stuff you listen to on here... I'm listening to Dateline NBC right now...because I'm waiting for Blue Bloods
Lettusaurus I'm flattered :blushed: and equally as happy to chat with you :tongue:
I'm not sure how I was included with the cold hearted clan...but I will answer the romantic nonsense....  How do you display admiration to the members of the opposite gender? In which ways?  ...
maybe one day i'll want to learn more about it...but i'm too distracted by other things right now...
i love it when freaky things like that happen...thanks for sharing :)
everytime i read Ne Ni Fe or whatever and dom....fi fi fo fum gets stuck in my head....and i'm done...
Still copying the Biebs....lol jk ;)
huh???
Iustinus I don't think anyone has ever insulted me like that ever before in my life....lol....i'm a well developed ENTP!!!!!"


3820: 'I met an ISFJ girl one week ago and like her much.We are just friends at this moment,i'm not so sure anyway.  We are completely different and mutually annoying :)   I made a first move ....she...
I analyzed some ISTPs here,i know their way to answer .Also that ISTP type,i know,maybe more than myself.Because of my father's type. So you aren't ISTP according to my opinion and observations. ...
Here my analysis; Ne-Ti user undoubtely. Understand how something works quickly,logical risk taker,interesting witty answers.Adjusting the things the way you want base on current the...
Answer 20 question + my questions.Or just writing about yourself like an essay. Give us as much as info you can provide. Then we ll type you.    1 )When you watchin a movie,do you realize small...
Yup :) ,I value honesty a lot in my life but they force me to show my manipulative hypocrite side. Otherwise your desires are meaningless,they just improvising whatever they like + money.My inner...
Minor ? Ne-Ti combo Vs Ne-Fi , 3rd function different  Common thing-Inferior function is similar,somehow unimportant  and 1st function Ne.  ENTP-INTP yes difference somehow close but don't say to...
Sterotype- obsession of controlling people,leading method-direct.   Nobody wants to be controlled obviously Unless the leader is really required.Especially folk of this forum why ? INFP/INTP/INTJ...
Can you answer my personal questions ? here is the list,you can write tons of thing. Provide more datas about yourself then i ll try to analyze your type.  1 )When you watchin a movie,do you...
Chill out :) funny video btw  ,  you may be one of them or not. Don't trust tests.Question style,your current mood may alter the result.Or percentences just show your choices on the test,doesn't...
Thx for replies, i asked these questions to determine  whether you are ENTP/INTP/ENTJ/INTJ or not. I created these questions quickly and ofc reflect my subjective opinion.It may be true or not. 1st...
Batman is unrealistic-- too much muscles and super agility. Dark,charismatic figure  Superman is alien and super.Realistic.I have never met any alien before except my inner voice xD. Blue tight...
Hahaha,i thought that before.   Small talks fine for me.But they usually want to talk about topics,they have no idea.Quite annoying.Yet i speak and ignore all my knowledge,go for sterotypes or...
Low Se,Si,Fe  i detected.   i want to ask you questions before my final judgement.  ---deductive way/inductive way ? Which method you prefer.(You can skip this question if you are unsure) ...
Lol,i did both. plus,i hacked school website,inserted dick image instead of headmaster's photo to get revenge.Nobody liked him and no one turned me in xD
What is your MBTI type? ENTP  What MBTI type is/are your best friend(s)?  ENFJ-more than a brother to me  How do you describe your relationship with them? Like... how close is the bond? What...
Lol,nevermind,i just jokin -_-  just imagined solving math problems with feelings. cute 1 + nasty 2 = jerk 3 xD
+1     My analysis;  Fi dom for sure,Te>Ti,Your 3rd function should be S,your Si>Se,you use your N side well.   Q2-2n part Ne-but way to telling yourself/expressing,initially,i thought aha...
Unless you gonna kill us,we aint gonna questioning anything,i promise  http://i56.tinypic.com/2mfc7bt.jpg
I am aganist all sterotypes whether it is accurate or not.In theory,it may be accurate but we are not robots.Tons of different factors alter it. And Jung's real purpose is just to show and...
yup,imagine godzilla with pink underwear -_- I'm sick,just realized lol  so you may wanna check this thread; ...
Description solely gives an idea but if you define yourself with descriptions and stereotypical things,then you can not decide.  Cognitive function theory is core of MBTI.  MBTI ''E'' letter just...
surprisingly :) My istp father gave same answers.I  asked these questions 1 month ago.  Last question of my test.Actually ask this...how much risk you gonna take--ISTP>ESTP my father always want to...
+1, i lost everything :> , All answers whether what u ask regardless almost end with Fe.Even she can kill the whole society with her Fe. Low S usage ,not N user.My mind gave fatal error.
Your Fe is so strong that is undeniable.And also i think it has superiority over your perceiving functions(S/N).it means your MBTI code should start with an E and end with J.  EXXX means dominat...
Result is.... you are totally babe type xD  i read all of them,i swear -_-  btw 20 question sucks,so i just stole some of these questions from my other post,they are not good either but i...
I wanna ask  questions to know you better and to satisfy my curiosity. =)   If my questions disturbing,you may not answer them.   ---When you watchin a movie,do you realize small details right...
She can't be both.Not according to the theory at least.  Either She got personality disorder or you misidentify her actions,maybe her shadow personality decieves you.  Personality disorders...
Serious all the time,Logical,Intellectual,She shapes,improves things in efficent way like Ne-Ti. Not so fragile like ISFP.ISFP use  Fi-Se combo a lot.ISFP and INTJ cogntive function orders are so...
Avodiant per. disorder is caused by Fi-Si loop mostly-due to weak 2nd function. -> common among INFP/ISTJ  so you can be judged wrongly as ISFP because of Fi-Si loop.  Believe me your Fi is...
3) Think about a time where you felt like you were at your finest. Tell us what made you feel that way. Any time Im making someone elses life, or even just their day, better. Fe  5) What tends...
We can share our hapinnes +free hugs  just ask for :)  i think INFPs are happy too but they dont aware.They get pleasure via melancholy,even themselves and others interpret them mistakenly.Hapiness...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZnhuOEUFXA  No more Alice Cooperufeff
1-NF-Pollyanna 2-ME 3-Mad mans,you may find many kings.sultans,superman at lunatic asylum.xD 4-Ignorants-Ignorance is bliss after all. 5-Kids,have no Jtype parent around. 6-Money money must be...
But at the end,he always brought his brillant solution via N alone.Foreman INTJ for sure.But House is broken somehow,doesnt like people yet he needs people around himself to work.Ne-Ti user - INTP or...
Se/Ne-data/info collector mechanism.  For exp  Se-provides tangible image/info from the moment to your filter.When you see the tree,image of tree come to your Filter.Filter is either T/F,it means...
@[/URL]   [URL=http://personalitycafe.com/members/obsidian.html]Obsidian  like-dislike things i mean it s the important how you write or say sth you like or dislike...  you may disagree my...
''Social situations are difficult for me because I've nothing to draw from, it seems to me that I don't remember anything that has happened. No idea. I am never sure about things because of this (it...
I dont want use quotes from your writings but i read em twice.  ESFP fits you well.I can easily say you are sensing perciever.  You aren't intuitive at all,Se is strong with you along with Fi,you...
You are messy dude You are wrong You are jerk  Your inner guy yells : Someone pls call the care police.  ...............___@@@__   ......_____//____?__________  ...
Common mistakes and Recommendations   Don't trust tests.                      --When your mood change,test result may change,or question style may scruw up the result.  There is no borderline-  ...
you describe Entp...except jokes :) ... 2 moods are visable from outside clearly...  1st mood-Confident Clown--general group mode for acting joking,teasing,smile a lot etc.  2nd one is helpful geek...
Pioneer here ... I  expected to come out as Shit instead of Pioneer after i just randomly went for middle at the end :)  cuz i love my traits generally. Why do you have to ask me tonz stupid...
Benvenuto a INTP world sister, run far far away from here  if you can  -_-
Today,My INTP vote goes to...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DPRpl8kx9c  or this one YouTube - System Of A Down - Toxicity:Official Video   Viva la Empire :wink: INTP anthem  ...
unending skepticism,obsessive self development idea, effort to be act like E and S(temporary fun and energy boost--but it s not your lifestyle...).We desire to achive what we missing in the life-...
YouTube - Ozzy Osbourne - suicide solution!!!!!!!  Ozzy Osbourne
82 hours at the end, i got nice rational girlfriend,basically i saw the heaven in the earth guyz    after +70 hours,i had an crimanl law exam,I was drunk and sleepy, everybody dying on event,but Im...
after MBTI test,his result is revealed ... my friend askin, what s that supposed to mean (ESFP)  --OMG,i cant believe it... you are disguised gay in our society,you are nice though.. (Mindfuck...
Cognitive ProcessLevel of Development (Preference, Skill and Frequency of Use)  extraverted Sensing (Se) **********************  (22.5) limited useintroverted Sensing (Si)...
I get it why u asked. I have annoying Mr. Correcter mate for paper works.After I finished to write,he says all wrong things.This is too ambigious,wrong spelling,this is wrong grammar use haven't you...'"


3845: 'become a stylist
i trapped a giant house spider under a teacup a few nights ago, but forgot to release it outside. it could have been squashed by a shoe or eaten by it's mate, but instead it died a slow horrible...
you said bi guys repress themselves in mono relationships.  i said everyone does this  my point was that a man who represses his desire to sleep with other women is no different from a bisexual man...
if a heterosexual guy's natural proclivity is to sleep with as many partners as he can, is monogamy not then counter to this basic nature?  surely all relationships and sexuality are founded on...
my ex was with women before me and after me and i still don't believe in bisexuality/homosexuality/transgender whatever lol  using your own logic, do you see heterosexuals as repressing part of...
human beings are wired to believe their own bullshit  we think kids are cute, terrorists are evil, cheerleaders are hot and the tv is fact and if anyone disagrees with us, they're a dick and should...
the idea of meeting a girl who is going to launch kids in my direction and threaten's alimony anytime i tell her she's a bitch, terrifies me, so i sleep with guys instead and now resent how many of...
lmao, no.  that'd be boring af  envying someone who can't feel anything is the only thing more pathetic than being that someone imo.  it's like envying the blindman because someone told you your...
the most annoying thing about autism is that people think it makes you exempt from being a total cunt.    you can be socially incompetent, pathologically obsessive, and an asshole.  they aren't...
the world will shape who you are regardless of what you understand     you're still wearing clothes, so you're still conforming to social standards.  you're just using said standards as a medium...
we all have our qualities :P  these two are becoming pretty popular!   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlO4FWrVE2I  fornication friends.  omg this should be a kids tv show
it's about time tbh  the church has led society through the last two thousand years.  they gave us capitalism, altar boy rape, donald trump, three world wars, the depression.  the crusades.  the...
both
sex is important.  i'd rather be single and wank happy than in a relationship that was uncomfortable sexually.  i don't see the point in it unless there is financial or social benefit.  eg i could be...
i thought my goldfish was psycho so i fed it to the toaster
the general definition of any psychiatric disorder is that it causes problems for the patient  this isn't one flew over the cuckoo's nest, randle
i know 1 infj and 3 enfjs that are all pisces.  the other pisces in my life is my childhood mate who is an isfj  i'm personally most attracted to scorpios, pisces and taurus
this made my face so happy it hurt lol  funny story.  i moved house last week and literally did everything in the first minute of that video to my new/old mattress...  i did not go far enough!
sansa to win.    survived joffrey, cersei, ramsey and littlefinger... retook winterfell despite jon snow's consistent stupidity...and has brienne, the best fighter in the entire series pledged to...
lol you don't even have a ball    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUrfumQhkec  ^ not only does this specimen successfully intercept the mbti divining device, it also expresses joy at the...
rape isn't about sex lol  lots of people think executing killers is justice.  same line of thinking. it's not a moral or psychological thing.  stupidity, ignorance and herd behavior doesn't have a...
throw a ball at their face  if it hits their face and they don't try to kill you, they are an infj  if it hits their face and they try to kill you, they are intj  if it doesn't hit their face,...
responsible, humble, assertive, pragmatic
i work with a lot of stps and i get on far better with istps in general than many other types.  how i'd define them from ntp:  i think ntp's are better at social stuff.  i'd say stps can be...
i'm too sensitive
if he robs vending machines for lunch and tricks old people into performing gummy fellatio, you may have a point.    yes.  making fun of the professor behind his back is pretty fucking badass.  but...
yeah, i would.  i don't want immortality, but cylon resurrection from battlestar galactica is the perfect balance between life and death.  you can choose to die permanently, but until then, all...
lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut...
life doesn't start  objectively a rock has no more life than a banana or a monkey or a cloud or air pressure.  they are just different states of molecular change interacting in ways that are...
dunno about lie, i tend to categorize suspect info as likely deceptive or disingenuous.    the istps in my life for example are very prone to exaggeration, so anytime they start recounting a...
i'll take your deflection as an affirmation, and a subsequent answer to your previous questions
are you a dick?
well, i'll take your word for it.  you must have a pretty clear view of how things really are, up there on your moral high horse :P
when i was about 20 i knew an estp who's favorite passtime was breaking into the rose gardens and destroying all the rare flowers and presentations.  he considered it a bonus if he could do it right...
that's called being human  it's the first thing babies learn...
in my experience entps are weird, makes fun of everyone/everything, cares about people, generally extremely intelligent, witty and in my experience don't crave the spotlight like the stereotypical...
i know, it doesn't help it just distances me from the feelz.  will be out by tonight after work though, so one more cheeky joint after work and i'll be left to handle this all on my own :S  then i...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSf8i8bHIns
Fish Launcher  i am so fucking jelly i could spunk peanut butter   sex with feels trumps drugs and mania all day every day
i drink to get drunk, i smoke to get high, i fuck to get off and i dance when there's music   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLpkXtM-VI8
misbehavior will not be tolerated   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKTmY3mOz_w
matey, don't limit yourself   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkEXGgdqMz8
dance with me and we can talk about it :P   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQZ-Bu-w4Fs
inference aside, i said redundant and futile.  convincing someone of something has zero bearing on reality.  it is subjective interaction, just like we are doing right now.  not my fault you don't...
all science and philosophy stipulate that duality of thought and matter is an illusion, so convincing someone of your own perspective is not only redundant, it's an effort in futility and fiction
your reality is fiction if you need to make an argument for it
your lack of imagination makes me feel like willy wonka   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrzMhU_4m-g
i like internet dating, or at least i like reading people online.  pics, writing style, syntax, questions and reactions etc are all extremely revealing in terms of personality.  a lot of gay guys on...
it does.  i've decided to just let it go and numb the pain in my gut with weed until he goes away.  i can't control my feelings for him at all so until he leaves for his new job i can just be...
it's a score of cosmic events really.  a friend from uni killed himself last week.  i missed his funeral after putting the wrong fuel in my car and being unable to drive and be back for work and i'd...'"


3854: 'Oh yes we do, no question about that ^^  Most introverted : INT*  Most extraverted : ES*P  Some types are equally Introverted or extraverted IN SUPPOSITION. But an ISFJ can more more extraverted...
TPs are more sensitive than TJs, there is no doubt about it.  But it depends on what you mean by feeling. Is it emotion towars others, or towards themselves.  Can we say that people who are...
The fact that I get either ENTP or INTP should be enough to discourage me for paying. They say ENTP is the most introverted extravert and that the INTP is the most introverted introvert. They also...
5w4 and 5w6 are very close I think, I can't tell the difference and I'm not sure of my wing anymore. 5w4 or 6. I'd say 5w4 are more individualistic ? I don't know, I'm aso interested in your question
Type 5 SO would be more about the awareness of social symbols and totems. The real contrary nature for a type 5 is Sx/sp and maybe So/sp Sx/sp makes you want to be close with some people, while the...
That's a great post, thanks for that, really.  I'm also not a fan of the multicultural ideology who has been pushed the last decades. It's heavily related to leftism by most people and is one of...
I'm not conscientious, I'm high on openess, and I don't see myself as a liberal or a left-wing. The left has been crazy for a little while now. Well I can see myself as a liberal, but today,...
I openly expressed that I was trying to be his fuckbuddy so I can work on my fuckbuddy skills in general  That's...dumb ?  If he's ignoring you, well you can't do much about it. Try to contact...
TJs are boring, not cold. That's not exactly the same thing. :dry:
INTJ : Coldest human INTP : Warmest robot
It comes down to how you are raised. Not especially the climate. I live in a region where people really overrate themselves, a ot of people who do reality shows live in the nearby regions, people...
1. What kind of music do you typically listen to? It depends on my mood, I can one month listen to 90's hiphop, and the next month I listen the same OST everyday until I'm tired of it.  2. When...
they go right below my eyes in terms of length, but I'm a white guy with afro hair so it makes an interesting combination. In fact I have almost similar hair to Kramer in Seinfeld, and they are as...
Fe is the reason why everytime I talk to someone in a somewhat meaningful way, I put on a show tailored for their needs. That's why I can be a chameleon. Some say it's pandering, and that's why Fi...
I'd say ES*P, I never met an ENTJ and the only INTJ I know was a weirdo, he was probably unhealthy. Very knowledgable but his head was quite stuck in his ass.  Yeah, so ES*P, because they have no...
I'd say yes, you seem NT.
Idk, I could see Ne as being like a flash. I'm someone very visual, but I don't think it's Ne related.
Stereotypes  the topic of the thread
I have a basic sense of style, I know what to pick and what t do, but it's usually too expensive. My style is quite classic, basically a shirt, back slim jeans and black shoes. I also like...
Idk, I see Ti as a constant discussion with myself about, I guess everything. Or maybe is it Ne. It nevr stops, almost never.
Idk, I imagine INFPs as people who want to belong and be accepted, a false misconception, a stereotype.
Well the lack of SJ and probably SP is because they are out there doing real things. :tongue:  A friend who took the 16p test got INFP? he is actually a very smart guy, I wonder if he wasn't...
I'm ENTP and I'm shit, shy and boring with people I don't know. :blushed: Also, not that creative.
I relate more to the desires and fears of the levels 2 and 3, and aso the red flag fear of the level 6, but the adjectives describing the best my behavior would be a mix between 2,3,5 and 6.  Yeah...
I don't remember the fourth, it was I think either one of those 3 ISTP, INFP, INTJ, I think ENTJ popped up in there also.
An INFJ who loves graphic design, where do I sign ?   I think I enjoy looking for stimulation and inspiration, out of nowhere I will decide to try or start something, after that I siply research....
Enneagram : 5w6 sx/sp(never sure about the wing, I'm awing 6 but my main interest is in creative and artistic fields, but I enjoy it for the technical and visual aspect)  I took the test 3 times,...
ISFPs, what are those ? I don't think I ever met one. What could I talk about with an ISFP ? Honestly, I don't think too many things before I start looking around for a gun. I really don't know. I...
I really can't comprehend how could someone truly believe in astronomy, it would basically mean that your life is shaped depending on when you are born, which is quite sad.  And astrology seems to...
I don't know how you make those judgments but based on your previous posts I 'd say yes
Ethics are a product of society and thus are relative. That's basically the whole point. What someone considers an honest living could be considered the opposite by one other.  And it's not like...
Well I won't try to have an argument with my boss or my superior when I disagree with them because I wouldn't want to get fired, but I always had this questioning upon decisions and orders if the y...
It happened to me once, it took me a while to realize I was becoming too attached, I wanted to get rid of it so I confessed after thinking about it for a whole night and after that I stopped talking...
I used to watch it and somehow like it, it lasted the very first episodes. Then I stopped and the few times I stumbled upon it, I realized how unsufferable and retarded this show is. It's targeted to...
Some of them took the 16personalities test so take those results with a grain of salt, they could be one letter off.    Funny because those types are supposed to be the best pairings for each...
ESTP/ISFJ is theorically one if not the best match. Gender probably isn't a factor, but as always it depends of how sane and healthy both are, their enneagram (their aim in life) and other...
The image people have of INTJs on inernet is ridiculous, don't compare yourself to it. It's one of the reasons I find a lot of them obnoxious on Internet.  No, INTJs aren't like Sherlock Holmes or...
I don't see how you could be INTJ if you ever typed ENFJ. My type became much more clear when I turned 19-20. Not so long ago, I would have typed myself as INTP.
I can't really rank types, if you go with stereotypes, then I would hate ESTPs, ESFPs, probaly STJs too. I don't know the types of the people around me, I feel like a lot of people are or could be...
DOGSOUP Well that's a lot of results. Have you tried socionics? Well I guess it would be at least N for you. INTP have very weak Fe while ENFJ use it as a primary function. Usually it shouldn't...
Yeah you definitely have a valid point with that last sentence, but I was using a general statement, not trying to pinpoint your self.   DOGSOUP What do online tests usually give you ? Have you...
I'm unable to make the difference between a cheap wine and a fine wine, I'm not a big drinker :proud: Yes development is a major factor, but I still think that females are naturally more emotional...
Yep in fact I would be perfect for INFJ/INFp s. :crazy: I have both high Ne and the ability to sit down and listen. Too bad I don't have that ENTP 7 charisma/vibe naturally. I'm too self contained.
I'm sorry but it has been scientifically proven that every ES*P peaked in High School. I hope you got to be a great cheerleader, and a popular girl if not then sorry but it's over m8. It's only...
I actually was supposed to be right-handed but by seeing my mother being left-handed, I learned writing with my left hand. I use both hands depending on the task.
We are supposed to be kindred souls with ENFP, Ne obligates. However, I don't know if I could say the same with INFPs, they are supposedly very sensitive. ENTP/INTP are much more similar to the...
I get easily bored. Because a lot of things are boring to do.  When I 'm bored It' s no good, if it gets too long, I become more and more like an unhealthy INTP.
No type isn't hereditary, it's more about nurture.  My parents are SJ as you can get I think, android I'm too NTP for my own good.
I got INFJ, weird. I don't know how to interpret that.  EDIT : Oh I did the old test, the new one gave me ENTP
Enneagram tests are I would say even more unreliable than MBTI tests, I think you should read descriptions, research about variants and figure it out yourself.  Tests would give me 5,7 or even 9 and...'"


3856: 'Boredom, ENTP's greatest enemy. One day of boredom, we can deal, two we start to sweat, a week? we become emo depressed little kids. I agree with you the most, when nothing else gets you moving,...
So I left PC for over a year and this happens?      GLORIOUS!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MC0G-Lbuuk
Enjoy the scenery, take a photo every 30 mins and then make a video Sing out - Get a ton of Disney Movie songs and play them, you'll most likely know a few and it is impossible to not sing them. ...
Totally late for the party, I just had an urge to know what personality Elsa had as I have come to realize I have massive crush on an animated character. If you guys are right, then it is quite...
Narcissism44% Unconventionality 61% Empiricism94% Vitality83% Othercentricism16% Independence44% Integrity76% Intellect61% Stoicism61% Orderliness11%
Agnostic, but I would like to be proven wrong... by either side.
Voting for the not experiencing true love. When I was younger I used to believe in older people saying it will eventually happen, that I was just over analysing myself by comparing my way of feeling...
HAHAHA, a friend got angry at me a few months ago when I told him eating was more of a chore than something I fully enjoyed. I eat because I have to, not because I care to. Therefore, fastest than...
I would say dinosaur clowns when I was small. Damn movies. But in reality it happened not long ago, waking up with my eyes wet after dreaming of a time when my parents would not longer be in this...
http://youtu.be/Zzyfcys1aLM
My mother is like Britney Spears? Mind = Blown.   However I agree with @EmpireConquered  it is not a type thing, it is a person thing. A value system, what a person considers important enough to...
I didn't find it that hard. Only when and adolescent didn't I know what to do with myself. But then again, who didn't? Since I was small I have always defied the forced concept and luckily my family...
Cut ties with my family? Impossible, I adore my family. If one of them is depressed or being irrational I just talk to them out of it. Friends the same, sometimes you just have to give them space to...
http://youtu.be/r7om8VBaJAg
Awkward at first most likely.  But it depends a lot on how the relationship was ended. My best ENFJ friend from way back home? I dread the thought of crossing her sight when visiting my parents. She...
Clearly there is something she is not telling you, or you are not noticing that is bothering her quite a bit.
+1 to daydreaming and creating movie like stories on my head. Mostly in my good lord i am bored moments, like on the train, before sleeping, extremely boring meeting, etc. Sometimes, I get so much...
This was talked about before on a previous thread. My conclusion is that we like extremes, either we are hippies sleeping with anyone we like for the fun or we are prude and careful of who we sleep...
I dont know, I make fun of all my embarasing moments. Getting hiccups during a work call meeting? Not because that is bad, just that my hiccups sounds like a very small puppy and everyone started...
True. There things in my being and decisions that simply will not be changed by anyone's opinon. As I take as an opnion, different to my own, that later due to other circunstances may end up in a...
Any with a great history. That's how I managed to play along those visual novels even though you don't have to do anything but next, random option, next again. Other than that? Graphic...
Of course we are being loose with the words. I don't think anyone here seriously have any of these disorders. And if they do, they need to check it up with a psychiatrist.
Not one, but all of them. I must admit I lauged when I read you were all three as well. Sadistic = I know I could enjoy light S&M only if I was on top. Bipolar = I know I can get irritated very...
Hmm, I dont know how Anne Hathaway is in real life., but I liked most of her characters in the movies she was in. Devil Wears Prada comes to mind because I really liked the movie, and both Maryl...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lB67ebNlH-s I love this song, it is so sad. And so odd to see boys crying so saddly. I really really like the lyrics. It actually makes you feel sad for them. And the...
http://youtu.be/yxsR8FyFumg
I used to collect stones when small. Then coins when I inherited my grandma's coins from across the world, was lost on the house and several were destroyed due being underwater too long. Now? what I...
1. Ignored.  2. Sightly disturbed. 3. Ponder why the hell this is happening yet try to avoid taking any action. That normally eventualy works. Hakuna Matata. 4. Ok I've  been bothered enough, what...
Hmm, for me it would be a combination of subject and feeling. Mainly because across history you can see how people felt and thought at that time through art. Given that I love humanity the most, I...
Too many emoticons in a short time. Try the ENFP board, they are basically our clones but a little less awesome.
I don't even remember this. But no, I have noticed over the years that I dislike being the top performer and enjoy being second or third much more. I like being good, but not when expected to be the...
The new era photon belt theory for the apocaylpse, that pseudo science should have been a novel!  Also, given we are 2 weeks from the THE END as so many crazy people want to believe. Trying to...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGCsyshUU-A  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRPOztxXWlQ  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0g9poWKKpbU  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxIOUJ7by6U  In case there...
Was looking for another DCUO video, but found this and fell in love with this song. Took a while getting enough words out of it to be able to search the singers.  ...
Only one that i remember of. Good luck, I find it insulting for people who actually an effort
System Administrator, I am a workaholic. I find it too fun and enternainig.
It is not really a contest if you put ENTP in there. Otherwise, ISTP men have been the most physically sexy I have found. They normally work out and are quiet. win-win
But I was talking to a friend the other time at how I forget to eat all the time! And that eating is more like a chore wasting time more than actually something I want to do.
ESTJ definitely. Hell I get along with ENTJ, and when they nag me about  not doing something, they are most likely right. We ENTP are the kings  and queens of procrastination.   Never had an INTJ...
During different times, it has been ENTJ, ENFJ, ESTP... and recently a new ENTJ which whom I can stay hours talking to is slowly joining the inner circle :P. One time, continued chatting via SMS...
Welcome! Yeeeep, I always thought I was crazy. Then found this forum and realized indeed I am, just not the only one.
Exactly what zeep said. Mostly non existent because I don't like anyone that often. Could say easily once a year, but when all stars and constellations are aligned I can go crazy. But even then I...
Perfectionist about my work, but I love my work and hate making mistakes on it. Tt gets too much visibility to make some mistakes, can get up to two to three guys to come and talk about the error......
I prefer salty food, doesn't matter what style. But pasta, soup, and stew are my favs. Also a suprisingly good cook if willing to spend the time needed. But usually I am not, so anything edible is...
when there is a low brick fence or something similar i have walk through it an play master equilibrist. Doesn't matter if i am in a hurry to get somewhere.
Adore it, was surprised at first for liking something so girly when I never did such a thing. Now I can't wait for the new season and bought the original toys on my last visit to USA.  Real fans...
Hmm, for one I really wasn't qualified AT ALL to work with, when the interviewer brought it up I just told her no one is born knowing, and I like learning.  A week later I was informed I got the...
Oh! I remember one thing I did during my university years, studying design is a pain and takes you hours and hours of work without realizing it. To the point even I got tired, so one night angry at...
Reminds me of something I do to remember people's names when I first met them. For example, a guy called Mike would be Wazowski. Another guy called Ariel would the The Little Mermaid. And so on... of...
From the poll, took me a while to chose. Ended up in flight because it would be the most fun and god I do love wind and weather in general. Gotta love the windy mess right before a storm.   Using...'"


3863: 'Being famous and popular are two different things, but I understand your meaning, I think.    I think it's possible to be popular by keeping things to yourself like in the instance of silent...
Anxious about getting my first of the month workload sorted.
Foodporn is delicious!
This thread is hella entertaining.    I think holding the door is okay as long as you do it equally for everyone.  Some men (read: chauvinist pigs) hold the door for only women so they can watch...
I disagree. popular - liked, admired, or enjoyed by many people or by a particular person or group  Of course there can be different definitions, but Tucken is unclear at best.      Haha! ...
Does Rocky Horror Picture Show count?  Singing and dancing while you're choring is a non-negotiable.
Maintaining anonymity?
So, the only way to be popular is to do these things, but you can be popular by doing neither?  Contradictory, but okay.    I tend to gain popularity because I'm genuinely charming and fun to be...
Because - SOCIAL MEDIA!  Ugh.  I agree with taking a few shots or a short clip and then settling back into your show.  We are experiencing so much of life secondarily because of this pics or it...
Vegetarian Lasagna!
Proud of myself for recent accomplishments.
Ne's and Se's...makin' the world go 'round!  :D
How do we do this?  :)  Welcome!  If that's you in your avatar, you's a babe.  <3  If it's not, you're probably still a babe.  ;)
Welcome and thanks for the endangered species education!
Welcome back!  I'm interested to know how different mental illnesses affect personality as well!  My husband is bipolar and an INFP.
They don't -destroy- those options.  I mean, they don't cause issues with having a life at all, but yeah, the career is harder.  Plenty of people do it well, though.
530586  Sin Esperanza by Frida Khalo has always moved me.  I have had disordered eating tendencies from early primary school and I discovered her in early high school.  I identify so much with her...
Unfortunately, you can place reality into fantasy and it becomes fantasy, but with no point of reference, this image appears quite realistic.  I understand that on an art type-specific forum, you'd...
Hi INTP!  Biotechnology - so impressive.  Welcome.
Welcome, INFP!  Looking forward to your participation!
Thanks, doll.  :wink:
MisterPerfect - I agree that they are both totally hot.  There's something about the mentally unstable that really turns me on.  Not sure what that says about me as a person.  :D  I might post...
MisterPerfect - Actually, no, I don't read comics.  I do, however, really enjoy characters and story arcs and reading in general.  So, I have read a lot of the DC and Marvel character's backstories. ...
I had my first a year and a half ago at 25.
SilentButDeadly - That's quite the lineage!  Had to look up the Cane Corso!  What a very powerful, intimidating dog!  Three kids!  Holy moly.  I can't even imagine at this juncture.  Our little man...
SilentButDeadly - Are you military now?  What kind of dog?  Ours is a German Shepherd/Lab mix.  Love her.  I considered shooting her while I was pregnant, though.  Fun fact, I don't own a gun!  :D
You're right!  We all do the best with what we know.  :)
I figured it out!  *spin*  I think the original file was corrupted, so I did a screenshot and edited to fit.  Perfection.
SilentButDeadly - My father was in the military until I was 3.  After that he was employed with a company that allowed him to be promoted if he moved to different startups throughout the U.S.  I've...
Hi!  Welcome!  Your energy excites mine.  Let's party.
Welcome!  Typing people you don't know is part of the fun!
Welcome!  I have tried lucid dreaming with a bit of success.
Welcome INTP!  I have three cats.  Nice to know you.
I do this same thing with cooking!  Sometimes it's incredible, though, so it's worth it.  Thanks for wasting your life with us!  Welcome.
New experiences are the shit!  Welcome.
Dude, I read your cya as cover your ass.  LoL.  Guess who's worked in an office too long.  Welcome!  Thanks for no longer lurking.
My hubby is an INFP!  You're in good company.  :)  There's nothing wrong with you!  Perhaps the type of job you're going for isn't working out because they suck or it's just not the right fit.  It...
UraniaIsis - Thanks!  I tried .jpg and .png uploaded from my computer as well as trying a URL.  I NEED MY AVATAR!  *weeps*    Jimmy - Thanks!  I think people who use too cool for school are also...
If you don't have super powers, we can't get along.  Nice to meet you!
I would disagree with this.  Some of the dolls, like Echo and Alpha, develop personalities.  They can draw from all of their previous imprints, but ultimately, they have created a personality for...
With any luck, you'll be the first one that likes me.  :P Thank you!
Hi everyone!  Someone linked me to this site and I found it interesting, so I decided to join!  Also, I need friends because everyone hates me.  :D    I am a bit put out because I can't get my...'"


3905: 'Getting up at 5am to watch Eurovision every May.
Se dominant, so ESFP.
Not necessarily.
Nah.   Adele was prob the best I've ever seen, and I'm not even her biggest fan.   Harry Styles new sound is much better than the sound of One Direction.   Would see Zeppelin, but not now even...
Been to Adele this year, Guns N' Roses, and going to Harry Styles in Nov. Hope to see the Stones again in Europe this year.
I've only seriously dated one person since I turned 18. It lasted a few months, I s'pose.   I'm 22 now.
22. At uni but finishing in 6 months.   My ideal night out is cancelling my night out and staying at home. Have my friends over, have drinks and food and binge watch a TV series or movies.  ...
Couldn't care less.   I'm not open about my political opinions, generally, because I'm not interested in getting into redundant debates with moral bandwagon-jumpers. They're not going to change my...
Well there you go.
Did I ask you to?
I've never experienced jealousy in a romantic sense.   I don't care enough about my relationships to feel jealousy. It's rare that I commit to a single person anyway; most of the time I've got a...
I treat it like any other day by dictating to everyone around me Kim Jong-un style.  But I claim all of January as my birthday. One day might be enough for the average Joe, but I'm worth more...
Because it's the closest to where I live.   People here don't move to other cities, much less states, very often to go to university. If you have a good one locally, that's where you go because it...
I don't have a problem with it as long as the person doing the complaining is also actively trying to change whatever they're complaining about. I can't stand people who whine but do nothing to fix...
Humans are animals too, in case you didn't realise.
I'll keep it to myself.
You must love me then. One word answers are my speciality. Keep them guessing is my motto.   :perc3:
If you struggle with high school, you won't cope at all with college/university.   As mean as it sounds, just get on with it. High school is relatively easy, and you're close to being finished....
ENTP.  I see Ti, not Fi.
Well, most people would assume I'm an ESFP if they didn't know me well, so. No help, soz.
The only one I've seen is Hidden Figures, and I liked it a lot, so I'd choose that by default.   La La Land and Lion both look dull as dishwater.
Peyton and Lucas are both ISFPs.  Brooke - ESFP in the earlier seasons, tending more towards ENFP in later seasons Hayley - ISFJ Rachel - ESTP Nathan - ISTP  Dan - ESTP Deb - ESFP Karen -...
What mental illnesses have you been diagnosed with over the years? Do you think these might be a misunderstanding of your personality? Do you feel there is a correlation between your type and your...
Openness: 62.5% Conscientiousness: 77.5% Extraversion: 72.5% Agreeableness: 32.5% Neuroticism: 2.5%
Where did you study? Sydney, AU.  What did you study? Started out in Law, transferred to Global Business, transferred again to Business. Will finish at the end of this year. The university wants...
I have no problem with Sensors, including ESTPs. All of my closest friends are Sensing types.   My biggest issue is with the Ni-dominant types.
Niles Crane from Frasier or Niles from The Nanny. Must be something in the name.   Also, Holtzmann from the recent Ghostbusters movie.   And Jack Sparrow.
I'm in my final year of a BBA and have not covered any of the issues you've listed. Business textbooks generally stick to the curriculum, which don't really apply to the actual realities of running a...
Trump is definitely more self-destructive than Putin.   But neither of them are a real concerned. It's just fear-mongering.
I abhor the idea of commitment; even moreso the reality.
Youngest of 3. Don't know my enneagram.   Simultaneously the most ambitious of the three, and the least likely to reach their potential.    May not be an ENTP, tbh.
Not sure you've thought this through entirely...  Do you understand how long it takes to get to judge status? The different levels of judges? The fact that you'll be earning a pittance for 10+...
I only truly love two people: my mum and my dog.  But that's neither typical nor atypical for a thinking type. Everyone's different. Thinking doesn't mean unfeeling.
My mother's Russian and in 21 years I've still not learnt the language. Can understand it, and can read it, but can't speak it.   It's also useless unless you plan on living or working in Russia.
ENTP.  Want at least one child (may end up only having one because I'm prone to favouritism), but couldn't care less about marriage. Don't want kids until I'm 30+ though.
Well, there are a lot of jobs that you can't do without a degree, and a lot of companies which won't consider you at all unless you have a degree (even for an entry level, menial job), so, in that...
There's no we. This doesn't involve you. It involves him, his ex and their child. If she doesn't want to follow the court order, that's something he needs to deal with.   I would suggest,...
Not sure why making a thread about this was necessary, prob could've been said through PM.  :rollseyes:
Separate.  Unless they're loaded. In that case, joint.
1. I want results. When I think about an idea, I want to put it to action and not think about multiple idea. Sure at first I might, but I will settle for one and try to run with it and see where it...
1) What is your Meyers Briggs type?  ENTP  2) What do you to to unwind/relax?  Binge watch PLL on Netflix, make my best friend who's in love with me spend time with me/buy me food, hang out...
Nah.   I'm fine being on my own but prefer being with other people. I've never struggled socially.
Nope. Atheist.
There are a lot of sensitive snowflakes in the ENTP threads, so I wouldn't say ENTPs.  Probably Ti-doms. ISTP and INTP.
Not an asshole, just not particularly bright.   Nothing wrong with not wanting children, but there are flaws in your reasoning. The evolution of our descendants and common ancestors  resulting in...
I don't think Page is an Ne user. Plant, however, is.  I don't hear the Se sound. As someone else said, ACDC is very ESTP, as is GNR.
Too much Ne in their lyrics.
I'm an ENTP.  My mum tested as an INFP, but I think she's probably an ENFP.  My dad was an ENTP.  Sister 1 is an ESFJ, and sister 2 is probably an ISTP.  Maternal grandmother is probably an...
They likely aren't much rarer than any other type. They're probably mistyped by a lot of people, however.   People who only know me on a casual/acquaintance level would likely assume I'm an ESFP. ...
I'm happy with Led Zeppelin as ENTP.  Cream could be ENTP...'"


3916: 'Hi, I asked my friends a couple of questions to find out and here are the answers...  Life goals (in order):   1. Experience as much as she could in life - she wants to go on hikes, go live in...
Answers in bold :proud:
Hey guys, I know the majority of you may not be interested in any form of combat sport and, especially since mixed martial arts (MMA) is the new kid on the block (compared to boxing, wrestling etc),...
Yeah, she's really confused now according to her. Well, at least that is better than before where she thought of me as a flighty/can't be trusted person.     Yeah, I want the face to face...
Quick update: I am still writing the letter to her but some of the stuff I was going to say has made it to her ears. She still hasn't spoken to me but has asked our mutual friends about me.   Is...
Its pricey and does nothing in the long term for me.   So no.
*Grabs popcorn*   No, it is always amusing when people embarrass themselves in public (especially when it is an easily avoidable error).
Hey man, First of all, thanks for the reply (same goes for all the other posters too). I've got a question though- you know how you said to use you made me duh duh duh.... Do NFs actually prefer...
Sorry if the topic title sounds a bit rude, but its nearly 2am here and I am in a rush to bed. Long story short: an ENFJ is severly pissed off at me without understanding the full story. It wasn't...
Mum: ISFJ Dad: ENTJ Older sister: ENTJ Me: ENTP Little bro: INFP
To make my post less negative, I will start out on some things I DO like about an EXFJ (awks if it turns out to be an ENFJ though):  - She's sympathetic: if you are in trouble, she will do...
I am female but I know for sure I hit harder than most (at least untrained) males since I box competitively.   That being said, if someone attacks me then it'll be...  (a) if its just one single...
Saw this on a uni research paper a while ago and just want to see what your answers are. Its a bit hypothetical but it tests...well it tests what hurts you most (physical or emotional pain and what...
My ESFJ friends tells me that:   (a) I am weird- my logic is too far-fetched   (b) I am strange- sometimes as when I am walking somewhere, a new possibility/solution to an academic/social...
I am a really cheesy lover lol. I enjoy the roses, the cringe-worthy pick up lines (beautiful flowers for a beautiful girl) and lots of dancing/flirting before actually committing to a serious...
I wear an oversize tee and board shorts while I am home or going to buy daily necessities. The only time I have make up on is when I have a dress on- which only ever happens at parties.   Oh, and...
Ahh I see. Is there anyway to help them with this? I remember that there is a healthy and unhealthy version of every enneagram type so yeah...wouldn't want my friend to be perceived negatively by...
Bump!
She said no. Said it was too limiting lol (basically same thing she said to me after reading the 4w3 thread).
Yeah that makes sense but the INFP I know (this is from experience only of course) seem not to be so confident.   No, she is not always aware of her surroundings. Me, ENFP friend and her take turns...
Oh I'm not being harsh. Everything I say is the truth and it sparkles my curiosity since I've never known someone so emotionally turbulent before. I already acknowledged she is smart and brilliant in...
Dear lord, how do I even start.   To be honest with ya I always felt that, as a female ENTP 3w4 sx/so, I was one of the weirder ones walking around town but this person just blows me out of the...
49126
Bump! I know this sounds a lot but...argh...please? *waves around newly baked batch of double chocolate chipped cookies*
So is mine...until I find myself exploring in depth every single possible option (e.g. all the different methods of revenge) that I end up awake anyways.   I've just gone on a 12km run and while my...
and may the guessing commence!   Friend no. 1: I am guessing EXFJ 2w3 but feel free to disagree  Personality wise:  - Optimistic/bubbly kinda person - Extremely caring- to the point where she...
When you make up a story, do you think of the general plot line first or do you make things up as you go?  Do you believe in the necessity of rules?   Do you feel more comfortable follow...
Hey guys, I have made a rather surprising discovery about myself over the last few days. Having always been labelled as the non- serious one in my friendship group when it comes to maintaining...
I am not an INTP but the two people I know who are are very obviously 9w1 and 5w4.
Erm not sure this has been covered before but what is the general consensus on Bellatrix Lestrange?   She is, of course, quite gaga in the movie (what else did you expect from portrayal by Helena...
Dad: ESTJ Mom: ISTJ Older sis: ENTJ Me: ENTP Younger bro: INFP
Going out with friends: T-shirt and shorts (not the kind which only covers 2 inches below your waist) during Summer/hoody and cotton trackies during Winter. I've always found jeans to be a bit...
Hmmm my room.   On the surface you shall see:  1. A plastic desk with a plastic chair. The only things on the desk are a laptop, some notes, my pencil case and my lamp.  2. A bed with a blanket...
ENTPs, speaking from personal experience (me + 2 of my friends), seem to fit the jack of all trades, master of none description to a dot.   Personally, I've dabbled in:  - Piano (8th grade) -...
- Almost bipolar: when he's happy he is bouncing everywhere- like a child but very charmingly so. His eyes are mischievous and his cheeky smile spreads to all corners of his face. However, when he is...
also interested in this answer.  btw, how do you tell from 5w4 and 5w6?
Bump!
Sorry for the bold. I copied the questions straight from the other thread and, for some reason, they won't let me unbold it. So I tried to italicize the questions so they look different. But then I...
Keep getting these three results whenever I do those online tests. I have also read descriptions on all three and there's a little me in each of them. The only thing I am sure on is that I am an NT...
You sound like a 3w4 (like me!)  To be honest, I have yet to meet an ENTP (myself and two of my friends) who feel comfortable at expressing or dealing with emotions . That being said, I still think...
First of all, thanks a lot for your reply mate! I think she's 4w3 cos she's always trying to project herself as an unique individual (yeah, I forgot to add this in initially) and will go to great...
Hey guys, I am not going to fill in a standard questionnaire for this one since I don't feel like I know her well enough to answer so many questions on behalf. However, I will try to list all the...
Hey all, I have noticed that my newer relationships (most of which are friendship-based) all tend to follow a similar trend. I will meet a person and it will be all smiles at first- I would find a...
- Funerals: depends on how well I know the person who had passed away. If its a distant relative of a distant relative (which happens in a big family like mine), then I would sit there and try my...
This is awkward considering I prefer a person's natural scent (considering they aren't sweating and stinky :P) than any perfume.  That being said, I only wear deodorant since perfume kinda clings to...
If I know its a deliberate attempt (which I usually do), then no. I will end up getting even angry at their attempt to manipulate me lol.
I am Christian and go to church sometimes but I am definitely not what you will call 'hardcore'.   Religion to me is more of a tool to better develop spirituality and develop myself rather than...
Looking into her dating history, I'd definitely say yes.
Thanks for the reply mate! Yeah, I get what you mean now. However, she always seem to be with someone since she has a lot of friends. Do I ask her to speak to her privately (I've tried once and it...
Sorry but can you elaborate? I noticed that INFJs, in general, really like to help people and am almost *attracted* to sadness. Is this the same for INFPs?'"


3919: 'There are moments when one has to choose between living one's own life, fully, entirely, completely-or dragging out some false, shallow, degrading existence that the world in its hypocrisy demands....
Weeeeeird, that's the types of guys I am interested in too...down to the long fingers! There is something about long fingers that is just very sexy to me...I admire my bf's all the time (though he...
All of us self-diagnose to some point, I think. It's especially more common with resources via the internet available so widely. I work in medicine and honestly if it should bug someone it should be...
It's nice to have an answer, something concrete you can deal with. I hope everything works out for you :) Love yourself for who you are, lord knows it's pretty damn hard to change a lot of that...
Sometimes I need the stress of a deadline or impending failure to get moving. Sometimes even that isn't enough...!  Sometimes if I just start working I'll be fine...it is that big first step that...
I think it's a one-upping thing, and eventually those feelings get bruised and we can be big whiny babies about it. It's an unwritten rule so don't go spreading it around ;) Though honestly I love...
Want advice from an ENTP female? I don't think she's that interested. She probably talks to you because she feels comfortable with you and finds you amusing/interesting. Whenever you try to make...
I find law really interesting...to learn about, to read about etc. If I went anywhere near it, it would be as a detective or something similar.   The idea of being a lawyer brings up the vision of...
Waaaiiitt a minute here....all these 'thanks' are just a quick way for me to feel more empowered about my amazing opinions, which I gladly manufacture and churn out for a captive internet audience!!...
I think I've mostly dated sensors but it's probably as a result of there just being so many more of them. As far as sensors go, I get along (romantically) with ESFPs the best. I had a horrid...
This is a good book, fun to browse or to use as a thesaurus. Lots of interesting words and phrases.  Amazon.com: The Thinker&#39;s Thesaurus: Sophisticated Alternatives to Common Words...
I get that way sometimes, even with people I love. It's because I'm focusing on something and I can be flighty so I **need** to focus and getting over-emotional or distracted is going to put me...
I thought about doing design and was told the same thing! I honestly can't add any more to the conversation but I think it would be a neat career if you were good at it.
There's nothing more annoying than getting all cuddly in bed and then realizing you completely forgot to do some stupid task that CAN'T be put off until the next day >:O
I fall back on routines when I'm tired or I have important things that need to get done every day, like bathing or a night routine. The nice part about being an xNxP is that a lot of times my mind...
Make yourself do those things you don't want to do that you know are good for you or will serve you in the long run. It helps stave off the depression. And do things with your values in mind; don't...
I'm really envious of people who can fall asleep easily. I've suffered from insomnia since I was a child and it has probably become worse the older I get. I haven't figured out any methods that work...
I get called negative too. Only INTJs and INTPs (or other ENTPs) find my jokes funny. ENTJs are too busy dominating corporations.
It's almost as if we're self-aware and socialized enough to agree that making changes is important but not so sensitive that it blows our life apart with guilt and personal responsibility to realize...
I'm accused of being too serious or thinking too much.
I'm too self-aware to be able to rationalize to myself why I did something...when I try to give myself a reason to make myself feel better I automatically tell myself it is bullshit and recognize...
I find complicated people fascinating and I tend to find my own thought processes interesting...however as I get older I find more aspects I don't like about myself rather than just this huge...
I feel like I spend more time than other people trying to understand people and situations rather than rushing to a decision and condemning them. I'm honest with myself about my shortcomings and try...
I was more right.
Was thinking about the genetics of sensors vs. intuitors the other day actually...just theorizing with my boyfriend...and I figure there are probably certain types that are more likely to have...
Most of my friends are ENFPs, INFPs and ESFPs...the only J friends I have are introverts, they don't plan because they don't usually want to go anywhere haha. Normally if I plan something I'm so crap...
I hate questions where I know the examiner phrased it incorrectly and that there really isn't a right answer because of the mistake he/she made. That annoys even though I'd never be anal enough to...
I read once that people with Parkinson's disease lose a lot of weight because of the unintentional tremors their bodies undergo (which can be a real source of problems for them for other reasons) but...
I'm not disputing any of the above :) Are we supposed to be arguing? I thought it was obvious I was being tongue in cheek.
Noted that you didn't call it dick flick night ;)
I prefer  ::giggles gleefully:: ::places fluffy mittens on hands:: ::squishes stuffed animal close:: ::squeals in delight:: ::devours triple molten chocolate brownie deluxe with marshmallow...
Excitement:  !!!!! :D ::insert action that doesn't sound girly to you::  woot
Wouldn't finishing first make you the loser in this competition? ehehehe
Yeah, but sleep is *so* amazing, I'd rather enjoy it while I'm alive :)
yes, sigh. The worst part is that I still can't seem to keep my mouth shut; I just love the sound of my own inner monologue being verbalized.  Though there is a girl in my clinical group who...
When I was a young ENTP (and I'm a female) I was constantly hurting other people and treading on their feelings without really realizing it or knowing it was a major deal. Relationships at that age...
I don't really like tv a lot, but I watched Scrubs until it started to suck, Dead Like Me, Whose Line is It Anyway?, Psychoville, Look Around You (both British), Stargate, The Walking Dead, Cartoon...
I feel like anxiety and social anxiety comes to me naturally because I have so much trouble fitting in with what is expected of most people. The expectations to be a certain way, react in a certain...
My dog got hit by a car about a week and a half ago. I didn't cry at the time---I was too busy trying to rush him to the hospital, then give a good report to the docs, and then sit and stare sit and...
~~~Abhors~~~ Going over the same thing over and over again (especially rehashing DETAILS) Forcing me into an opinion, especially if they are extremely moral about it (I tend to worship the gray)-->...
I'm not sure I've ever seen him in anything else. Something about his voice really bugs me, that's part of it.  I don't really watch much t.v. though so don't mind me :)
I don't really pay attention to people very closely a lot of the time, but sometimes it doesn't even matter---I pick up on these subtle cues that I can't even explain really; the best way to describe...
I feel like I tend to have more personal contact with SPs and NFs...I see a lot of SJs but they tend to rub me the wrong way, even from a distance, so I avoid them. NTs are so quiet and isolated in...
I tend to be the same way and what makes it worse is that people don't seem to think I'm being sincere so are even more insulted or upset, which feeds into it and makes me more choppy and hesitant...
Ugh. I really dislike that show. The actor that plays Dexter for some reason just **grates** on my nerves. I saw the first season and bits and pieces of the second season (my brother was a fan and...
I like the idea of family but in the poker game of life, I was dealt a super shitty hand. None of us get along and I regard my family as some of the most selfish, negative people I've ever known....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7ThIdxK-kU  This is STUCK in my head now, thanks to this thread. ACK
I actually like going out dancing or to bars every once in awhile, but that means every few months or so (and a year can quickly go by in which I didn't go to a crowded and loud bar at all). I find...
Maybe I'm just lucky, but I tend to have weird, quirky teachers with good senses of humor or very energetic, passionate and caring ones.   Definitely helps.
In most situations the ENTP will still initiate I bet. I always do. And there is always the question of male-male and female-female relationships; they can't fall into what society teaches males and...'"


3921: you do seem like an ENFP judging by your posts
B     : Istp m     : Infp k     : Intp  istj, esfp, enfj
ISTP type 9w8? Interesting I am not sure maybe you're an INTP
K : Entp m : Istj b : Infp entp, estp, esfp
K m :intj b    : Istp  entj, isfj, enfp
it's just a vast difference of interests intelligent people are usually interested in things difficult to understand not because of how difficult they are but because the things difficult to...
The guy seems like an ENTP at first glance so manipulative and a great con who is con at getting people do what he wants to do however I can't help but think INTJ since he seems to have that Ni vibe...
M B : first ENTP K    : second ENTP  ESFJ, INTP, ISFP
ENTP hands down v.v TMLT be the center of attention
INTP (cause they probably don't even know where is everyone going to begin with)  TMLT die of heart disease
ENFP TMLT hate thinkers
K: ISFP (bet they'll be good kissers) M: INTJ B: INFP  ESFP, INFJ, ISTJ
definitely
ohhhh *O* Forgive my unexcused incompetence I shall work to fix it immediately :laughing:  Marry : ENFJ Kiss    : ENTP (cause like it's gonna be one short relationship before we both move on) bed...
ENFP TMLT turn psycho
I would agree to this but Ne-Ti is hella adaptable in fact it can simulate other functions really good combined with Ne-Fe I think ENTPs can organize others through playing the devil's advocate I...
ENxPs I guess TMLT Impact a great change on the status quo
Marry : Definitely INTJ Kiss   : umm INFJ or INFP maybe ISTP too Bed   : I am okay bedding anyone
is there any reason why every INFP I've met out there is obsessed with Harley Quinn what do you guys see in her
well every two mature individual can have a healthy relationship I guess but when I ask online for compatibility in MBTI they say that Ti dominant people are best matched with Te dominant people so...
since you've put the <3 for the INFP I would say you're an IxTJ alright :laughing: for some reason you guys have a thing for Fi dominant people specially INTJs so I would go ahead and say yes
Hmm by leaders I meant political ones like presidents or military generals
I am asking this cause ENFPs seem to have Te as their tertiary in their function stack while ENFPs generally like to avoid conflict being a leader usually gives you no choice so do they have more...
Don't know why but I always liked ISTPs Kay is an ISTP while Kyo is an ESTP that's why I prefer Kay his personality of generally not giving a damn is just awesome
from what I've seen which is not much I would say yes you're an INFP alright
From what I know Ti despises being ordered around while Te is basically bossiness so shouldn't the two clash with each other instead of being compatible
:laughing: :laughing: :laughing: :laughing: I think Noppo would suit him better
I always though Napoleon was an ENTP :frustrating:  Does this seem to you like an Ni user way of fighting a battle to you through out his career most of Napoleon battles were like this he would...
716130
715690  :smug:
Oh I see your point now I understand
you keep misinterpreting what I am saying not purposeful of his actions means he takes the leap before looking no introvert ever does that specially not someone who's Ni dominant Deku's Ne-Ti is...
you misunderstood my point I didn't say Ne was more abstract than Ni but unlike Ni Ne operates externally it's extroverted perceiving on the same level that Ni is introverted perceiving and perceive...
This would all make sense in case he did what he did on purpose hence saying that he simply had extraordinary developed mental abilities like Patrick Jane from the mentalist however Medoriya stated...
How do you people keep seeing so much Ni out of Deku I can only see Fe on him that's why I agreed that he's an ENFJ but even his Fe is immature he's waaay too selfless to be Fe dominant or Auxiliary...
713049
I see I guess ENFJ does work out for Medoriya all might seems like an INFP to me tho he's Fi dominant all about the symbol of peace he's way too idealistic to be Fe dominant agreed on Bakugo...
Izuku Medoriya- No idea the guy acts like an INFJ but shows cognitive functions of an ENTP Todoroki - INFP He's Fi dominant does only what feels right to him regardless of logic he's stuck in the...
Jia Chong- INTJ
I am gonna have to disagree with that :tongue:  Not that I pick up rats off of the street or anything .............. >.> what
Well if by background you mean some sort of official study I don't have any however I keep tabs on the political status of the whole world and recent events kinda pumped North Korea up the list a...
How does Se-Te loop manifest to you ESFPs it sounds devastating  :shocked:
So do you think there is a behind the scenes group working it's way toward world domination or already dominating the current world manipulating the countries from behind the scenes?
what goes around comes around
Agreed on the capitalist part and yeah nuclear power is the only power held by North Korea so I doubt he will give it for any reason it represents the threat if someone crossed the red line and...
Typical INTP :rolleyes: :laughing: :laughing: :laughing:
There is The 33 Strategies Of War and The Dictator's Handbook  you should check both those out they're life changers
unless it's muscular dystrophy
you see that's the problem with this guy it's impossible to get a read on a nut job no one knows where his loyalty lies and so no one is sure what to do to win him over
well yeah the whole thing is like second nature to you guys"


3925: 'For studying, I try the 10 minute to 20 minute rule. Study for 10 minutes and then take a break for 5. This hasn't really worked for me in the past, because it breaks the concentration and focus I...
I stay focused the best when I take breaks. For example, I'll study for 20-40 minutes and then watch something. It's best when I know what I want to do during my breaks, it motivates me. I end up...
<------
YES.  I often feel a surge of laughter and giggles when I remember something funny. What's strange is that these things are usually very small; for them to create such a reaction is strange. For...
This has been such a common occurrence in my life, especially with the people I'm closest to. It hurts when you aren't taken seriously when you're FINALLY being serious. It's the most painful when...
I'm not actually smart,  I just know how to sound smart.
Honestly, the concept of Do unto others as you would have them do unto you most likely came about from the human fear of other people treating them badly, because: That's not fair!!!   I don't...
When I'm in the mood I'm naturally very sociable and charming. I can read people pretty well and direct the conversation so that multiple people are benefited from it. This can come off as...
I smile and laugh a lot, but when I'm in public I try to contain it because I'm usually laughing or smiling at something that no one else would understand or find funny.
Yes, but only because it was when I was newer to MBTI and didn't know anything about cognitive functions, mainly thinking that ENTPs and INTPs were generally the same, the only difference being one...
My dad is an INTJ. I get along with him really well and we have a lot of good conversations. My mom, on the other hand, is a completely different story. I'm unsure of her specific type but we are...
Being blonde has nothing to do with intelligence.
Karma is for people who think that someone did something that was just wrong and instead of confronting them, they'll say, karma will get them.
I can relate to this. I love writing dialogue but absolutely abhor action sequences. I try to get really detailed about what's happening which results in long, confusing sentences. Movement is, for...
Being bored is like my worst nightmare. Whenever I'm really bored, and someone I know well is near by, I will try to pick a fight with them. This fight usually includes me arguing about the first...
Responsibility for me is understanding the consequences of your actions, and how to deal with them.
Trait  Score Percentile
Fight Club   Gravity   Memento   American Beauty   Moonrise Kingdom
For my career, I'd really like to get into filmmaking, more specifically, directing. It's a creative job and you're in charge. I think it's something I want - I just have to learn to believe that I...
Please let me in on the secret, what did she do to make you react in this way? I'm so curious. I feel like we're missing a few pieces of a very dynamic puzzle.
378 female
It's already been romanticized. I mean, look at all the Young Adult books that feature a horrible society and a strong protagonist willing to fight for freedom. How could you not fall in love with...
When someone presents a negative situation as a result of some action I'm about to take:   Sounds exciting!
Honestly, I can relate. The thought of being boring or living a boring life is excruciating. I definitely agree that it's a 7 ENTP problem, and also related to age. I'm in high school and where do...
It sounds pretty exciting, I would no doubt join if it was something I believed in.
No problem(:
Hey, welcome!
Yo
Girl: Lana or Lara Boy: Jason or Jake
Much much better
Just barely started playing it last night, so my best score is pretty low   http://img.tapatalk.com/d/14/05/11/yra3y4am.jpg  I'm addicted though! I can't stop playing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9ObFJhX2nw
I would see people playing this game at school and think, you're an idiot, how are you playing a number game and enjoying it? But I definitely get it now, it's crazy addicting and super easy.
I agree, something about being an air head one second to being a smart ass the next gets them going.
Gender: Female  Hair Color: Blonde  Hair Style: Long and straight   Eye Shape: umm, eye shaped?   Eye Color: Blue
I tend to be pretty gullible. Most of the time it's because I'm not really paying attention, though. All of a sudden someone will be saying something and I'll respond, really!? all excited and...
I absolutely love to write! But I have the same problem; everything I start has a high probability of not getting finished. I've came to the conclusion that we're more short story type of writers.
It's just really interesting.  I chose the I USED IT TO USE PEOPLE MORE EFFICIENTLY because that's my secret goal.
When you always get told you have low common sense  When you ask for scientific validation of a statement made by someone for sake of their argument   When you're always asking, why? and...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuA7vAhSrQ0
Breaking Bad  Game of Thrones Dexter
I love the instruments, the video is really creepy and fits the feel of the song. Vocals are ok.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pfq988DvJhg
Ask Yourself - Foster the People
Whatever your personality is, you really should study the cognitive functions of MBTI some more. Maybe then you could have a decent conversation about what drives a person to do drugs, get defensive...
I value debate and discussions for many reasons. Number one, it's incredibly fun! If you're debating with someone who at least meets your intellectual level, it becomes a game in a way. Winning is...
I have to admit, I enjoy gossip. Celebrity gossip, on the other hand, just feels gross.  I like to be all-knowing, even if the gossip is exaggerated or even untrue, if I can tell, it uncovers a lot...
I feel like I'm reading a romance novel with the structure and look of a forum post. It's exciting, what happens next?   Anyways, I can relate to this girl you've been mentioning to a great extent....
14-15:  My Fe developed pretty early, I understood social situations and social cues, and became obsessed with projecting a certain image. I did everything in my power to keep my family life and...
How do you react when you like someone? It could be attraction, long term friendship that grew into something more, or even a stranger that you've never talked to, whatever.   All you know for sure...
Personally, apologies kind of annoy me. If I do something that caused someone to get hurt in the end, what am I apologizing for? Do I regret doing X or do I regret that that person got hurt because...'"


3928: 'Yeah so late. And only just logged on for the first time in ages. I'll lock it in for next weekend (and by lock it in i mean..)
Have you considered what might have him so busy? What does he do? Study? Work? Both?  It's highly unlikely that even a highly committed ENTP will give you the consistent level of attention that...
Hi guys,  I have an ENFP female friend who's married at a young age.  We used to hook up a few years ago but graduated back to friends long before she met her current husband.    Recently she's...
I share a similar alcohol related stint.  I decided to 'protest the government' by sitting in front of a bus at 5am on NYD a few years ago.   My hungover conclusion was the same.
A few? I'd say we're probably well represented inside. As much as we'd all like to think we'd never get caught (causality) ?
So.  Very.  Very.  True
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PNJtmizCUQ
Well helloooo.....the coffee enema thing makes sense. Southbank 3004 here yo.  I don't think segments of Australian male culture would be all that accepting of women such as yourself. I've seen a...
Not to Ghandi it didn't.
How old are you?  I'd suggest not being a snob, and opening your mind to the fact that even the most simple people can add value to your life and teach you things.  Like how not to be a snob.  ...
I have two older half sisters, the youngest of which is 15 years older than I am. I didn't have contact with them until my late teens.  Sooo...once again really raised as a first born.  Mother is...
*throws weetbix at you*  An aussie INFJ....how interesting! I've only met one IRL.   I suspect from her accounts that our culture isn't all that accepting of you guys...She was from Adelaide...
Are you a fellow Aussie?  I don' think Woodley is an ENTP. I mean he may be IRL, but not in that series. We're more wit/sarcasm than slapstick in my experience. His humor is a little too obvious.
And laugh! Exactly! What's the point of crime if it's:  A) Not organised B) Requiring you to do more work than you would in gainful employment.
I do this, and much the same as everyone else - only with those I like.   I'm just showing how comfortable I am with that person. Sorta hey I know I'm annoying the shit out of you but who else...
You dare insult our precious function? Blasphemy!  *chants* All hail the function. All Hail the function. Praise be to Ne.
Thanks. You've articulated something that I've been trying to figure out for a while.  INFJ's i tells ya...
Oh I know why. I'm not asking that. I bring part of it upon myself (I don't deliberately flirt with most of them.) The rest is as you say the attitude or whatever. I'm pretty good looking so it's not...
I'm wondering  a) what kind of reputation you have (at work, school, university, sandbox etc)? b) How much do you care about it? Do you play it up? Ignore it? Confound it?  The reason I ask is...
Err well yes, of course it's two issues. Which is why I said ...so not only is it possibly a cognitive (functions) issue but also...  But that's essentially the issue(s) as I see it as one of...
I read the thread and could understand with most and identify with some of what was being said.  My point was more towards your expectation of others, and that you might want to temper them. Most...
Interesting thread. I'm not sure how you can expect others to understand what you yourselves do not (fully).
I do this.  I think its mostly that I realise that they were friends of convenience. Ie, worked studied together and have nothing else in common. I can't help them grow and vice versa.    It also...
I have a good work friend who's an ENTP.  We get on pretty well, though...the debates are fun until we exhaust all sides an options. I think though our functions are similar most people wouldn't...
That's it! Good old peripheral vision! And you thought we didn't know :p
I can't wait! Just in time for Orthodox Easter!  You'll have to come round for a session of bamboo shoots and sitting. It gets a little wild but I'll guide you through it :wink:
What have I done! :dry:  Note to self: Never encourage Kitty.  On the real though I'd probably find that hilarious. I've never seen the movies or read the books. Nor shall I, so I'd enjoy the...
I appreciate honesty above everything. Give me that gift and I'll be able to put up with your suffocating love ;)  The reciprocation thing is probably what would get to me. Don't expect to keep it...
Kinda inconclusive.  81% ENTP   7% INTP   4% ENFP   3% ENTJ   1% ESTP
I get the feeling an official report might help him feel better, I think it would help me in that situation that others upon investigation deemed that I wasn't responsible (or his machinery by...
Hah the pic is when you guys make eye contact.  Stalker eyes are when you think we aren't watching and you're analysing our interactions with others ;)
I thought I'd been doorslammed by an INFJ some time ago. I'm now thinking it wasn't but it's certainly how it felt. And the circumstances were different.  Besides the obvious hurt it caused me,...
Haha I meant that it's You guys that have the stalker eyes. Watching and analysing every move with this sexy wonder. I love it.  Mine are definatly come to bed eyes. I can't even help it.  I got...
I'm awesome at picking INFJ's. The appearance can be obvious sometimes,usually its just some odd kind of instant connection. And stalker eyes after I soapbox as a test of course, I never do otherwise...
^ Prodigy
I doubt I'd really care!   I love being the best at everything but If I'm into her, I'd probably just  be happy she was just into the same thing...mind you 5 years ago I may have been a little...
I was just thinking about this recently.   I think its easy for people who struggle to put us in boxes to write us off as villainous. I know an INFJ i was involved with thought i was quite evil and...
INFP/J mother. She had depression for a good portion of my childhood. Overly protective too which never worked well.  I agree that it probably kickstarted the development of my Fe earlier than...
Please don't treat your romantic interests as a potential enemy. Yes we may have the capacity to hurt you, but your fears will be self fulfilling if you treat us with unwarrented suspicion.  We...
I didn't say I was surprised...I'm rarely surprised by anything, but I do live outside north america - therefore our news stations are different, and would have had zero coverage of the event had it...
Not living in the US, I took the opportunity to point out that the media (and most people) ignored the bombings in Iraq which killed ten times as many people. And that it was probably time to ask why...
I did this, except as the ENTP obviously. Apology and all.  Hated that I'd lost control, and that she'd burrowed deep enough to do that then burnt me. Of allll the people...:rolleyes:
double no quote
Um no. I'm just taking the mickey. Your theory is probably right and fairly obviously so if you look at the supervisor type role.  I just wanted to see if you'd continue to play :happy:
You mean you feel left out? :p Okay you're just predictable :D
*Takes everything far too seriously*  *Pretends not to care, laffs*  *Sprung by INFJ herd*  *Attempts initiation of guilt trip in Fe version of trolling*  *Fails*
Redirection? I'd redirect you to Mind, I think young INFJ's do this alot..   So no flaws in logic, just attention to detail, reading comprehension etc. :rolleyes:
I think the problem is that they (the poster) are made to feel better, have their feelings validated and for some reason think this means their actions are justified. Meanwhile the INFJ herd go with...
I have to agree with downsowf in saying that we're not anywhere near a homogenous group. Not that any type is but I agree that its far less so with us.  I think that's probably because of our...
I'm very open if people are genuinely curious and open minded. I'll tell people most things about me if we're getting along and I feel they're just wanting to get to know me rather than use it for...'"


3988: 'ENTP:  Pride - Biggest personality flaw. Lust - I have a good deal of control over this but I enjoy sex and physicality in excess and I'm glad I'm charming enough to get this comfort. Gluttony - I...
Okay so as an ENTP dating an ENTP, I would place a wager on Deadpool and his love interest Vanessa as a set of ENTPs. I'm sure I will hear arguments for her as ENFP but I'm pretty darn sure she is...
480226  ENTP squared. :D I don't care what they say, ENTP + ENTP is a glorious relationship.
INTJ  TMLT not believe MBTI to be valid?
Those that don't know me say that my ultimate vice is lust. Those that know me say it's pride. On our second or third date, my boyfriend (fellow ENTP) looked at me and said You're a narcissist with...
INFP - Gets offended real easily. I tend to like them and they tend to not like me. INFJ - Haven't met very many, at least not that I've become close with. ENFP - One of my favorite types, the...
ESFP  TMLT be best at keeping in touch long distance and TMLT be worst at it?
I'm curious why.
Either a really hippie Fi user or a really evil Ti user.  TMLT enjoy clothes shopping?
Everyone I've had serious feelings for has been INTJ, ENTP or ENFP.
My doggo is probably INFP. She's an aussie who thinks she's a pug. Calmest dog in the entire world, would probably lie on the couch all day. The only thing that makes her excited and bouncy is if you...
459057
INTJ or INTP. Both of my relationships that lasted over a year were with INTJs and I am still friends with both. Both of my best friends are INTP. Interesting people, both types. ENTJs are too bossy...
Haaaaa. Oh Fi users. More than me having a problem with them, they all seem to really dislike me. I come off intense and sometimes offensive. I'm aware of this but above all else value honesty and...
INXP.  TMLT write poetry that's actually good?
I only have slight insecurities about my intelligence when I'm wrong. It's rare but it happens. ;) And honestly, I love it.   I don't see how the conversation became about intelligence though. All...
EXFP, yikes.  D-d-double time. TMLT start a conga line while drunk and TMLT refuse to join despite a lot of goading?
I'm strongly T and not great at math. My brain thinks big picture and busy work such as calculation catches it up. I know the stereotype is that NTs tend to be STEM types but some ENTPs seem drawn...
I think it really depends on the guy. My last relationship of two years with an INTJ lasted so long because I am so bold and we both don't fear conflict/debate. In fact, he and I remain friends to...
Buddy: Why do you believe so strongly in ___, ENTP? ENTP: I heard something about it on Fox News, it seemed to make sense and so I didn't question any further! Buddy: ENTP, here's why you're wrong....
ISFP.  TMLT have a fursona or believe themself to be otherkin?
Short and curvy ENTP female. My boyfriend is a tall, average weight ENTP male. I doubt there's a correlation.  Edit: However, the correlation between being ENTP and perfect is definitely prevalent.
I am an ENTP female who does not bite her tongue when she wants to debate or make crude jokes and it results in my female friend group being very limited. Culturally, it seems that politeness and...
Let's go ESFP.  TMLT buy 10 lap dances from one stripper in order to tell her the entire story of Fellowship of The Ring?
His detail with the languages is impecable. You can surely tell where his interests fell. Honestly, I felt like The Silmarillion read like the Bible. Fascinating but the names were hard to keep track...
Yeah, as stated earlier in thread - Nolan charts are a lot more informative. For the sake of ease (a mistake amongst fellow NTs, should have known you all would be peeved) I created a five option...
Most Modest Mouse screams INTX to me. Most Franz Ferdinand screams ENTX to me. Edit: Perhaps ENFX too?
I was in Kindergarten when my mom read me The Hobbit. In third grade, I finished the trilogy for the first time and in sophomore year of high school, I moved on to Tolkien's extended works...
I'm a huge Tolkien fan. :)
Ooh. My ex told me to read those at one point. Sounds worth it.
I'm not blaming the teacher at all, I simply said that I flunked for mistakes in calculation. No blame on anyone. It's just what happened. Where is all the emotion coming from?
Relatable. What book is that?
I'm also a strong economic libertarian but I believe social issues have a strong place in Keeping The Peace and lean strongly progressive when it comes to them.
I got into Gaiman after reading Good Omens, actually. I reckon that ENTPs can especially appreciate both authors because we are so fond of clever wordplay.  I've never read Jim Butcher actually.
I would never give up my N, they can pry it from my cold, dead hands. I am definitely closer to F than S, as it is. Some of the coolest people I know are ENFP. Easy decision.
Both make my favorite authors list too! Especially Gaiman. American Gods remains one of my all time favorites. Wee Free Men by Pratchett brings me back to early middle school, damn. You have good...
What is Nietzsche usually typed as? INTP? My INTP friend is really interested in Nietzsche. Talk about dark.  I've heard it translated as The Stranger but The Outsider really does make more sense....
Ah, and see, I've never read The Stranger. Camus is interesting though, I've only skimmed the surface with him. Existentialism is such an interesting and varied school of thought.
He is without a doubt feeling-centered. Part of why I find his work so fascinating. Apparently, he was always a melancholic character who carried a lot of baggage. How I'd love to go back and meet...
Thanks! He's my favorite philosopher and fascinating character to boot. His short-lived affair/engagement to Regine Olsen is a great study of character. I wonder what his MBTI would be.
I agree that the four-point spectrum makes a lot more sense. However, part of this post was too see how many NTs identified as moderate versus extreme. I am also an ENTP libertarian and progressive...
Pretty sure my father is an ESFJ so there's a lot to joke about ;)
The Scientist by Coldplay is INTJ in a relationship. How do feelings?
User Cesspool bringing the heat.
Where do you, an NT, lean politically?
ENFP.  TMLT be late to a job interview and still get the job?
I understand theorem quicker than anyone in the class. I get Fs on my work because I make a silly mistake in the actual calculation. Is this a typical ENTP thing? I also have dyscalcula which adds to...
I am definitely competitive in a childlike and lighthearted way. I love challenges and games and winning is so fun. But not in a scary ENTJ way. And that kind of thing takes all the fun out of the...
See, this is interesting because my boyfriend is an ENTP and though most people recommend dating a different type, our relationship comes much more naturally than any I have previously been in. My...
ENFP.  TMLT survive longest when stranded on an island?'"


4014: The beauty of something that doesn't exist? I'd rather not
If I need special glasses to see their beauty it's not beauty anymore
If only those beautiful stars were real
Let's seduce them  You're like a star, you're beautiful only from a distan- no, that's not how picking up goes
I am talking cake
You can be a source of entertainment for a few hours
Cake sucks.
Hello, guys
Hello
I'll have one, thank you.  *Drinks it greedily*
Man, nobody cares about us today
Let's hope ENFP's like us more than ENFJ's *wipes tear*
What's the point of invading if there's nothing to invade?
They may simply not be interested  Let's return to our true lovers, the INFJ's :unsure:
Where do you find all these photo's? Do you have 'em saved up for the perfect occasion?
Is that a filter or what? The photo looks weird as hell
And so, it begins.
Hello! I hope you have a nice time here.
Alright, going to sleep, I have a schedule to respect (unfortunately). Have a great time!
If someone witnesses face to face to you that they have a crush on you, how do you react?
Sounds reasonable :P
Hello! Glad to see another ENTP joining our ranks :)
Yeah, it is.  What are your biggest fears? I'm afraid of being irrelevant. I'm afraid of living a boring life with a 9 to 5 job. I'm afraid of being just another nobody. I want to leave my mark on...
Well, it may help you, since you're introverted. However, if I do that, I become quite sad and miserable. I hate recognizing it, but this routine of debating and talking with the people I interact...
Oh, I think I've misunderstood your affirmation.  I agree. Too many douchebags and too many bitchy girls for my liking IRL. Makes me feel intellectually unsatisfied.
Don't take us too seriously. If I'm not wrong, you do tend to do that kind of thing ;)  Yes, these jokes are cheesy. Yes, this thread is weird. That doesn't mean we're douche bags.
Welp, sorry for redirecting the purpose of the thread  Have a great night, everyone
That's what happens when you're surrounded by shallow, dumb people.  I wish I met someone in real life who thinks as I do. It's too bad it's not gonna happen very soon.
If only all the girls had the same opinion as you, I would get all the ladies  But, most of the ones I know are interested in shallow boys they like only because they're douchebags  Oh, well
Well, not all invasions last forever
Did the INFJ invasion die? :(
Yeah, he is an ENTP  Hot, though? In an unconventional way, I guess.
They don't exist, really
Oh, so it's basically a thread where all the types socialize? sounds kinda cool
What is that event all about?
Not kinky enough for some of us
Will take that into consideration
It's still going :)
We're invading your thread to seduce you and you ignore us and turn your attention on another INFJ? Heretic!
Everybody is big and tough on the Internet
The only issue with that is that you're too shy to try to seduce any sorts of extroverted
Well, they are quite rare
It's not a sausage fest as long as we have the INFJ women on the other side
I'm back to serve (maybe this time I'll actually get the ladies)
Oh, alright.
Do we invade anybody today?
Our lust is insatiable. Must...have...more...invasi-  *blacks out*
Thank the both of you for stroking our massive ego's.
Makes sense.
Man, you surely like talking.  It's hard to get a INFJ out of their shell, but, if you manage to do that, they'll talk with you for days, it seems.  It looked fun. A pity I had to go to sleep to..."


4015: 'ISFJ   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ud432qsHww
Entj
ISTJ  In no particular order.   Tyrion http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/12/123851/2498598-game_of_thrones_tyrion_lannister.jpg Petyr Littlefinger Baelish...
INTP  Type most likely to be an atheist.
Entj
01010100 01001001 01010100 01010011 00100001
Welcome to the Internet. Beware! For the internet is dark and full of terrors. If you don't like it, don't let the door hit you on the way out.
ENXP  Type most likely to be a hoarder.
I guess everyone really likes ISTP's.
Personal Concepts   1. What is beauty? What is love?   Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. What one man finds beautiful, another may find detestable.  Love is an intense feeling of deep...
INFJ   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Gv0H-vPoDc
ESTJ or ISTJ is what I'm getting from this.
ENTJ: Roose Bolton(Game Of Thrones) INTJ: Petyr Littlefinger Baelish(Game Of Thrones) ENTP: Hades(Hercules) INTP: Owlman(Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths) INFJ: Clyde Shelton(Law Abiding...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZvFNQjYB6Q
The ability to alter reality like Bugs Bunny or Cheshire Cat.
1) What is your MBTI type? ENTP  2) What is your gender? Male  3) What type do you admire/respect the most? (Why?) INTJ/ENTJ - They can actually hold a conversation with me.  4) What type do...
ISFJ  Type most likely to play as an opposite sex character in an online game.
Infp
https://backwardstimemachine.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/20131129-091033.jpg
You should do one of these questionnaires and post it to give us more info.  http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/99679-whats-my-type-questionnaire.html  There are other...
Of course I love spicy food. :)  http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5tl6endb61qbutgno3_500.gif
ESTP  Type most likely to re-edit their posts multiple times.
Istp
Twilight: A story about a girl's choice between bestiality and necrophilia. Also the main vampire guy is over 100 years old and stalks a high school girl. Creepy pedo much?
INFP   Type most likely to have 50 browser tabs open at once.
1. God probably doesn't exist.  2. People of certain groups need to stop using tragic events as an excuse to riot, loot, burn down businesses, and hurt others.  3. Islam is NOT a religion of...
1. INTJ 2. ENFJ Type most likely to believe in conspiracy theories?(Reptilians, Illuminati, 9/11 truthers)
INTJ   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iOKV9Stri_M
Yes, an ISFJ can be intuitive just like an INTP can have feelings.
Elsa - ISFJ Anna - ENFP Kristoff - ISTP Olaf - ESFP Hans - ENFJ
1. #2 Is what I meant. 2. INFJ 3. Type most likely to become an anarchist.
INTP  Type most likely given to Satan.
ESTJ  Type most likely to be a racist.
Slipknot: You either love them or you hate them.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qw2LU1yS7aw
Most ENTP's and INTP's tend to go with visual and kinesthetic approaches to learning.  Source:...
After reading more into it I realized than I'm definitely Ne. I've also noticed 3/4 members in my family are also Ne. I fall into the Ne stereotype of obsessing over something for a while, then get...
Here are my notes from your post.  Ti IIIII Te  Ne III Ni  Se  Si II Fe III Fi I
My observation of your post.  Ti IIII Te IIIII Ne IIII Ni III Se III Si I Fe IIII Fi I
Through reading this post and your other posts on other pages, here's how your functions tallied up.  Ti IIIIIII Te IIIIII Fi IIII Fe II Ni IIIII Ne I Si  Se IIIII
I could be wrong, but I got ISFJ for you.
Captain America: ESFJ Hulk: INTP(when he's not a giant, green, raging monster.) Thor: ESFP Iron Man: ENTP Black Widow: ISTP Hawkeye: ISTP Loki: INFJ Bonus! Peter Parker: INTP/Spiderman:ENTP
Care to elaborate?
It's mainly T and N I switch around a lot. Some examples:  Te: Take deadlines seriously, prefer planning things in advance rather than spontaneously, taking notes when learning. Ti: Critical...
I think over the years, I've been able to develop the ability to use both introverted and extroverted sides of most functions. For example, I constantly see myself using both Ti and Te. (Te: planning...
Introvert(56%)  Sensing(88%)  Feeling(100%)  Perceiving(44%)  You have moderate preference of Introversion over Extraversion (56%) You have strong preference of Sensing over Intuition (88%) You...
ENFJ  Type most likely to become a pirate.
ESFP   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HLF9a1UF6Y
The ENTP's experimental nature is perfect for trolling.
Estp
Game of Thrones.'"


4017: 'I would, but the last time I participated in one of these types of threads I got a strike from a mod for a personal attack.  Seems to be quite oxymoronic (moronic too) in a thread for recreational...
Pineapple Express, Superbad, The Hangover, and The Weather Man are a few of my favorite comedies.  I'd say The Weather Man, Superbad, Happiness, and Weeds are good representations of my sense of...
Everything is a joke.  It's surreal to me how serious people tend to take themselves and life in general.
This is like the last half of a teen romantic comedy.  You sound very much like me.  I'm quite indecisive about where I stand on the NT spectrum, and have gone from INTJ to INTP to ENTP.  I...
You are correct.  Still find myself to be in quite a grey area, but who knows.  In my stray visit back to this forum, I'm quite impressed with where this thread has gone.  The amount of butthurt is...
By authenticity I am referring to not half-assing things.  It has nothing to do with individuality, as the term is often associated with.    That's precisely what I mean.  If I'm going to do it,...
I'm the type of person that believes in always doing things properly and to the most effective extent.  I can't stand rinky-dink ways of doing things, and it truly bothers me when people half-ass...
Apologies to nadjasix and to you for my false stats.
I found my statistic a while back, and I have no idea where.  I've been Googling to no avail.    http://i.qkme.me/19a1.jpg  JUST ESTABLISHING A SENSE OF NON-EVASIVENESS.
From what I'm reading, this is confirming what I said.  Women are 2/3 more likely to be victims of violence, while women only comprise 23% of homicidal victims.  It doesn't speak of domestic...
But... But... I'm always arguing.
This is false. Most spousal abuse is from the husband, however most spousal murder is from the wife.  I don't know why stereotypically men are associated with murder.  Bitches be crazy.
I hate this shit.  It just makes you sound meek.  Adding little smileys to the end of your sentence will have the same effect.
I find out where they live and eat their pets.  Alternatively, I devise a master plan to turn their family into chili and unknowingly feed it to them.
Both sound about right.  Either way, your feeling didn't develop until you aged, indicating that it surely isn't your primary.
As an addon, I'm almost positive that I am a Socionics INTp or ENTj--either way I relate to Socionics Ni very well. Additionally, the The know-it-all windbag who has lots of information about many...
I enjoyed this statement.  Fi isn't particularly about sensitivity, though.  Many Fi users tend to keep their emotions locked up.
If you found that your feeling did not develop until your teens, it is most likely that your auxiliary function is feeling.  Look into ENFP.  Ne is all about those creative juices.
No.  It is not possible for any magical mixes like that, however it is important to understand that every type consists of every cognitive function in different orders.  Certain personalities are...
Interesting analysis.  I'd say that I'm quite in between.  I like having a wide variety of knowledge, however I also like digging deep into things and their details.  I see details as being just as...
I actually made a post in the typing subforum earlier today.  Hopefully that goes somewhere...  Never have I really felt confident in my type.
The lack of responses is everyone's way of subtly telling you they don't want to look through your posts.
Fuck, tell me about this shit.  Just recently Newegg had a sale on Samsung 830 128GB SSDs for $90--30% off.  Started at midnight.  All-fucking-gone by the time I got to the sale at 12 noon.  Ended up...
I like hearing myself talk too...  http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/003/617/okayguy.jpg
Here comes another of the same thread you've read weekly for the past 2 years of this forum's existence.  At this point, I'm not sure what type I am.  Ti has always resonated with me in that I...
I finally feel like I've contributed something to this forum because I posted ThatZak on the YouTube thread a few days ago, indirectly causing it to end up here.
Pretty much the same here.  I hated everyone in elementary school.  I went to elementary school in quite a small town where everyone was stupid and said shit like that.  Most of them were incapable...
A favorite character of mine and something of an influential fictional person for me, Jack Donaghy, portrayed perfectly by Alec Baldwin.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VP4E9CtQIxo
This is you.
I don't understand why you would assume that someone wouldn't be a YouTuber merely because they are an INTP.  I'd love to do a comedy thing on YouTube like that.  It'd pretty much play out just like...
Thatzak is my favorite YouTuber, who confirmed my suspicions of INTPness in a recent video where he directly stated that he was one.  I also love video game griefing/trolling videos.  Most recently...
Now I'm imagining you doing one of these to 1984.
Gervais is an ENTP.  The Office (both regions) is a very good INTP show.  I like things that aren't as much directly funny as they are presented in a way in which I have to make them funny.  Shows...
Anger is irrational.  I suppose anger is one of the few instances which I stray from rationality.  It not so much bothers me when things don't go my way, but rather when things contrast my way so...
For me it is receiving a non-desired result.  Nothing else comes close in anger.
That's generally the chain of action for forums.
Throw me into this cool-kid bin.
lik dis if u cry evry time.
Me too--just about 2 years ago.  Started off with what was suspected was swine flu (However there was no need for them to determine either way.  All I know is that it was horrible.), and from there I...
Goddamnit, I tell you, graduating is too mainstream!  It's about time some of us ballsed up and flunked out.
I'm neither partial nor impartial to it.  I'm not particularly design-oriented, however I am very much a theorist.  Good words to describe me: Logician Strategist Engineer Analyst  I think if...
You can argue 360 vs PS3 all you want, but what it all comes down to is that PC is the superior platform.  You receive a much better experience than on console if you put enough money into your build...
delete
Take nadjasix's advice on this one.  She's seen shit.  You can also go to her for stories about wild encounters with movie stars.
Let's get married.  I love hearing the sentences that NFs produce.  I think that is beautiful.
Come to think of it, at one point I had a L wallpaper that I made.  I found a very similar font to the one used for L, and made one for the letter D (first letter of my name) in white on a black...
I like the song from that page.
I don't think I'm capable of listening to my own voice to hear similarities, as it's been my voice so long that it's become a binary value at this point.  I do, however, think I sound very much like...
What's your current wallpaper?  Mine, self made.  FagoCo Caps font with a character and quote from someecards.
Seem a bit too systematically boring to me.  That is, searching around on a hard drive for shit and recovering it.   Regular forensics seems interesting to me, however, as it relies more on...'"


4029: 'Sell this thread to ebay, you'll make some money
Satisfy my curiosity and need to understand the world.
cool story bro.men brains don't work that way.
Fear of failure and incompetence.
I have no desire to socialize and feel comfortable spending months alone. However, when I am in public, I am the life of the party, I'm the dominant person of the group and I never feel exhausted...
Am I the only who thinks this is a stupid idea?Think about it, how much land and money is being wasted on cemeteries.All these bodies could be used for medicine students, research purposes, to feed...
Bring dead back to life.
I avoid reading cause I forget immediately what I read 10 seconds ago and have to go back and read it again.
Morality stops you from doing certain things, which I consider a weakness.It prevents humans from reaching their full potential.
To act on my homicidal fantasies and get in touch with nature by exploring it.
Zoologist,psychologist,pathologist,thief :D
Your overall percentile is 28% which means you scored higher than 28% of the people who have taken this test. Retardation level:OVER 9000!!!!
The Wire is masterpiece, I got hooked up today.Try this: IMDb: Highest Rated TV Series With At Least 5,000 Votes
Actually I don't love anyone so I guess I can't answer your question.
Why being a predator and using other people for personal profit is stupid?I find it clever if you can get away with it.
Lol Extraverted (E) 50% Introverted (I) 50% Intuitive (N) 86% Sensing (S) 14% Thinking (T) 90% Feeling (F) 10% Perceiving (P) 86% Judging (J) 14%
Why in Deutschland or Norway?Why not somewhere else?
I confess that I have homicidal fantasies
A doctor who sells organs to black market,drugs cook,any heist, serial killer :P.
24 Trolololol T_T.
Me either.Big time.That's why I visit them every 3 months.
Breaking bad
Hello fellow.I am 15 year old student too T_T.It's funny because you seek Extraversion and I seek Introversion, detachment.I want to master Ti.Maybe because all my classmates are damn alcohol or...
Damn you sniper.
Sure.I do it 100 times a day at school.
Nothing  special.A typical hero wins the day.Casual and predictable story line, expensive and nice effects.Though I enjoyed Hugo weaving's acting and Red Skull and Dr.Zola characters.Go villains!
I don't like acting but a lot of people say I would make a great comedian.
Medicine for sure.
I love ISTPs.
I am  comfortable being alone without any friends interaction for months while not feeling unhappy.And at the same time I have no trouble socializing, talking to strangers,entertaining crowd etc.I...
Stupid people.
No best friends T_T
Global 5: sloan RCUEI; sloan+ xcU|E|I; primary Egocentric; R(52%)C(56%)U(76%)E(78%)I(76%)     Pretty accurate ~85%.Am I the only one who likes animals more than people here?
Why do you act so differently?
No sir, he didn't
I was very unfocused during first 4 years of my school.We had a board with all kids names.If you did something wrong you got a 'point'. I was the one with most 'points' .The 5th-8th grades were...
I like to create debate even without any logical goal and try to force people to be a part of that debate just to entertain me, which usually piss people off, so yeah I am selfish.
Math is same useless routine.Fuck math!
Your Type is ISFJ IntrovertedSensingFeelingJudging Strength of the preferences % E:11S:50F:88J:67 Nice it worked
I'm ENTP and I am 5.I tested two times T_T.It can't be true.
I got pissed when Red Skull in Captain America died :(.Villains are so attractive to me
Hyena.Loyal towards I really love, social,clever.
Yes Yes Yes.I wonder why some people talk and others not?
People who cant answer a simple question Why do you believe in god?
I'm witty remarks specialist.I found that if I say most serious thing in the world people still laugh because they think I said funny thing.ENTP life.
In the end of the class mostly.If not in the end class I always choose to sit alone because i hate a lot questions about how to do that, can you explain me bla bla.People are so dumb!Also they...
Should I use paper or money in toilet?Girl just try it and see what happens.If you like him, do him hard.
no wonder that we are cousins
Man I think same as you do.All heroes so annoy me, every time i watch movie I want the bad guys to win in the end of the day but that never happens :(.I want to spread chaos to world.
I suck at psychics, math, chemia.That pisses me off cause I want to study medicine.I have 10 in biology.'"


4037: I like how you phrased that. xD
I've had an abusive childhood. I'd say, about 6-7 on a scale of 10 (it is possible that I judge more harshly than others would but there is no absolute measure to be had).   I've always been aware...
Thank you Perc mods :* <3
May I please be named   in that exact font?   If that cannot be done, can my name please be changed to Kisshoten?
huh, I suppose I should give the book another read.   Great case, though. Thanks
Yeah, I get that.    This is the stuff that contributes to the impression that Trump is 8. But that's what I'm saying, it isn't real. All the fearlessness, etc. it's all just bluster. As for...
I was of the opinion that Trump was a 2 until someone I know and consider to be well versed with how types worked made a very good argument about 2s typically being soft, which is when I shifted to...
This is one of the characters of Theophrastus -    I think this is Trump from Theophrastus' time. And Naranjo classified this Theophrastian character under E2.   Just saying.
BUMP  I go with 3 although I can't be sure. First impression was 8 but it seems wrong.   I know very little of this guy and what I know of him makes me lean away from 8 because of how much of it...
@Occams Chainsaw  I recall you PM'd me once about something and then the astrology thing in my interests section made you react (I mean the content of the PM and the way you had phrased it wrt...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rS5sIaD-SFc&feature=share  I thought that I warned you about the woods:the pain they caused me, the life it took. But, here you are now centered & stark. The sun...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfIOBLr1NDU  At least someone will appreciate the humor xD
I guess I found some stuff. A lot of ILE's have written about their experiences and I relate. But none of them had any tips on how to deal. :(  I seek solutions... ;(
I'm just asking, not specifically asking you.   But seriously, I'm way in over my head. I might lose my shit without warning and that scares me xD
Want more...  How do I deal? How do I learn to not let it (fucking Fi) fuck me up?!
I wish there was more info out there on Fi PoLR. I'm trying to overcome Fi PoLR and the associate fears through understanding...   But I was screwed over by life.. :(  EDIT: please share some...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suQ7gW-ITis  Enjoy, me hearties.
https://soundcloud.com/zedsdead/blue-foundation-eyes-on-fire-zeds-dead-remix  I'll seek you out, baby..
@FearAndTrembling    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LebhLpxBSk   I can see it all tonight underneath a perfect sky Where the universe revolves around the pupil of an eye And infinities...
I wanted to reach 3000 posts so badly a few days ago..  now I couldn't care less  Why, Yasuo? WHY?!
I adopted a more strategic approach. I bided my time, so to speak and expressed my independence when the time had come. :)  I know I cannot be controlled and when the time came my wild nature...
Yeah, the Italians and damn near everyone else, except maybe West Europeans and Americans (based on my impressions from Russell Peters), know what it is to be a little, defenseless child before...
I thought hitting your kids could land you in trouble with Child Care Services. We don't have those out here. So, yeah, my generation of kids were at our parents' mercy, more or less. Some of us have...
My understanding of parenting in NA comes from Russell Peters. I can hardly be blamed. xD
Ah, I didn't think parents whooped their kids' asses in the US.
I have no idea. Never tasted one xD
I want more posts....  MOAR!!!  Need to post more....
Aren't blue candy hearts the best?  :kitteh:
sweet insanity
hmm.... I suck at introductions  1) Age or Age Range?  27  2) City, Country and/or Region?  heh.. let's say, I'm from the other side  3) Tell us something about your social life?  It doesn't...
gonna share on fb
Obviously I know next to nothing about you, so take this with a generous helping of salt.   Iirc, I saw a vid of you and thought you were 9. Unless something about you in that video was contrived,...
Ooh.. something I missed commenting on.   Askers basically 'ask' to be interrupted because they love dialogues. Declares are more into monologues and being interrupted fucks up their mojo. You...
The dichotomies worked pretty well for me, except for a few which weren't as clear cut.
Chaotic Neutral, True Neutral and Chaotic good. :P
I iz Vergil of de mafias of de PerCies.   You might remember me from theme games such as Titanomachy, Cthulhu Mythos and most recently, South Park.   *crickets chirp*  Thank you.. :crying:
I know a greater irony :D  (yay one-upmanship!)  I could kill you (coz u haz tigey picture) and use your corpse as fertilizer in my garden. :D  The only problem is.. how do I cover it up?...
I'm a human being and therefore a representative of the apex, apex predator species of this world and I'm vegetarian. <-- That is a greater irony than my love for cats.   But, point taken..
:rolls eyes:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M51rijkxa_4
Lol... so much for my hare conclusion.   :sigh:
So I was right. It was a hare.   And yes, cats are small where I'm from.    I don't get the irony, unless you're referring to the fact that I thought the dead creature was a hare before FaT...
I kinda got lost after the 40 min mark, mostly because I know no one on that list of great stars. :P  But I want to share something that I felt was somehow connected. (It could just be my Ne going...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw9nX0po_8I  a very type 2 song, methinks...  But I like it all the same.. :P
https://soundcloud.com/itseargasmic/ark-patrol-voyager
https://soundcloud.com/styline/break-yourself
Greyhart  I've always wanted to tell you that your accent is sexy as fuck. :P  I saw your typing video.   I don't know why I didn't tell you before this, but yeah, now that I remember.. I...
Does anyone know of horror writers that are like H P Lovecraft?   I want to feel enthralled and creeped out at the same time.
This makes me hungry..
can't sleep"


4040: 'Sort of. Ended up with programming and writing.   It's an OK fit.
ENTP Information Technology/IT (Multimedia development) Have to admit it wasn't my first choice but to get a leg up for migration purposes, at the time.  Looking to go back to school in a few...
First job as in lasted a month or for two years?  The former: pizza maker The latter: press release writer.
Graduated about one and a half years ago now, but I guess that's still 'recent' in the grand scheme of things.  First job I had wasn't very relevant to my degree but related to the part-time work I...
Sounds like derealization or depersonalization.
Terraria. A few weeks ago i was playing Undertale and Don't Starve Together. For a large part of this year, Pillars of Eternity :)
That was me 3 years ago, dunno wtf i was yapping about. :P Since then, I've actually found out that i ain't an INTP or an enneagram 5w4.
So all these actually happened. Heh. :P  That was 2 and a half years ago.  And now for new ones.   *I pass all my exams for this final semester of uni. *Current boyfriend and i stay friends or...
Could i have mine changed to 'Kitagawa Megumi'  :D ?
Username Core type Secondary type Tertiary type Instinctual subtype francescleary 1w2 3w2 8w9 deSouza 1w2 7w8 2w3 sx/sp/so Trivial 1w2 7w8 3w4 so/sp/sx wohonajax 1w9 5w6 2w3 so/sx/sp William I...
i said it in 2013: Compassionate men with a fatherly vibe, and being cuddled while fed with cupcakes. Just fucking love those cupcakes.  still stands true in 2015.
First things first, your verbosity is atrocious. The attitude reeking from your convoluted written thoughts just screams, Lecture time, kids! You do realize that no one is going to take you...
These days, I try not to think much about someone's actions -- but that's the problem, I've an inability to flirt right back, it seems. Similar to you, I really think on it before giving someone a...
That's true.   What do you mean? Not picking unsuitable matches to avoid commitment, knowing you will have to improvement more? *confused* Are you saying that I may be picking unavailable people...
Hello there. How should I start this. I'm tired of letting people, situations, opportunities slip by so easily from my fingers. I blame it on..... me. If I tried harder, but I don't... this is...
What do you mean that I shouldn't have such a rough path? o.O  Mmm yes, reductionist style. Yup, comic strips -- not action. I'll do that, practice caricatures :)
Ideally, I'd like to start a web-comic. :)
So, I'm quite new to digital art. This is Timmy, the Robot.   85007  Feedback is much appreciated! I'm trying to make his head look like a lava lamp. Does it look like one? Any digital art pros...
Your desire for a relationship stems from feelings of ____ (fill in the blanks) due to having not been in a relationship all your life. Maybe you feel as though you've missed out on that aspect of...
Just keep colouring that shit gal, hell, do not give up on playing the piano and do take up another 2-3 instruments. Your crazy folks have issues, they're not your issues. Do not go binge eating. 12...
Taking a shower. I just got home from my first shift as a waitress. I. am. dead. tired.
I am demisexual. I think the main thing to take away from it is that demisexuals do not experience primary attraction which involves personality, physical appearance and social status. Sure, some guy...
You have options, and then you might not have options. It depends on the way you see things, do you see a dead-end? Oh I don't have money for a nose job, I'm screwed! or you could walk through that...
Writer (Proof-reading, editing, press-release writing, comic book writer, creative writer) Comic book artist Baker Electronic musician Photographer  Now i must do what i must do. Writing,...
I'm finding it hard to decide on when it is sensible to let go of a friendship/relation. And even when I have severed ties, I try to reconnect but it fails and I find myself getting into this cycle...
Judgmental thinking, pride in the sense of thinking you know the absolute truth which makes you supposedly superior and so you get to be a jackass (read:inconsiderate and lacking in empathy) :) Thus...
On the contrary, in my experience I've become very much emotionally attached to one or two people in my life thus far. Even when we haven't seen each other in weeks or months, those Fe-laden moments...
Boobs.
ya'll are so cute I just want to hug the living shit out of every one of you!
Compassionate men with a fatherly vibe, and being cuddled while fed with cupcakes. Just fucking love those cupcakes.
I think the point is not to wait, rather, to divert your attention elsewhere in order to first care for yourself but still remain open-minded about change; say, someone comes along and naturally you...
Well, my point was that when you meet with a dead end, you could walk through it. Your feelings of being shamed and rejected, those memories stay with you and can strengthen you or you can choose to...
Hmmm... it's nearly 5am over here and I am burnt out from trying to find a second job on my end. You know what, actually, I was born in Singapore too. However, I've been studying at Melbourne,...
I wake up to a beautiful world where we're no longer self-conscious.
Orgy partaaaay!
I can tell by the photo, assuming that you are indeed a guy with ripped jeans.  So do you really identify with ESTP? *Can't tell if being serious*
I love dat dog.
o.o wat just happened here.
Dat nose will grow in less than 15 seconds.
- Expressing feelings at an appropriate time - Regulation of emotions: Meditating, reading texts on non-violent communication, alan watts etc helps, however. - Communicating, seem to...
My make-up routine consists of a calendula moisturiser, oil-free sunscreen or bb cream, a little foundation, mineral setting powder, lip balm and chapstick. Sometimes a little bit of eye liner now...
I wish I could give you more, but then I'll break the law. :s
Solar Fields's music is amazing, so is Mike Oldfield :) I think saying that the music is meaningless isn't true but we might be arguing semantics there then. I think these non-vocal kinds of music...
Yep, when I lost my patience/empathy for this INFP, I just went all out with the tactlessness. I knew that it was sort of cherry-picking of the negatives as the INFP had put it but what else did he...
Agree with previous posters that you should give him a longer silent treatment, and when he contacts you again - show indifference, you don't appreciate his can't handle it gaff, so you could try...
I've had these fantasies of tying up men I've known, then beating them up and sexing them. Mostly beating them up, however. Not sure why, maybe I'd cry when I see them really hurt? In real life, on...
No MMO for me. Just spent the last 6 hours playing Don't Starve, it was released on steam afew days ago. 2D wilderness survival with witty remarks laced with dark humor around every corner of...
Amen Sister!
I get very good at using illustrator.  Make an epic tour throughout Melbourne, taking lots of photographs. Be less self-conscious/egotism, stepping up to challenges with a little more optimism....
I was in an FWB with a slightly older male INFP. Like you, it started off as experimenting, and at some point it became an FWB. Honestly, it was my first real experience with physical touch as well,...'"


4055: 'Haha does it? How does he deal with it, do you know? Out of curiosity. :)
I'unnooo what I'm feelin'!  Kinda discontent and anxious. Kinda thoughtful.  Kinda silly.
I dreamt about a friend of mine I miss. He's cross with me. I'm cross with him.  We were happy and chill and stuff, in my dream.  Oh man, sentimental. ;')
In-n-Out   I love-hate living right next to one. IT'S TOO EASY TO EAT
In bed again! Thinking again!   Back hurts and mood's a bit... I'unno, tough to identify!  Hm!
Hm, it was tough at first. There was a point where I was so uncomfortable with who I was I became very anxious and reserved. It's difficult being unorthodox in the eyes of others, but take some...
Fill me in on this postman! What's the story behind that?
Ooh, interesting. I'm the same way about rejecting people.  I'm obstinately argumentative, but when it comes to dealing out rejection, it's way too tough.   @digitalbum - Haha, man I remember when...
I have one about Jonestown, but the punchline's too long.
http://i.imgur.com/EIs5s3O.jpg
What? INFJ? Are you kidding me? I think ENTPs are way more compatible with SJs.
I'm sure the NSA already knows. ;D (Heya NSA!) But yeah, let's go contact the CIA!  I wonder if they'll give us medals in reward. I hope they tell us to believe and achieve. ;) Today was a good...
But what happens if the napkin was made in China?! I'm beginning to suspect an overseas conspiracy.
transient global amnesia psychology  Studyin'.  & forgettin'. (Fine, pun intended.)  I'm too tired to memorize.
Leaning towards the ninja. Or perhaps a rabid rabbit.  Hm!
I think I read the same thing on a fortune cookie.  So comes the question: who plagiarized who?  Is the napkin the guilty party?
Well. People can either find me in prison or at home.  Same thing!   I've never met another female ENTP irl. So I'm thinking. Geez. Where DO I hang out?  And... And... ...Where do YOU girls...
I want to be one too.
Why not both? They can both enchant an audience!  Although the first may just spread rabies.  Eh. Same thing. They're both outta their minds, either way.  I'm not a picky girl. <3
Speaking of magical, magic! I need to learn how to magic one of these days. Magician time.   Hahaha. Comedy's great in a lot of ways. You know, I think it allows for a person to be unconventional...
It's one of my greatest joys too. I love making people laugh. :)  I think what I appreciate though, is the attention and having the presence of an audience. I was wondering about why I enjoyed it...
@Marisa -   Heh, unfortunately humility itself is considered a virtue. ;) ! That's probably exactly why our bluntness toward acknowledging our achievements shocks some.   Being self-aware is a...
I don't think so, at least not as what summarizes us as a type.   Our humor tends to be heavily cerebral with hints of irony in it. We definitely have our silly moments and they can be outrageous,...
Haha ahh, only a few years of travel? I think that's a fun/good idea. Go discover and learn and experience! Don't live regretting not doing something, imo.   You can take online courses in the...
Fruit. :p  Thank God for my boyfriend. I don't go grocery shopping often. I had no food. He dragged my ass (very sweetly and kindly) to Ralph's and helped me stock up on goodies.  & he patiently...
Ahh. I'm gonna find out what's possibly wrecked with my spine. ;(  Doctor visits can def be scary. But hey!  If anything is the matter, you'll get it all treated - no more anxiety from worrying...
Wanting the exact same thing right now. :) ! I'm getting a report of an MRI tomo, then a follow up for something else on Tues.   Good luck! At least for the time being, I hope for your mental...
I don't know how to answer this without sounding arrogant. Haha.
I don't feel affinity for groups. I usually go for a bit, find some people I click with, then I'm done with it. I've tried joining clubs and other things with the intent to stay, but found I...
When you know that you know nothing. It's peaceful. :)
In bed. Thinking! Plotting. Reading!   My mind is energetic but my body wants sleep. ;( Haha.
But. Haha. Hmm! I'm kind of torn on how to answer this! I agree that youth is great for exploration, but youth is also arguably the best time to prepare for your future, occupation, & you know the...
I see it as possessing both a realistic view of one's self and the world. Neither too much hubris or timidity.  Personality wise when used romantically, I define it as being relatable, stable and...
It depends on the situation/setting and what I want from it + how I want to appear. Usually though, sure, yep, yes! I initiate it.  But if my hellos are calculated, my goodbyes are ginormous teddy...
Texting a friend and wishing for sleep. Insomnia is so no fun!  But other than that, browsing my Constitutional Law book. Ohmygod I love Con Law. It can't give me any credits I need for my major,...
I'm so tired. Barely any sleep lately. I drove to LA and got caught in traffic... What should have been an hr commute turned into 3 hours. Then I just decided to go back home, because I was too...
I can't complain. Have a lunch to go to tomo.   Was too lazy to leave the house and was out of food. Was gonna sleep through my hunger until I noticed my kitty was out of food.  I left the house...
In bed with the kitty. She's watching me. Unblinkingly.  I feel loved. & also, somewhat mildly threatened. But mostly loved.
1) On the Radio - Regina Spektor 2) Step - Vampire Weekend 3) Fineshrine - Purity Ring 4) 100 Other Lovers - DeVotchka 5) You & Me - Diamond Rings
This was when the narrator had to force themselves to pause, as the number of story lines occurring simultaneously had triggered a migraine.
estp pls  They're pretty cool.
Lockpicking.  I want to learn, for kicks.
Yes. Emotions feel freaking foreign at times.  There's one type of mood I'm comfortable and familiar with, and that is: excitement.   But shit man, what drives me up the wall is when I'm feeling...
Starin' at my cat.  She's been watching me like a disgruntled, hungover mother since last night, when the bf came over.  Kitty barely knows him, so all night she was like: da fuq is this guy?! /NY...
ESTPs and I get along great. We may not naturally understand one another - practicality vs luv 4 da abstract, but it's amazing fun.  But they also turn me kind of evil. & vice versa.
Absolutely everything Devoid posted.  Yes.  Honestly, anything look interesting? Even something risky? Well, weigh the pros and the cons of it - is the excitement worth the risk?   I almost...
Sorry to hear you were cheated on. ;(  I can't imagine doing that to my bf (ENFJ). Surprisingly, it's because he's such a sweet person that I find the thought reprehensible. He's the type of...
Hm, not something I've ever really thought about.   Dude - Craig, Avery Dudette - Tegan, Marion  Something like that!
It can help put things into perspective.  Depending on how the person ranking things takes the results, I bet it could be insightful.   I'm certain that there are people out there who do prize...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqDjMZKf-wg'"


4071: 'How can you live with yourself? :tongue:
Another thing I wrote. :tongue:  I hear we all got participation trophies when we were kids. ... Is what the media keeps telling us. Funny, I dont remember getting any participation...
When one has to ask, ENTP is usually the answer.
I am having this issue as well. None of the avvies are showing at all now.
This might be a tad NSFW, fair warning.  He'd fallen asleep right after, spooning her, his pale hand draped over her. Except it wasn't her body now, was it? She'd nudged a pillow under his clinging...
meh
Hmm would a Cheshire cat be a Meowth, Skitty, Glameow, or sth else? :tongue:
Some kraut and kielbasa on buttered noodles. Fast, easy, cheap, delicious. :tongue:  It also struck me just now that buttered noodles are similar to pasta aglio e olio ... although the noodles,...
I'd have an orgy with the person above me :tongue:  And probably the person below me too :tongue:
https://media.giphy.com/media/tTyTbFF9uEbPW/giphy.gif
SUMMON ALL OF US MWAHAHAHAHAHAHA   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mW1dbiD_zDk
:tongue: Well maybe Dizzy then teeheehee but he saw right through you :wink:
Haldir?
Hardtack is amazing ... in cookery   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnl-jOnoYgg
And Ne  Dat sparkly sparkly sparkly Ne  https://media.giphy.com/media/cnp5B63gSse2c/giphy.gif
*totally reads the wrong way* Arf arf
*wags tail*
It is only technically an edible butter. :wink:
Eefje Is now a bad time to tell you you're cute?
Teeheehee I could spend three pages describing a bush. On a hillside. With an interestingly-shaped spring underneath.
Her handle's a type of butter. :tongue:  *whistles innocently* I'm sure you can swim ... pay no mind to those mako shark fins ...
Ethical vegetarians need to learn how to chlorophyll like plants.
That's olonny. She's really cute too! Athk her to teathch you Thpanith. (Castilian has a lisp to it.)  There is no try. There is only do.  *pushes overboard*
Mmm no Scarlet has an Ariel avvie. This one's an INFJ.
Nope, she has a Mulan avatar :wink:
Get a room, you two. :tongue:
Maybe I want you to guess who I'm talking about :tongue:   Besides, I already slept with all the INFP ones and I don't want them to know their competition.
It's probably just you.  I know an ENTP whose jealousy over her man is legen - wait for it - dary, and I myself have a history of being possessive of the women I woo. But I will note that for me,...
lol hmm Assassin Cheerleader, Knife in Flowers, Mulan's Sword, The Kitty and the Knife, and Sharp Cutting Violin, that do it for ya?  or too vague? :tongue:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XmSdTa9kaiQ
Oh an INFP or two, and an INFJ or two too :wink:
Who should I be shipped with? :tongue:
She's really good on her feet :tongue:
Hmmm suck succ off, keep nam around, shove Veil through the veil.  FMK Luna Fleur, pomPOM, Kynx
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIBTg7q9oNc
Also banned for trying to bribe me with sex :tongue:
One million Meepster clones :crazy:
Spam World threads never die! One day eventually a thread necromancer will breathe life into it and have it grace the front page again!
I keep buying booster packs stuffed with atama riding elephants naked looking for that ultra-rare holographic topless beth x shot :crying:
An exact female replica of Icy NiTe
Hey cutie, you're sexy, wanna fuck?
Is it a musket?  http://www.veteranarms.com/ReproductionMuzzleloadersandFlintlocks/Muskets_files/IMG_1661.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbXWrmQW-OE
xD He was flirting with Pommy too!  Oh dear I think Imma get an infraction soon...
Luna Fleur
... too late. :tongue:
*makes out with*
Do those things even exist anymore?  (Seriously, it's all fucking edutainment on network TV these days)
That's an awful lot of cute monsters ... Can I bang, like, all of them? :kitteh:
Meeeeeee :tongue:'"


4079: 'Ya girl if she is a prima donna like you've described than it really has nothing to do with her Ne tendancies. The example I give a lot about this whole land of ideas/S reality is my long time...
Ok let an entp explain the enfp ability to do this...it is NOT personal at all that she would say hey I should have you over and than not invite. It is the the cross wiring of the IS vs EN...enfp...
Well..I am an ENTP and I've heard of the same thing for the ENTPs but I am a believer. I will quote you something I wrote on a thread to a self absorbed person who thought the world was going to pot...
@loseralwayzwins  How do you ask out a lady normally?
INFJ---which i knew already and have only met one as far as I know.   I have been in love with various types..mostly introverts and one introvert who thinks he's extroverted but please whatever LOL
If you all haven't noticed the types that have responded are INTJ and INTP types who actually think this is a worthy subject to dive into. AND if you all haven't noticed the HUGE LONG WINDED well...
Have you given up yet?
I would atleast try cheddar on pie but I make no promises in liking it LOL
It's like we had the same childhood LOL. Some people think entp are little einsteins at 2 years old but my experience is very similar to yours however I didn't enter the medical field. I chose...
Yes I definitely agree there with the whole clone thing. The mystery reels me in every time! Curiosity kills the cat ;)
I think you are on to something Orion on all accounts..I do like the strong silent types..some people think silence is a weakness because they mistake it for not thinking. The reality is it is a...
I relayed this question to a friend recently: Why am I so drawn to introverted men and her reply was that it's because it's easier than relating to someone who is on my same level. My snarky reply...
Ya only if you don't like who you are
The most two of the most aggravating things to an ENTP is someone trying too hard (over compensating/not being true to self) and incompetence. We can tell if you are being yourself and if you don't...
Yes I can obviously see the attraction to MBTI typing for N's or shall I say infj's and entp's. I don't see a lot of isfp's...maybe they are just lingering in the background absorbing as they usually...
You think so? Maybe it has to do with S peeps want facts and N's just let things flow lol idk
Yep sure do. His posing started out with me trying to take a pic of him at the festival of lights thing we went to. He was all squinty in all of them and he made the remark that he always looks like...
The very first math class I tanked was freshmen year geometry in high school. Until than I had been in advanced placement math. ugh math. It's something I worked  hard at but geometry NEVAH again lol
The Consultant who ran the seminar I went to on this said that the Myers-Briggs chicks said that everyone was born a certain way and through out our life and experiences we LEARN to be the opposite....
Thanks sweet! I hope so :)
I wish I were. He wanted to stay friends. Guess all this charm was wasted lol :)
I am an entp woman who fell in love with an isfp. He literally was plopped down in front of me for 8 months for me to notice but like what Cholate said when an entp starts to care it is very humbling...
lol love the Shania quote! Eventually an entp will quiet down like I have and wonder and prode and grow in this area. So I agree with the previous posters who say he is immature. A well developed...
I live small town NC and let me tell you I did NOT want to move back here after leaving from high school. But as the previous posts indicate you make it what you make it. There are only a few people...
Aww lol. Well I wouldn't go as far as calling love evil BUT..what I think you are referring to is (excuse the term ugh) the love bubble. I read a book once called the 5 love languages where he said...
Going out with a guy who is dating another woman...that's deceiving ones self. Even if it was just hanging out it should of been with him and his girlfriend. By just going out with him she was...
It was not unrealistic of her to believe a man she met IN CHURCH and who's father is a PASTOR to at some point find God or refind Him. She probably didn't take him seriously the times he mentioned it...
I can relate to this as an ENTP..the one thing I fear is the one thing I desire the most. I like the way you described it. I step away a lot when I'm getting too close but how does one become loved...
Amen! :) He's telling you no he isn't going to dump the other chick but if you two want to continue to grow your friendship than he's ALL game. How else are you going to get close to him but than...
I didn't bother reading all of the posts because some of them were really weird so I stopped reading lol. If you think your chick will dig it than go for it. I have a million ideas but no one to do...
Gosh nothing better than a bully to push my buttons. I'm pretty much the same as you tanstaafl28 and I'm generally a calm cucumber but a bully sets me OFF. Just thinking about it makes me mad lol.
I can make even the most introverted laugh just by laughing :)
Honestly, I would as an entp stay in a long term relationship if the pay off in the end was worth it. You being a law student..worth it! Reach out and initiate skype email and phone..not to the point...
I got one once to pose for pictures for me. He did an amazing job considering his type. He said his discomfort level was a 4 out of 10. I eat 4's for breakfast lol. www.facebook.com/knottyart he's...
lol well I took this entirely too long seminar on MB typing and she said the NT's Achilles heel is incompetence. Teaching my mother how to use the computer is so taxing! lol. Bullying is also a...
Depending on how evolved either of us are I think two entp would get to a point where they would frustrate each other trying to prove themselves right. Also, when nothing got done because of lack of...
Ya it seems more often than not with this type, those who are high on the IQ, suffer in other social areas. I don't want to generalize a whole temperament but it just seems the case to me.
Yes with introverts you ARE the spontaneity and most extraverts love that. But since you are an introvert it will get on your last nerve lol. I for one don't mind coming up with the cool ideas bc...
I have a guy infj friend who was complaining how this one chick who jilted him was the only girl who got his jokes. So he spins one to me and I smile. It was cute not hilarious kinda corny and not...
I thought that power was a super secret inner circle power..unless of course you are at the blunt end of it. I rather dislike that part of me..the desire to do that when I've been severally wronged....
Why?? Aren't you an entp male? Wouldn't we clash or something lol
I'm in love with bagpipe music LOL. People would always stare at me because I'd be rockin' some Shania Twain and than start rapping to some Jay-Z especially when I'm a hardcore alternative rock fan....
The male infj I know has had many many adventures. The stories he has shared but he also has a slight case of aspergers and well maybe that has something to do with it. But i'm glad to hear...
This is true. I hear some entp women up here who have absolutely no Fe and I'm like EVOLVE already! lol. I'm attracted to isfp types and it has helped a lot in that department. Talk about eggshells...
I have kept finding that I have never dated another extrovert. I have plenty of extroverted and introverted friends and this is how it goes with them. I am drawn to the introverts and other...
You're right there..I love isfp's. For me being an entp it's very humbling dealing with one. It's kinda like a pitbull in a china shop with an isfp for me but it makes me stop think and...
Have you dated a lot of ENTP's? And how would you rate it?
I'm a Christian NT..is that rare?? LOL well I've been put on my arse and a true experience with God is what brought me back up. I'm crushing on a Christian isfp who is VERY VERY introverted. God...
You are right on the money with your assessment of isfp. 8 months of friendship and boom I got there before him and I think I scared him into an awkward corner. It's a long road and it hurts...'"


4080: 'For me this mostly manifests with me falling for ESTPs.  They are the biggest challenge of all time, but rarely ever worth the bother in the long run.
Do you find, in relationships (friendship or otherwise), that you value winning someone over too much?  I'm the person in internet forums who ends up becoming internet-friends with the asshole...
My biggest problem is making impulsive decisions, particularly if my emotions are involved.  I can logically see that i'm making the wrong decision, but I go ahead and make it anyway.  I have no...
ENFP, INFP and ESTP.  the ENFP friend seems most similar to me, the INFP makes me most comfortable and the ESTP is maddeningly interesting.
It's funny, I'm a female ENTP and I was going to post something similar.  I met an ESTP 8 months ago, right off the bat we hung out constantly and for all intents and purposes we were in a...
I work in a customer service call center, and NOTHING infuriates me more than having to repeat myself.  Like what the fuck were you just doing in those last 45 seconds when I was talking?  Why did...
My biggest complaint, in regards to rudeness, is selfish people.  People who cut in line. People who cut others off in traffic. People who are rude to service people to get their way. (selfish...
See, this confuses me.  The first two quotes seem to be you speaking to me, like hey idiot, way to bumble that up (which is completely valid obviously), but the third quote seems to be insinuating...
I'm an ENTP type 5.   -have a very limited social circle? --I have 2 people I hang out with regularly, and a handful of people I talk with but rarely hang out with.  -don't like being in crowds...
I posted my last comment in the wrong thread, and it wont let me edit it, so now I have to bask in the glory of not paying attention to what I am doing.  Ever.
I tend to fall for guys that I should not fall for.  Emotionally unavailable men, married men (I don't mess with them but I end up getting inappropriately close, emotionally, and want to be with...
Based on this, I'm thinking ESTJ.  I think this career as security for a field that doesn't NEED security is beneath her, so she feels like she needs to prove to us that she is better than her...
I'm not implying that you will change.  I'm still very much this way in that if I'm not fully comfortable, I'm quiet.  I worked in the same department for 3 years, and out of the 40 people, I was the...
1. Last book you read: Reading Beach House by Pat Conroy  2. Last podcast you listened to: I love Snap Judgement on NPR  3. Last Youtube video you watched: ? Nothing  4. Last documentary...
When it comes to typing others, there are some types that are very easy for me to identify, and other types that all seem like a mish-mash of bland personality traits, and I can't differentiate.  I...
#entpproblems
What enneagram type are you?  I ask because how you describe yourself is how I felt in my mid-20s to early 30s.  I still clam up when I'm stressed, but overall I don't worry about being offensive...
Funny you say this... lately I've been getting irritated that I'll be trying to talk to him and he simply doesn't seem to hear me, but once you posted this I realized that this always happens when...
I've been dating an ESFJ dude for a few months.  I definitely can see why they say activity partners is the ideal relationship between us and them... because they ARE fun, and we get along, but...
If you don't mind me asking, how old are you?  I am my true self around very few people.  The majority of people (co-workers, casual friends, etc) get the hey she's so fun and quirky and random...
Holy shit, once again you have blown my mind.  That's exactly what happens!  As a whole, it's nearly impossible to offend me, and if I am upset over something, there is a VERY valid reason.  When I...
I'm well aware when people despise me.  There are specifically two chicks at work who can't stand me, I know they can't stand me despite the fact that they've never said it or blatantly expressed it....
I just looked at my spreadsheet of my friends/people I know/co-workers types (yes I make spreadsheets like that), and I have an inordinate number of close INFP friends.  INTJs like me a lot, but they...
No it's not that at all.  It's perfectly normal for people to sit at their own table in the lunch room and barely (if at all) acknowledge the other people in there.  They would have no motive to want...
The very same day I posted this, I was nose deep in a book during my lunch (normally I eat outside, but it was too hot and humid to do so that day).  Someone came in the lunch room, I purposefully...
Valid point. I don't always avoid small talk at work, but if I start chatting with someone and they seem distracted or uninterested, I wrap it up and respect their space. But then again, as a whole,...
Kaboomz , I'm very quiet in new environments, but as soon as I understand the group dynamic and feel comfortable, I end up being one of the most outgoing people in the group. Mainly because I can't...
We have talked before about how many people misinterpret attention from an ENTP to be more than it actually is.   This is a similar problem I have: I either feel like talking a lot, OR I feel like...
Two of my closest friends are ENFP, and my other good friend is INFP. I also get along well with ESFP and ESFJ.   I like feelers because they give me an outside perspective on things, particularly...
I don't believe I'm confusing Se with extroversion. Se doms are all described as adrenaline junkies. Active, action oriented etc
How do you guys feel about adrenaline seeking activities?  Roller coasters, sky diving, etc? I hate them, I assume because of how far down extroverted sensing is on our cognitive stack.    But I...
I hate using gps. If I'm unfamiliar with a place I will pull it up, look at the map, remember key road names and turn it off. I can't stand the turn by turn directions.   In a sociology class we...
dad: ENTJ mom: ISFP Sister: ESTP  Parents never got along. My dad stayed because of the kids, plus he was a devout Catholic. Mom rarely leaves the house and feels socially awkward almost always....
I have an excellent sense of direction, as in knowing which way is north, etc.    I grew in the country, so I'm good at not getting lost on the back roads, always being able to intuitively know...
I hope I'm one day able to use the word dichotomy in a conversation.       Stefan Krstic ,  you assume gay people hold parades to gain acceptance, I'm sure in some cases that might be true, but in...
I have no idea what that means.
This is incredibly weird.  My assumption is that this is your fantasy and it seemed exciting to type it out.  Either way, it's weird.
Ok then, we can be friends after all.
Lol ok admittedly i hit snooze maybe once a week, one time. My rage over snoozing is if I'm sleeping with someone else (boyfriend, what have you) and they snooze their alarms like ten times every...
I just wait until I'm tired to go to sleep, no matter what time that may be.  I immediately fall asleep, have a bunch of ridiculous dreams, wake up when my alarm goes off (I never snooze it because...
Ah... I'm super naive and idealistic and I hate it because it conflicts with the rest of who I am.  I also never assume the worst of people.  I think we are all inherently good (with few...
lol
That's interesting... some of my ENFP friends do tend to fall into the victim trap, but the majority of them (and somehow I have a ton of ENFP and INTP friends) are not at all victim-mentality-ish.
also HOW DARE YOU SAY I DERAIL THREADS LIKE OTHER ENTPs!?   (seeing as how we are no longer talking about how entp girls like you)
I fucking LOVE ENFPs.  My best friend for 20 years is ENFP and we have the most amazing conversations.  Also the man I most love (but he is married to a friend of mine therefore totally off limits)...
My dad was ENTJ, and he was the epitome of the alpha-male.  When he was chill, everyone was chill.  When he got pissed off, even though he wasn't demonstrative about it, it put everyone on edge.   ...
I know ONE ENTJ female, and she considers me her best friend, and I consider her someone who is cool but also a little too harsh to be my best friend.  However, I get that a lot... people feeling...
Well first, there's no such thing as 5w1.  It's either 5w4 or 5w6. But it's okay, it's all confusing at first.  I also was outgoing until about 5th grade, at which point I was pretty shy/awkward...
Gotcha. Their manipulation is pretty obvious, YES. I have two ESFJ female friends at work, and we have a ball gossiping and general fun - having, but when they are trying to manipulate, its so...
Lol i am an idiot. I meant estj. Entjs are actually a lot like me, but more assertive. Agreed that as soon as you've gained their respect by not stupid or weak, they are fantastic.'"


4130: 'Brazilian Proverb: Monkey that scratches ass does not bite finguer nails.
You know that game where you must join the dots to make a picture? That is kind of like how i make my lies, dont need all the details just the right ones at the right time, in the right way depending...
That really depends on what is implied in the leadership,  As a inquisitive explorer? no problem, follow me men! Into to the abyss and back to tell tales. As a role model? ... well we'll see that...
Fire away honey!
You know, I've been trying to answer that question for a long time.   I don't have a full answer yet.
Witch one are you (if any)? How do you tell them apart?  I visit different forums and I`m getting the feeling that, for some reason, it became trendy to be a douche and an ENTP at the same...
I find amazing where my lack of work takes me.
do the ENTP equation.   (Time spent on last major school project [hours]) - (Grade [0-10]) < -8   congrats youre an ENTP.
If there`s gonna be a chase, i like to control it and understand as much as i can it so that if i want to end it, corner her or just keep chasing(least likely) its a matter of mine choosing. I know...
I think this is only natural, since we evolved from a very physical society to a more intellectual one.  If you can't hunt it lure it, it's in our code. Women are smarter we need to hunt smarter....
My opinion is quite simple really...  2 types of feminists, the ones that want respect and the ones that want equality.  Respect is understandable and quite worthy of earning, yes I agree that...
http://cotovelodeformiga.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/Jeitinho-Brasileiro.gif
Lol, whenever i engage any NT i think like the old times RPGs.  Play to you strengths, you have passive Ne bonus unique to your class, chalenging an INTP's Ti is madness.
word
There is a great difference between cheating and cutting corners.  Im more prone to cut corners than cheating (70%/30%)
Imagine that for the duration of the highness your 3 major functions work in absolute syncrony. Images speak better than words...  55620
INTJ's have beaten us to it...  54225
Bullying forged my cold steel Ti. It was brutal but necessary, I can honestly say that being bullied was a cornerstone in perfecting my personality (Its not perfect but pretty awesome already) It...
I'm 23 now and honestly I think i don't know squat from anything yet, i know that now.I've had a depressive period in my live that lead me to allot of thinking and i've come to the conclusion that...
When will people understand that debating with an ENTP is like having a mud fight with a pig, after 30 minutes we begin to like it.
Nothing like the smell of jealousy in the morning.
Whenever I get fuzzy, warm and tingly inside i kill it with nicotine and alcohol.   Who knows, aliens are said to cause the same symptoms.
The best skill I have is drawing, most fun/useful yet.
Giving away the intention is no fun at all, giving the person the benefit of doubt is much more fun because you learn 2 things.  1 See what the person thinks/feels with the little information...
Typical INTP Thread = Experimental Word-Shifting Paradox Theory. Typical INTJ Thread = Don't you hate when people get surprised when your plans work? Typical ENTJ Thread = Listen to me brag...
Same here, music like this still makes me want to.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yctfXIqugXc
@gingertonic - Just flawless acid humor @BusinessMan - Quick small remarks that completely kill non ENTP members  @Psyphon - A high tier ENTP
Tough one to explain... Okay I'll try. Imagine a very high tech sonar system.  Ne/Ti work all the time simultaneously, Ne is sending sonar-waves constantly anxiously waiting for the return, but...
I have an ESFJ mom, dirty/unclean room is a death sentence.
I have the habit of making sounds and mimic things allot while talking or explaining something and when i`m joking it makes people laugh their asses-off. This applies to accent changing too. One...
Thinking about life is overrated.
My INTJ friend used to say that all the time, she's marrying an ESFP friend of mine in 2 months.
Yes, that's something i've noticed too, old bonds from when I was a child are more strong even to this day.    Yes you may, but bring more exiting subjects.    You've defined what others name...
All ENTP women deserve a sugary treat in the shape of a fluffy animal of your choice.  In a world where women are expected to be either introverted and squishy or extroverted and dumb you all stand...
YES! It's like I'm a shark, if i stop moving i don't breathe.    Yep 2 years is a good average for me too, the fact that I've moved around allot helped too. I have an ISTP friend that i can go...
So my suspicions were correct this applies to female ENTPs too. It must be hard to be a woman ENTP so kudos to all my ENTP girls out there, you all deserve a sugary treat of your choice shaped in a...
Right, ever since I was small leaving things behind after I used them was easy. I hardly made emotional connections to things after I got a new version of it. Got a toy, play the hell out of i got...
Manage?! Procrastination?! (&*$()&@#GB()FR@#F&#@BVFV@&(!!V&!V@VG(B#G#)G  http://images.wikia.com/uncyclopedia/images/archive/b/b5/20100108063328%21Exploding-head.gif
There is no fairy godmother?!  The old lady from down the street has some explaining to do.
- How do you display admiration to the members of the opposite gender? In which ways?  That really depends on the other person but they get a bigger slice of my attention spam when we are together....
MBTI is just like any other subject your know only how wrong your are, the rest is up to you.
This is in my most sincere opinion the ENTP anthem.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xemLz_fR1Ac
Be around him, listen, comment, disagree, propose different points of view. I sense a well developed F in you which is great! He's new around town right? Don't tour him around, ask him to join...
He that scratches ass should not bite fingernails.
Nice to ENTPs is not a quality it's a characteristic so unless your're not nice naturally don't force it.  Interested on the other hand is a condition, while the reason of the interest it self...
Prove that you're worthy of a PhD, titles and diplomas are relative. I bet that when you graduated there were some people that had difficulty breathing and reading at the same time, even so they have...
It's a question of perspective my dear.
Mom:ESFJ 46651WHAT DID YOU SAY ABOUT MY KIDS?!  Dad: ENFJ 46652Dammit! Didn't I tell you not to get home late today?  Brother: ESTP 46655What do you mean I get ultra macho man when i'm...
Also a good option, but i think that meatloaf would go cold and only dogs eat cold food. (Grandpa Quote)
First you get a big cake, then you eat the inside and substitute with as many strippers as possible. After this you tell someone to deliver the cake with a note. Welcome neighbor! We thought pie or...'"


4135: 'So I'm coming over for a bit of a holiday in June/July with my Sister & her boyfriend (3rd wheel, yay :P), pretty excited about it!  The itinerary looks like it'll be:   San Francisco  New York...
Perspective :)  http://zs1.smbc-comics.com/comics/20100512.gif
Haha classic! I love it when kids start to show their personality, it's so interesting! Yup he sounds very much NTP, problem solving outside the box ;)  Here's one for you: My little bro (when 9...
Just after your opinions/observations.  I find that while I'm not technically a pacifist, I'm generally opposed to violence. Is this an ENTP thing? What do you think of it? In the media? In...
Mary Roach is actually quite fascinating & a very groovy woman, from what I have seen of her. I bet that book is hilariously educational :)
I actually know what you mean by blood, not to be too morbid of course :P Cold is a very interesting one! I think it's great how diverse motivation can be.  For me? Mainly love (or my understanding...
OmarFW, you're not getting out of this you know! Come on, where's yours? :P  Mine: To the greastest man I've known. You are better than this world will know; patient & wise. One word of yours...
We all have a creative side in some manifestation (musical, artistic etc)... What motivates you to express this side? Love? Hate? Sadness? Joy? Song? Nature? Senses? ...?
May be either obvious or abnormal for ENTP... But I find myself laughing (at least internally) at the most unusual events & circumstances. There is so much humour in this world!
Jeepers Creepers seeries scared the muffins out of me as a teen :P  Arlington Road... Now there's a proper scary film ;)
Religion (in my understanding of the term)? Not a joke. People, & what they use to justify their bahaviour? A joke.  Australia.
Aww thanks! To be honest it's only by accident I can do hands... Apparently they require patience more than anything. Not that I have great patience, but I'm forced to draw veeery slooowly (no...
Ooh I'd like one please!
Hmm point taken... I live in hope :D Alternatively, replace <hug> with other form of acceptable interaction.
I can't tell you why, but you're very much catching my attention lately. You guys & gals have a TON of charisma, so suave & composed, purposeful & reasonable.  Go on, gimme a hug... I won't tell...
Really cute girl who I may have a slight crush on at uni smiled at me... Yes, I'm that easily amused :P Doesn't take much to make my day!  I also asked her to have a coffee with me after class......
50% :) No list for you Sellihca?
01: My life goal is to be a nice guy 02: There are only 3 lies here 03: I excel at mathematics 04: I am a multi-millionaire 05: I physically prefer shorter women 06: I can sing, & have so for a...
Hmm possibly... I'm just up the road in Newcastle...
I will never walk I will never stop learning I will never deal in general absolutes ;)
ENFP - Mum ISTJ - Dad  I know! Go figure :P
TRAMPOLINE!!!!!!  Most of my outside-time was spent in the bush across the road though :) Ahh memories! Thanks SeekJess :)
I wrote a massive reply & then realised no-one could understand or identify... Apparently being trapped in a broken body isn't enough on its own (physically, mentally & emotionally), I have to be...
Linky no worky :( Is there a place to chat with members? I need distractions from uni work & facebook just isn't doing it for me :P
This week is love for ENFP week (for me anyway) :D You guys & gals inspire me & make me smile! You're like the muse to the NT realm... Even the worst of days end with a smile after an hour with...
Haha, touche :P I hate the bad things people do for money; greed, violence, deception, selfishness etc. Check out an old film called The million pound note, kinda sums up my thoughts :D
I hate money. No... Let me be specific... I hate what people do for money. Money is just a tool.
Oh man... I think I'm definitely the odd one out here! My emotions come very easily, & although I do keep them at a nice equalibrium most of the time, I'm certainly able to let the tears fall when...
I don't have Synesthesia, but I am very visual in how I think. Perhaps it's more to do with intelligence type than personality type? Example I'm ENTP & visual (space, shape & movement), but I know an...
Love? Real Love? Very slowly... But incomprehensibly deeply & passionately :) Wouldn't have it any other way!
This woman knows where her towel is! Listen up Z, you won't get better advice than this (Goodewitch's) :wink:  Time does heal this kind of pain, but playing the I know what's best for you card...
Newcastle here! Well, Lake Macquarie technically, but no-one ever knows the difference *coughcough-LakeMacIsBetter-cough*  Went for a drive across the Nullarbor to Perth & back in January! Highly...
Obviously beauty is much more than physical looks, but since the OP asked for views on 1 specific physical trait... Personally I know 1 guy who likes his women super skinny. The rest (including me)...
Thanks Goodewitch, good points. It's not the looking ahead that bothers me at all, in fact I think it's quite mature. I guess what wears me down is that every future scenario that she plays...
Thanks guys. I have to admit, that eventuality has been hanging in the back of my mind, but I was hoping this was just a stage, that she'd come out of it. I'll talk to her about it (again), but I...
Some very helpful stuff there :)  decided, You're right (& I can totally understand why), certain changes need to come from within. I've always tried to make sure she knows I'm not trying to fix...
Hello folks!  I really need your help :) Like all good & complex stories begin; so there's this girl...  Well, first of all I'm an ENTP. My upbringing & some unusual life experience has lead to...
Fellow Aussie ENTP! Hello to you :) Just in case your world domination plans are more advanced than mine, I'm anexing QLD & NZ. You can have the rest :P
Music is the art most nigh to tears & memory - Oscar Wilde  The only difference between myself and a madman is that I am not mad. - Salvador Dali  The greatest single cause of atheism in...
I love the idea of working for some weird yet non-existent company who contracts in R&D, prototyping & proof-of-concept engineering... Along the lines of Hey, we need a solution for this, here's the...
Personally, I don't see them as mutually exclusive :P  Kidding of course, I get a kick out of ENFP's :D Welcome. Enjoy your stay!
Hello Emma! Welcome :)   Really? Ok, first up, Badgers: Cute & funny or smelly & leathal? :P
Thanks folks! Some great thoughts in here. I particularly like the idea of differentiating between theism & organised religion. Hope I get to discuss more with you at some stage :)   Ooh...
Ohhh dang :P What about an anti-hero? I think I'd make a lovely villian :D Ever heard of the vicious prosthesis theory in SF-F writing? It's along the lines of noticing how many epic bad guys have...
Just a curiosity I've had for a while...  <DISCLAIMER> This is not a call for debate or criticism, for or against. Simply a question of where you stand. I realise this has potential to cause hot...
Oh, analysing them was far from what I meant :) Helping them!
I sometimes listen to Justin Timberlake... Loudly... *ashamed*
Hello StoryTeller! I love your reason for joining, I bet your characters must have some stunning depth to them :)  Down to business... Rumour has it you need a male protagonist for your next...
Howdy stranger! FWIW, I think most people drift in their alignment for time to time... As a definite ENTP, I see every day a bit more F peeking through :D Enjoy your stay!
Hey & welcome :) An INFJ I truly admire once told me how focussing on others was her key to discovering herself... If all else fails, give it a try ;)'"


4137: 'Did you know that the Japanese once traded top secret information about Aegis Destroyers for a file of porn? True story.
Pirate captain. Smuggler.
If Obama is an ENTP, I'm turning in my ENTP card right now. There is absolutely no way he's an ENTP. I truly don't know what type he'd best fit in, but he is absolutely nothing like me, or any of the...
I've often thought of relationships as a 50/50 thing, and there needs to be accommodation for that to occur. I believe that even now. However, that's not what she's asking for. She's not asking for...
Son of a... Are we THAT predictable? lol
I've had the luxury of playing against some very talented poker players, and I find them tough to beat, mainly because of the dependency on odds and quick calculations... I'm not that terrific at the...
lol Niiiceee...
This. This. A thousand times, this. I don't give two twisted craps about your apologies. Tell me you won't let it happen again, tell me why you won't, and then... here's the kicker... don't let it...
That's one thing ENTPs and INTPs have in common. If you know what the general idea behind the type is, we're pretty hard to miss.
I had an ex once write a note on her way out to work (I was still asleep) thanking me for the great night, telling me she took my dog out, and inviting me to dinner at her place that evening. There...
To bring this back around to the topic's question... I think if you get into an argument/debate with an ENTP, you will very quickly realize the most striking thing about being an ENTP.
I'm going to have to side with my ENTP brethren here and say ESTP as well. Yeah, he has a few things in common with us, but as I read your description, I couldn't reconcile the idea of him being an...
Ouuu. Never really thought of Adam Savage as an ENTP. But it fits... Explains why I like him, too.
http://images.cryhavok.org/d/13238-1/You+Shall+Not+Multipass.jpghttp://www.transformer-ivan.net/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/komodo.jpg
Would be a helluva good time, though.
Ok, I've done quite a bit of research into body language and microexpressions, so I can speak somewhat intelligently about this topic.  A large portion of our language is structured around body...
A lot of things would get broken, that's certain.
I agree. That might possibly be the funniest thing I've seen in a month.
If there were such a handbook, one of us would've long destroyed it by now. Watching us on this forum is likely as close as you're ever gonna get, I'm afraid. Best of luck with that, though.
I love INTPs. My brother is one. You're thinkers, like us, and you value truth, like us. We both love exploring and analyzing, and each and every fascinating thing we come across is immediately...
Do not worry if you have built your castles in the sky. They are where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. ~Henry David Thoreau
Hmm. Ok. If the OP is still around, I'll throw my two cents at ya. I think of myself as somewhere in between @SpilledMilk  and @tgniewek ... I do believe better to have loved and lost and all that...
Holy lord. A month, and we'll TALK about where the relationship is gonna go? And you're gonna not communicate that up front? Yeah, I'd be a snowflake in a campfire at that point.  I'm gonna refrain...
My cousin was one of the most brilliant minds I'd ever had the luxury of running into... When he was 8, I noticed him looking rather sad one day, which was very atypical. I sat down and started...
hziegel ... I just had to say... If someone said, to my face, that 42 was the meaning of life, I'd very nearly slap them. Anyone with any knowledge of Douglas Adams knows, very clearly, that 42 is...
Ouu. In truth, there is so much more to learn about us than any answers on one single thread will address. My suggestion? Go to the You know you're an ENTP when thread. If you see your sis in...
Hmm. Ok, I feel I have enough expertise in this area to comment. I'm big into online dating. I've had tons of dates from them. People, for some strange reason, have this weird hang up about it, and I...
No man  is an island,  entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a  part of the main; if a clod be washed away by the sea, Europe is the  less, as well as if a promontory were, as...
Ok, I'm not an ENFP, but I'll take a stab here. I'm pretty confident in saying you're an extrovert. You seem recharged when you're around people, and love having friends around, so that's that. You...
lol First, I have to say, these are hilarious. And I think the only one I have in common with you is one I heard recently about myself:  Them: Do you even know what your point is? Me: Of course...
So. I've been chatting with this ENFP female. She seems really sweet and is really cute (as I've found most of your type to be)... But I'm curious. It seems like there could be a bit of trouble...
INTP? Seriously? Aw hell no. My brother is an INTP. Nu-uh. That wouldn't do at all.
I've found that the term There ya go can be applied to virtually any situation in which an acknowledgement is required from you. I use it liberally.
House. House is an ENTP. And Cpt. Mal Reynolds, of Firefly/Serenity. The list, of course, goes on.
aaaaaaaaaahahahahahaha... I was going to sit here and think of an appropriately condemning response to the troll, but you, good sir, have saved me the time and trouble. Bravo, well done.
Hmm. I really didn't think of this as a perceiving quality, but that makes sense. I, of course, am the same. When I lived at home, I was aware that since I wasn't paying the rent and had free room...
If I'm the recipient of some wrong doing, then I tend to try to respond in kind. It's very rare I'll escalate the situation. I will give back to you exactly as much as you gave to me, simply to show...
Yes, we make very poor horror movie victims. In virtually every horror movie I've ever seen, by the time the bad guy shows up, I've already identified 5 different ways to either easily escape...
I was personally pretty amazed by this: http://store.makerbot.com/makerbot-thing-o-matic.html  It's a device that takes your 3D designs and creates them. Yes, it's just plastic, but still. You can...
@Souljorn  David Thorne and all of  http://www.27bslash6.com/ is a bloody riot.
lol funny stuff. At any rate, I concur with some of what was said above... An apology to me is going to be absolutely useless if I'm at all thinking that it can and will happen again. You have to...
I can handle math. I even like math, as long as it has a point that serves my ends. Other than that, I avoid it like the plague.
No. There has to be some reciprocity there. Now if we're talking someone I view to be an enemy (and yes, they'd have to be unrelated to me), then yeah, I'll destroy them and sleep like a baby that...
My dog is Jossie, after an imaginary friend my brother and I had when I was a kid.
Hmm... I think our type might be inclined to selfish streaks, but not like that. That's just a sociopathic princess, in my opinion.
I think there are probably subjects we all excel in more than others (at least, it's true for me)... However, I've really yet to find something I couldn't at least do pretty well should I choose to...
Oh. Ok. Call me newb or whatever, but I swear I haven't visited either of those sites. Damn you people. Damn you both to hell. You've just cost me... sooooo much time... damn you all.
haha... Interesting answers, all... It's not so much that I have a problem being intellectual, or even being seen that way. And when I'm around the mindless idiots that swarm too many of us these...
21443 hehehe... Loved this one.
I still have no idea if this is an ENTP trait or not, but it is one I'm certainly in possession of. There have been many, many nights where I literally want to yell at my brain to knock it off...'"


4143: 'This is the perfect blend of Dragonball and Mario nostalgia ;) I was also a fan   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51cNx0HrjjQ  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wa97p70V_Y    Then Mario would...
718250 718258  Swtor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqB5ENMEeH0 Looks like it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkTHtWX7CCY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCApRep5vy0
Friday the 13th series   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Obtc9U6hEYM scenes like this, lol   And Godzilla movies    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXrluvh7u7I cheesy fun stuff like this...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jfn3JE6GKCc
*waves at Emma* Not a problem  I get the same extreme obsessions or apathy. Sounds like we're on to something.
Outside https://i.amz.mshcdn.com/SXgm-oOKZszzgM8rSjxbr89O_yk=/fit-in/1200x9600/http%3A%2F%2Fmashable.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2013%2F08%2Fobama47.gif   Inside ...
One big phat problem with the Lightsaber is that's it's far more dangerous to yourself than even the zombies are, unless you have the force ...
I'm over 9,000
infj
The dark comforts me
5w4
ENTJ   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kuIWYtqu2M
I believe it's what it is because there's clearly something to it. Patterns are important. But how much I'm not sure. I have noticed things and commonalities though, and after a while it's hard for...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8FtMr4fpys&t=33s https://images.moviepilot.com/images/c_limit,q_auto:good,w_600/bfe8djylyhrsm4ocf9v2/batman-the-telltale-series-credit-telltale-games.jpg >;)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akbZSS4v5b0 probably the type of stuff nobody else is
Fuck socks. Naked foots are best. It's so free to feel the air woosh between my toes!  In fact...
It annoys the crap out of me. I'm an impatient person so if it's effecting gameplay and getting choppy it'll quite annoy me. I'll end up quitting to come back later. But if it isn't that bad then...
istj similar to a friend I know who is in fact istj
Contrary to all this NTP's hate authority thing, I'm a little different.   If they aren't abusive or pushy for no good reason then I don't really care and I actually prefer a sense of structure...
^I second this cult idea
sp/sx or sx/sp either way
When you try to schedule everything but end up forgetting to look 3/4 of the time,   When you prefer sticky notes to a calender
When you feel like a robot, every so often
When you get all philosophical about fictional stuff and the symbolisms in stories, almost obsessively sometimes  Well philosophical in general, sometimes
ISxJ..?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3N-O5BCZSM
I suspect you're a lot like me. I get mixed up with INTP and ENTP all the time because I'm not a normal one. I'm known as witty, charming, funny and all that and yet very laid back and low ki I can...
Isn't it just cute how they try to force you into their own limited perceptions of how the system should be? Sometimes we break that because the truth is a little more expandable than that. Like type...
Quite impressive that you typed all this. I never would've said quite so much about my own past in such detail. I can see how the attachment thing could manifest then, as it's largely a childhood...
Thus comes forth an absolutist.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IOU6YvJoyQ  My view in a nutshell
Sup, Bruh  May your time here be wicked..
Evil is a strong word. Babies have a sense of nave selfishness. If never taught otherwise, that selfishness will fester into something more dangerous when they begin to mature and grow into it....
Yes so I can be the secret ruling Dark Edge Lord using the world as my private experimental playground to observe fascinating human souls.
You have to register to do this? You have to pay? What is this? If it's not free and I need to register I'd rather not go through all that trouble it seems pointless.
One might say 'There is no Truth'  But even they have 'facts' they perceive as  a sort of absolute. Even they hold strong views in various ways that might differ from others. To say there is no...
http://profron.net/ofiles/2008/09/do_philosophy.jpg *chuckles*
Good point. That is always the problem isn't it? The fear that if we condemn said person they might be innocent and in doing so we will have been the wrongdoer. The catch for any harsh punishment...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u69DywBfLjA  This always stuck out to me
No.   But I would eat an ant pie. ;)   https://youtu.be/TereMXIMyBA?t=8m35s 8;35+ proves it'd be delicious
Death Penalty is a solution. Consider it like taking out the trash. ;)
Can't. I hate veggies. I've thought of becoming a Fruititarian, though. It would be most fruitful.
Why's it always Christianity? There's other religions out there yet somehow that's the one true religion often by perception. There are SO many perceptions, so many religions, and yet so many think...
Sure, why not?  Sometimes the less pleasant option is simply the best option. Fair. It may also serve as an example to discourage the repeat of such acts. The only issue is always over how humane...
Maybe yes and no. Truth and falsity often blur.  There are times went something is miswired or let's say interferes in their functioning. Still, a lot of it seems to relate to...
Lots of black. Occasional whites, dark blues, grays. I wear more shades than colors. And I like to be covered up a bit more than others so I usually have a jacket (plaid or hoodie) unless it's too...
My two best male friends from childhood are ISTJ 5w6 and ENFJ 6w7  My best female friends are almost always INFP and INFJ somehow
I don't get why it's hard to believe their could be subtle physical cues of types. Eyes are a good example I've noticed in types, and clear differences recurring. There's only so many coincidences...'"


4170: 'I wish I were French but alas I am a Kenyan-born American. And I'm not sure if they are popular here; I took an introductory existentialism class my first semester in college and I've loved both of...
I've met one INFJ male in my short life and I know quite a few INFJ females. I tend to think that INFJs and ENTPs aren't that well suited (at least when young/immature). At first lust, I tend to be...
Not really. They often require a little bit too much sensory focus for me to find them enjoyable
Depending on the task, I make a game of it. Crap that has to get done, like homework worth lots of points or projects, becomes the How, in the least amount of time possible, Can I Make This The Most...
I think relationship compatibilty has more to do with character development than just cognitive connection. Mature INFJs are awesome while immature ones are annoying to say the least. I'd much rather...
I am inclined to agree. However, I think that this is a very Ti-centric view to winning and I am curious as to the POV of the other functions. Ti is infamous for viewing anything it does as a...
Depends. If I care about my opponent's opinon and they start infering that the outcome of said battle is reflective of my intelligence then I care a whole bunch. If not then whatever. I'll use the...
This seems more like a difference between Ti and Fe to me.
Depends on your OS.   The one from NetBeans is pretty good (https://netbeans.org/features/cpp/index.html) for both Windows and Mac but the App Store's XCode is pretty good too.
My relationship with food is weird.  Eating vacillates between being a general nuisance and one of the best parts of human existence. When I'm into something I can go a couple of days without...
While taking a customer's order: Please speak up. I can't hear you because I'm old and you have a low, sexy voice.
THIS REMINDED ME!!  Does anyone know the melting point of human skin?  A history teacher once mentioned it was possible and I've wanted to know if it was true ever since.
Christian
O yes! I either flail & act like a complete idiot or, in an attempt to not look like a fool, I go uber stoic & cold. And at night when I'm alone in my room I overanalyze all my interactions with said...
Interesting thought and, per my observations, I agree with it. Though I will add that when my INTP friend goes on her miles-a-minute-monologues, she is with close friends and I get the sense that...
Violin (3 years with private instructor; 4 years, and now, teaching myself) and singing.
Les Champs-lyses by Walk Off The Earth  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56L5ppNRyEs
All of Santa's reindeer are female.
Learning, discussing, and whatever I'm interested in at the moment.   Whatever's served at my university cafeteria.   My food philosophy: If it's good I'll eat it.   Not regularly. But I...
Good point. I'm pretty sure I have other reasons that I think he's an ENFP but it matters little because now I'm going to pour over his videos and try to find poof of my assertion.
ENFP. He's much more open than I think an ENTP would be for a public video. I only go into such strictly Ne modes around close friends while my ENFP friends don't really care.
I like my ENFJ people well enough -- I only know two. We do have a decent logical connection; it's fun to theorize about junk. My only grievance is their tendency to stick to their argument...
Atlanta   Dorm   Car and/or bus   I already exist
1) Christian 2) live in Atlanta but I'm African by birth
I concur.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZO9tMetxno  I will do this one day. I must.
I've never been in love with someone but I do love my family and close friends and I've had numerous crushes so I'm going to use those as my points of reference.  I consider it a no brainer, if I...
My favorites tend to be cream-based, savory dishes. And pretty much anything with mushrooms and/or mozzarella cheese.  But, as a general rule, I'll eat whatever tastes good.
I let our interactions stimulate my Ne....just like I do with other NTs.
I consider myself to be more of a mischievous genius and recounting the multiple tales would take a while but it usually entails messing with people and reveling in the looks of confusion, shock,...
I don't know but you have Ne as well so you should be able to answer this to some degree.   Articles - Extraverted Intuition   Correction. It's organized chaos and it only seems chaotic. Ne is...
We find our western hero after a strange and far-fetched twist of events resulted in Woody's mind reverting to that of a four-year-old's, the logic of which is a little hazy seeing as he is a toy and...
That sounds awesome!  I'm going to be a college freshmen in 12 days. I am actually looking forward to college, sure the work is probably going to be harder, but I get to doing my own thing for the...
I don't think so -- but that depends on the definition of sub-denomination. The church I go to is officially a part of a group of churches called the International Churches of Christ, my knowledge of...
[/FONT] Suppress was a less-than-adequate word; I apologize. And becoming more J is what I mean by suppressing -- for lack of a better term -- your Ne  because it's the Si function that is being...
Me. I guess my church is considered non-denominational, but we're a branch of the Church of Christ -- the only difference being we include music in our worship service.
I read in an Myers-Briggs a couple weeks ago that Ne-dominant types are the most introverted of extroverts because they are forced to suppress their Ne in lieu of their sensing functions because, in...
I'd say ENTx. What about him makes you think he's a J?
#4 actually sounds like a decent idea
I'm reading the Monstrumologist by Rick Yancey. The main subject of the story is a lonely, unbelievably wealthy, unbalanced, brilliant ENTP. It's a good story.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAHuN5RqoDk&list=ELD5QVPD5x7gg&index=4&feature=plpp_video
Welcomes you is :happy:
Stop taking the tests then. Once you have determined your type there really is no need for you to continue testing....unless you just enjoy them.......  Anyway, as gingertonic pointed out, the...
HAHAHAAHAHA. I see what you did there MyName!! HAAHAHAAHAH
All the time. I have gotten into shouting matches with the people I talk to. I found out recently that I actually do it in public as well and that when I do I look like a real nutcase.
I just graduated high school and I am proud to say I did actually enjoy it.   No. I got way too much satisfaction from knowing I had a better GPA than some. But I wasn't an overachiever, that's...
1.) This really depends on how many of my family members knew that I spent the money on other things, if only I knew then I would most likely pull a turmauge. If several of my family members knew,...
I can relate. As for my INTJ (What a weird phrase. It sounds like she's a pet or something), I don't know if she does it on purpose (I doubt she does) but she will often just zone out while I'm...
YES!!!! My INTJ friend does this a lot. It can be extremely tiring, but I find that when I explain my examples step by step then she concedes -- although it is tiring to have to explain something...
I really like INFJs. It kind of freaks me out.  I don't even know what else to write. There's a lot I could say. I might come back and add more when my Ti has decided on exactly what it is I like...'"


4173: 'My ESTJ husband knows better than to go all bossy boss with me. He has learned how to phrase his requests in ways that are acceptable to me, e.g., Maybe sometime today you could vacuum since your...
ABSOLUTELY!  I get a little... obsessive... and competitive....
I've been using iPhoto, so just pretty basic stuff but it's nothing I've ever tried before. Mostly I've been getting good at deleting things I don't want from my photos like ugly trash cans in the...
I'm gonna try yoga and Prozac. Weed gets expensive.
Once when I was leaving a Red Sox game a Canadian stranger threw trash at my friend, so I tackled him in the streets of Boston and yelled at him for disrespecting women and littering in our country.
NO NO NO!!!!  ENTPs sometimes have a problem with boundaries... this guy need to know that pork is a hard limit for you, end of discussion. You should not have to explain and defend your reasons....
Strange that it would! cried Marianne. What have wealth and grandeur to do with happiness? Grandeur has but little, said Elinor, but wealth has much to do with it. Elinor, for shame! said...
I think I am getting so worked up just because of this helplessness you mentioned. I am so accustomed to dealing with problems by taking action, etc to optimize my outcomes. It is hard when outcomes...
What do you find to be effective ways of coping with bursts of high stress? I have a lot of stress in my life currently, and am looking for some new methods to deal with this productively and...
ESTJ spouse x 5 years (almost). He's a guy who really knows where his towel is, if you know what I mean.
Is this game even for real? I have a suspicion, as others have mentioned, that it is an invention of the insecure, or of people who don't actually want to go on dates.   I feel like you should...
One of the good things about working with SJs, is you can foist a lot of that boring stuff off on them, and reciprocate by scooping up responsibility for that tasks that they hate but aren't so bad...
Ok so I think you are looking at this backwards. It sounds to me from your post that you have mostly enjoyed your course work and internships, but have some lingering doubts as it grows closer to...
Geonerd  I feel like we are basically saying the same thing with the 2 weeks being potentially ambiguous. It is perhaps hard for me to look back as a married-for-years-now person (as I know you...
Yes and no. It's more that I would not consider dating for two weeks to make a person my boyfriend. And I wouldn't consider dating someone else at that point to be cheating. But I wouldn't pretend...
I agree with the late bloomer consensus. High school was certainly not my glory days. College/grad school was better- I had far better luck with friends when I actually chose them based on shared...
There is just absolutely no way I would even remotely commit to another person after 2 weeks of dating. I don't even consider that really dating. Just... going on dates. But I always insisted that I...
Absolutely avoidance. And if I'm stuck with the person, maybe try to distract them. Or make myself unavailable (e.g.headphones) or extremely dull so they'll leave.
I've always kind of thought I was all 16 types simultaneously. Maybe we're like... divergent.
Nah, Bella can have him. Necro's a hard limit for me.
I am a pharmacist and I know a lot of physicians, as well as PAs and NPs, both personally and professionally. I have not noticed a particular tendency for them to be NTs. I would say all the SJ types...
It is so hard to go from riding high and feeling like you rule the world, to suddenly feel like you've fallen off a cliff and left your climbing equipment at the top. I know I personally was used to...
I shun all collars in favor of athleisure wear.
I had a lot of similar miscommunication issues with my ESTJ husband back when we were first dating, so here's my two cents as far is your situation is concerned. Being in a relationship with a Te dom...
All sea creature-human love contained in this novel is totally consensual. And we're led to believe that the colonel's tentacles are strangely alluring to young Marianne.
I also like when guys don't try to hard to please me. Like, don't be a suck up or say what you think I want to hear. And don't be too available to be at my beck and call all the time.
It sounds like you two have been essentially dating for a while, it just was not acknowledged by either of you. Now you can just carry on- but also make out. As long as you carry on treating one...
A few scenarios to consider:  1. What if the beast is the initiator?  Everyone knows dolphins like to drag ppl down to their rape caves and have their way under the sea.   2. Some animals can be...
Sounds like you were just made for reaching objects from high places. Oh, if I only had your wingspan.
Tall & skinny --> wicked hot
I have always self-identified as an introvert. Although I am an active person and was an active child, I was never really people-oriented, and have always spent a lot of time alone. Members of my...
The only things I can think of are way way TMI, so I guess you can just imagine them.
373634  I was hanging around some of JKR's old haunts a couple weeks ago... but sadly she didn't show.
More tequila will solve that problem. Ugly, shmugly!
I can't imagine any parent ever telling a young girl to always agree with her boyfriend. OMG. Thanks, M&D for telling me to use my own brain.
I like to re-friend my enemies when they get engaged and start planning expensive weddings so I score an invite. Then I drink all their tequila and dance with the groom.
I have always thought that I was far lower-maintainence than most other women I know, in family/friend relationships as well as intimate relationships. A lot of people I know do things that I find to...
I'm not really a frequent flier on this forum, but I'll chime in with the crowd and say that I don't mind at all when other types post here. Visit away! Especially if you tell us you <3 us.
Jamaia; Geonerd Thanks for the encouragement, ladies. Most of my friends who have children have small babies and tots and it can be rather dizzying to observe all the appointments and paraphernalia...
This gave me a minor panic attack. I don't think I have it in me to organize to this level. I am impressed and will note your coping mechanisms in case I ever reproduce. How possible do you think it...
I can double down on this, though I wouldn't say I hate women (I'm sure you don't either). I find both friendships and casual conversations to be generally easier and more satisfying with men or...
This is amazing b/c it is precisely equal an opposite to my own experiences.  I think that Ne and Te are functions in which strong users of one have a very, very, hard time instinctively...
In what units is this Te measured???  I can take a fair amount from my Te-dom spouse, but there are other high Te users in my life who are more choking presences. So, highly variable based on...
I've never really felt like I was mom material per se. Nurturing, kindness, patience, etc does not come naturally to me. Also I really like sleep. However my husband wants children with all the...
Maybe you should do the opposite of living together without getting married: you could get married without living together! Or at very least keep separate bedrooms/territories (like in Downton Abbey)...
That is interesting b/c I always felt in school that I had an advantage over many of the other (probably SJ) pharmacy students b/c while they were busy memorizing things that anyone could easily just...
Interesting b/c ENTJ is one of the types I feel I have the least in common with and find little to personally identify with in descriptions. The couple ENTJs I know IRL are not people who I think of...
I knit too (when it's cold) and paint watercolors (when it's hot). My home is scattered with the paraphernalia of these hobbies.   I also read a lot and listen to books on tape/podcasts and try...
1. What do you do?  I'm a pharmacist- been practicing about 5 years.  I have worked in hospital (while in school), retail, and for an insurance company.  2. Is your job your passion? Rate your...
Congrats on the self-discovery!  I too previously identified as INTP and always test as INTP when taking those online tests; it seems this is common for ENTPs.  I like to mix and match and still...'"


4174: '1. I'm not much into dream analysis, but this was something interesting because it's about two people having similar (not the same) dreams on the same night.  2. I don't want copy-paste stuff from...
Avoid negativity like the plague? Sounds more like 7s!  Yep, they're avoiders of some kind, too, but from my experience, I don't think it's negativity that they avoid often.   Would you agree...
Why would you say/believe so? Anything in particular that STs have that NTs don't which makes them least likely? Just curious. Don't tell me it's the 'S' we don't have!
I am tempted to say yes because no problem can live with me for long - I am really harmful to harm.   But to be honest, I think it has more to do with multiple other factors and not just one's...
When I came out of dragging/annoying relationship issues successfully.   For my ENFP pals, those issues ain't 'dragging' or 'annoying', instead they're 'painful', 'testing times of deep love', etc....
Don't you think most of what most of us post in here are all actually 'in the moment' versions of some thing we've been pondering over for long, except for maybe spontaneous jokes and instant...
It wasn't a relationship issue that I was pondering (and beating around the bush) about. LOL! In those cases, I used to be pretty straightforward and blunt because I thought that was the simplest way...
Someone I was close with? Not trying to sound like the cliched ENTP, but I guess this curiousity is one reason i was close to him?  I actually wanted to discuss it all with that fellow (he's an...
Beating around the bush is one thing I really can't tolerate. Be it a 'feelings-related' thing or a rational topic, after listening to a few lines, I tell them, I understand that there's something...
Customs and Traditions???  Well, I don't know if this can be called 'customary' or a tradition, but when it comes to dating, I love dinner dates! I always want the guy to dress up and behave like a...
Sounds cute, man! :)
Where's the questionnaire?  Ok, what's with having an INTP for a colleague? It'd be interesting to discuss anything logical and novel with them whenever I feel like it, but then my fun-loving side...
If you're still in regular touch with him, someday when you catch him in a good mood, just say, Hey! The other day, I was telling my friends online about you/us/childhood, and one of them wanted me...
Life is subjective, in the sense how we life our life is subjective. Time is subjective, in the sense how we spend our time is subjective. You and I have the same 24 hours, yet we spend it very...
I think that calling or labeling someone as 'introvert' or 'extrovert' is simply based on which side of them (introverted or extroverted) comes out more often. It's not that extroverted people never...
First of all, there's no such a thing as each others', is there? Shouldn't it be each other's?
Would ya gimme company for the therapy? Let's go through that together? Or I'll feel bored even there! :( ;)
In my favorite subject, singing and drawing, others think that I'm an expert, yes. But I will never consider myself an expert in any area (especially in areas of interest) because I believe what you...
Ha ha, this is definitely helpful. This definitely motivates me.   Yes, from my high school days, my aptitude test results would always suggest that I take up one of the following: law, journalism,...
Ha ha, it's not that one thing frustrates me, so I go to the other. No. It's because the thing that hits the brain later is more interesting than the thing that I'm currently working on that I feel...
Research in multiple areas in one subject, going to far off places and helping those in need and can't afford, writing and publishing my own books (both fiction and non-fiction) are the top few.  I...
Yeah, prioritizing... My sixth sense knows pretty well which ones come first and which ones can (need to) wait, but...  I don't know if you're into the arts? When an idea strikes you, the very...
I have MULTIPLE interests, my friend. And they're all equally fulfilling. I want to enjoy all. It's like having a vast spread of yummy food items from various cuisines in front of you, and suffering...
Don't kid me! I'm never the 'wait and watch' kind of person! Either I'm doing it or I'm doing something more interesting or I'm sleeping like an innocent panda bear (I love sleeping!).  It goes...
Don't kid me! I'm never the 'wait and watch' kind of person! Either I'm doing it or I'm doing something more interesting or I'm sleeping like an innocent panda bear (I love sleeping!).  It goes...
LOL, I'm tempted to send this to a non-ENTP friend not for anything, simply to enjoy their expression for those few seconds. ;)
Why the need to censor? Isn't life beautiful when we're open and frank not caring a bit about what others think?  Honestly, I don't intend to hurt anyone ever, but that doesn't mean I've to keep my...
That bothers you? That kind of behavior I always take as compliments!   When I make someone fume, I walk out of the place like I've won an award and I'm getting down the stage.   Annoying...
Interesting, so it focuses only on that one form of relationship disasters, eh, where women tend to unknowingly trap themselves in relationships where they somehow feel the need to care for their...
Interesting. So for the typical ENTP, is it normal to get caught in relationships where they're both liking it (because they can find n excuses for what's missing, which gives them some form of...
I'm sorry I missed reading this post earlier. This perspective certainly makes sense in many cases I know. What's the book called? Women who love too much? I'm interested in knowing what the theme...
Going out on dates with someone who seemed quite interested in chatting with you over text only to figure out during the date that they're not half as talkative as you imagined can be difficult to...
With my extroverted pals, honestly, I don't know how, it somehow works like this: Yes, they and I have  alot to say, but we somehow seem to know when to let whom do the talking and the rest of us...
I definitely do agree with you on us women knowing clearly where we stand with a-holes! I've experienced that, too. With so many thoughts pulling Mr. Nice back from what he needs to say, thoughts...
Resolved in the sense, at least I have a clear idea of the do's and don'ts now. I don't feel like it's all clouded anymore. I can see things clearly now, and from here, now that I don't feel...
That sounds really sweet and I'm not kidding or teasing! In the age where so many people post mean comments about their SO on social media in the name of 'teasing' and several people engaging even in...
1. Sorry, buddy, I ain't a video person. But I get the essence, yes.  2. What do you mean you challenge me to get it done in a matter of days or weeks when it's already done with? Yeah, I jump in...
Brilliant in its simplicity - aww... sounds fairy-tale like! :)  Never shared a hobby in 18+ years? Don't make me start a new thread! I'm fascinated by this subject - what brings two people truly...
I say such statements quite often, too - I don't understand ... and what does that mean? That means that I can clearly see and understand how someone is acting stupid, but I just cannot accept that...
I LOVE psychology. For everything that crosses my mind, a psychological perspective would accompany.   In psychology, I find behavioral psychology somewhat acceptable, cognitive psychology more...
I LOVE psychology. For everything that crosses my mind, a psychological perspective would accompany.   In psychology, I find behavioral psychology somewhat acceptable, cognitive psychology more...
What you say holds much true for me, too. I've put myself through hell in the past, then again, I've zero regrets till date because I have this weird taste where I enjoy the taste of even pain. Yes,...
Ha ha, thanks for sharing that! I couldn't help laughing every time I read the words I will kill... something because I use those words often. Somehow, people seem to understand that I'm not in one...
Whether the hurt is 70% or 30%, hurt is still hurt, yes. Tell me more!  This is very noble, but open your eyes - yes, i need to, tell me more!  I'm truly glad that I get honest answers from...
I may sound like the silliest woman, but please tell me more such words; I wish i had some ENTP company in my real life to  make such statements repeatedly, because even in friendships, I don't know...
Also, with introverted people, there's no way you can get them to listen (no matter what it is you wanna discuss - whether it's silly or important) unless they are in the mood to listen and respond....
I don't really know... I'm surrounded by Introverted friends, most of them feelers, too. Yes, it is nice to see them opening up and when we have deep conversations.   But even with the handful of...
A question in general for you ENTP men:  When there's too much of pressure on the work front, more pressure than you think you can handle, would you like your close female friend or your girl to...
Yep. That's what surprises me. He's had no issues in opening up his vulnerabilities to me, which also include some occasional Freudian slip sort of crossing his own limits orally, LOL. But when it...
Dear FueledByEvil  I'm planning to break his bones. I'm planning to order his coffin. What say?  Just that I'm confused whether I should choose his coffin or must I let him choose his own?  To...'"


4179: I do, as I have things I'd like to get done (like learning a new language), but studying is nearly impossible. A stupid thing like the dog walking into the room is enough to distract me. :woof:
A friend with ADHD told me a while ago that there's a high chance I have the same problem (I can't get a formal diagnosis at the moment, as I live somewhere with paid healthcare & a language...
No, but I wouldn't have said it after a week!
Normally, yes. But I accidentally said it whilst drunk. After about a week. To an INTJ. The silence that followed felt about ten years long. I was like 'oh shit, so that's the end of that then'. I...
Those guys need to stay off drugs, if you ask me!
You guys know there's a whole sub-forum for this? :playful:
So fed up with trying to organise anything with my friends right now, I'm considering giving up people & becoming an introvert. It's like herding cats!
That too. Usually Tumblr!
Also, this 1 billion times over!
I'd say it's easier to be ENTJ, if only for the fact that your working life is probably a hell of a lot smoother. Most of my past employers & colleagues back in the UK seem to see NT personality in...
Sorry for the double post. Stupid broadband issues.
I always fall for INTJ men. Usually because they're the only ones who can handle a pain-in-the-arse like me! :love_heart:  I'm married to one & looking back, although my marriage pre-dates the rise...
My INTJ usually likes to sit back & laugh at the results of my 'random button pushing'. Probably because he's already mapped out in his head exactly how people are going to react & is enjoying being...
Well said! Although if I wanted to be incredibly cynical, I could say that marriage was probably more 'logical' for him (INTJ), since I'm from the more affluent background... :rolling:
I actually have the same thing. Very annoying when you pick up on something straight away & then have to wait around for all your friends to catch up, especially if they happen to think the other...
Definitely not. He got something like an 80% N result.
Mainly STJs, especially ESTJs. One of my closest friends is ESTJ. He can never accept when he is in the wrong & will storm off when out-voted or out-thought. He's very hot-headed & also usually the...
I think they'd survive a long time, but knowing my ST friends, they would eventually do something rash (like storm off after an argument with the group) & get themselves turned into zombie food.
I think in the event of the zombie apocalypse, it would be pretty much just the NTs left standing. Cool heads & a logical approach to the problem will prevail over emotional responses. Personally,...
ESFJ- Marge Simpson ISFJ- Ned Stark, Game of Thrones ESTJ- Tony Soprano ISTJ- Darth Vader ESTP- Ragnar, Vikings ISTP- Guy of Gisbourne, Robin Hood (BBC) ESFP- Usagi, Sailor Moon ISFP- Loras...
In terms of physical bravery? Climbed up a cliff without a rope.  In terms of the time I've felt most like a badass? Completely fucked up my evil ESTJ boss's plan to fire me. We clashed pretty much...
Because I work in order to live, rather than live to work. I work in a bar & absolutely love my job: it's a very relaxed atmosphere & a lot of the time, I'm literally being paid to stand around...
In no particular order;  Being micro-managed. Badly-behaved children in restaurants/bars/etc. Poor grammar. Slow walkers. Queues & waiting of any description. Passive-aggressive Facebook...
I like both, however I usually end up hanging out more with guys. I'm a massive nerd with a love for sports & a passionate dislike of kids, so I usually tend to have more in common with males.
OK, this is pretty accurate. Our local Facebook group can usually be relied upon to kick off at least twice a week. I very rarely chime in, but I do always make sure I subscribe to the comment...
There do seem to be rather a high proportion of us girls with INTJ partners. I wonder what it is about this particular combination?
I enjoy swearing in fucking general! If someone gets offended, it usually just makes me do it more, until they fuck off. :victorious:
I'm an ENTP in a long term marriage with an INTJ. We both agreed very early on that we do not want kids & this has not changed after 15 years. My other friends in cross-NT relationships are all also...
I do this too! I find it very easy to read people & can spot a hater easily.  Other bad habits? I'm habitually untidy & a world-class procrastinator. I also really need to learn to think before I...
Interesting, as your results are pretty similar to mine! I enjoy a good debate & have no qualms about fighting my corner, so I would agree about conflict to an extent, but I absolutely hate drama....
Definitely can happen. I've tested solidly as ENTP ever since I first discovered MBTI (probably about ten years ago), but looking back I definitely started out as a J.  Quote from my reply on...
ESTJs for conflict (starting arguments etc), ESFJs for drama (getting easily upset, gossiping etc). Just in my personal experience. I love my ESFJ friend to death, but she cries about five times a...
I'm ENTP & have never been placed in anything other than Slytherin (hence my avatar). Last time I took a quiz that gave a breakdown, I got SGRH.
I'd give up the F. I have a reasonably well-developed S side, so I'd cope better that way. Plus, almost all my closest friends are T users. I don't think I'd fit in very well with them if I lost my T.
Love the Hitchhiker's quote there.
Erm... I would, but it's totally NSFW!
Around southeast Asia for certain!
WTF does a man do in the bathroom for three hours (without porn, obviously)? The last time my husband was in there for that long followed an ill-advised attempt to eat a chicken phall!
ENTP (vegetarian). Love cooking & been told I'm probably good enough to open my own restaurant. Lack the drive to do anything about it & only really bother to fully exercise my talents when I have...
INFJ has to be the hardest type for me. As an ENTP, I tend to find them too needy & they tend to be way too easily offended. I always try to get along with everyone, but I'm not willing to sensor...
So essentially, angry sex? Sure, who hasn't!
I've recently taken to writing fanfic, but I'm too lazy to update more than once every few weeks. :hampster:
You're only on here because you're procrastinating.
Yeah, that sounds about right. I think it might just be an opposites thing though. Personally, I find ISFJ people just rub me the wrong way...
It's weird, because we have an ESFJ friend who, whilst being extremely loveable, is easily the least intelligent of the group & he gets on fantastically with her. Of course, part of the appeal is...
She's one of those very full-on, super-happy people who is constantly upbeat & tries to pull everyone else up with her. I find it energising, but I can see how it might bother a more reserved person....
Absolutely hate being hugged, unless I know the person extremely well!
My husband is INTJ & recently confessed to me that he cannot stand an ESFP friend of ours. He says he thinks she's a lovely girl & she has done absolutely nothing to offend him, but he can't stand...
I meant to say this yesterday, but I had to go to the pub & see people.
I'm an ENTP married to an INTJ. I wouldn't put bank robbery past us! :th_wink:"


4183: Regatdijg the question about the saturday night I probably would have felt a certain responsibility towards my peers but I would probably go with the decision I like (which can include going out with...
On the question of how I judhe my ideas I could accept Ideas because they make sense (probably because I am so freaking excited about the idea in the first place. I do however look for information...
I di howver agree with me taking others peoples feelings into account when making a decision but I think this is more because I wanna hold up a good reputation then me actually just doing that...
I think I have over emphasised me calling other people out for being unethical (I was pissed at a guy hurt at the time I wrote it.
Here is the key to the questionnaire (I didnt look at it before answering the questions)...
This questionnaire might not have focused on the perceiving functions but it will do
Guys I think I am totally hopeless. I mean seriously during the course of a couple of weeks Ive changed my mind. Why you might ask?. Well, I watched alot of mbti videos (about the functions...
Hi again! You shall not post in the thread I've sent you! In that thread you will find 20 questions that you can answer in THIS thread so that you may get advice about your type. Hi Hermione G!...
Hi! I see that you have tried to study the MBTI. You know what, the test is not the whole reality of the MBTI? The MBTI is founded upon the idea of psychological types that originated with Carl...
I were actually serious about the ENFP thing. I strongly believe I'm an Ne dom or auxillary so I don't think I am an SFJ. I also do not exhibit some of the charecteristics of Fe so if I had Fe it...
Thanks man! I felt something was wrong... Then ENFP it is!
Yeah, I've been pondering this alot. Te vs Ti in the Ne dominant types is a tough question (considering feeling ans thinking being adjacent in the function stack). Ti is experience based. That means...
I dont know about youre Te though . If you were an ENFP you would have Te as youre tertiary function. I cannot give you anything that indicates this(except for youre test results) (so you could...
exactly there are not activities that energize me, is only the possibility of the activity,  what drain me is the activity in itself, the crash with reality, and especially with time: deadlines...
Thank you
Yeah, I just thought you gave such wonderful examples of Ne dominance in the links you gave me, so I thought you could gave me links on Ni dominance. I know some of the definitions of Ni since way...
From this I can really only conclude the presence of Ne and Fi. However Fi seems to have a more dominant grip on you. Q9 b) could be an indication of inferior Te, but also it could be a sign of being...
Thanks for your answer! It really helped clear up some things. Im sorry if my answers were a little short (Im not as introspective as I should be).
You welcome!
1) What aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type? The fact that I am a quite sensitive person although I am still a quite logical individual just messes with my mind. Thats the...
Yeah, Ill do that. It would be helpful if you could come back when Ive filled out the questionnaire.
I agree with former post. I cant see you as anything else than an Ne user and so in order for you to have Fe you would have to be an ENTP with a highly developed Fe (which for the record is the...
Thanks for claryfing your position!  Im just curious as to why you in the first place said that Q4 to 6 is something someone with a high preferance for Thinking wouldnt write if the answer on Q5...
I should probably not get involved in this again but I would like to contribute. You could still be an Ne dom and consider your emotionalism and respect towards other people (etc) I would think it to...
Hi! Your results on the tests are pretty non-conclusive which forces me to ask you to answer some questions. Answer the 20 questions present in this thread:...
Hi! When you started speaking about respecting others perspectives I thought, Ne LOL. But the more I read about you the more Fe you were shining through. I dont know so very much about Ni (as its...
It is definitely something which would further confirm your type and the E-I issue could be answered through it. My advice would be to post it
As a comment to your former post, I want to say that having a fear of other judging you or having a fear of being unliked could well indicate inferior Fe in you (it sure doesn't indicate Fi who...
I hope all that makes sense.  PS: you looking moody or depressed could be your Ti shining through into your external appearence (Ti is very impersonal and logical).
From this I can conclude that you probably use Ti and you seem to show inferior Fe. Therefore I believe you are an INTP. A love of language could be a sign of Ti (Ti loves defining words and finding...
I'm from Sweeeden by the way so you might see some spelling mistakes sometimes in my posts. The fact that I currently am writing this on my phone further complicates the issue
Good work! When I first started learning english at school I watched a lot of American films. This gained me an advantage when it came to speaking english. Keep it up! With more italians...
I changed the post before this one, I relate more to the ENTP not to the INTP
Thanks man for answering the questions before the big question! From your answers I can relate more to the ENTP more than the INTP, the thing about how they recieve feedback in particular.
You do a good job writing down your thoughts. I have heard that Italian in general are not very skilled in speaking/writing english. So Bravo!
It becomes pretty clear in light of that test that you are indeed an NFP. I don't howerver trust test that much considering me getting diffrent results on diffrent tests. Cognitive functions tests...
Yeah, fantastic!  We Ne users can feel alot of doubt regarding our type stemming from our perception of possibilities. It is much easier for the Ni using types to discover their type, in my opinion...
I do adap my behaviour depending on my envirnoment. Sometimes I mimic the style of speech that the other people around me uses (I mean style of speaking). So yeah, then I can feel confident that I am...
Great! Are you confident about which type you are?
Hi again! I apologize for my indecision (Ne driving me freaking crazy)?. I wonder about what you guys think of Ti vs Fi in me. Again I am veryyy indecisive and secondguessing is like something I do...
I'm actually 15 this august
I'm an 14 yeaoe old ENTP and stil being raised in a home with an ESFJ mother has greatly developed my Fe. That's why I talked about it as a possibility but it's quite rare that's such a thing happens.
I read some of your former posts. You seemed to feel more at home with INFPs than ISTPs. This could be the shared Ne. You secondguessing yourself is also a sign of Ne (seeing all the possibilities...
Hi there! You have a clear presence of Ne (seeing things from diffrent angles, saying random things etc). I don't get as much of wibe about your judging function (Fi or Ti). Some of what you have...
After further conaideration I'm pretty confident you're an INFP or ENFP. You do seem to use Te alot more than what you would excpect from the typical INFP (considering that's their inferior), but at...
The you don't notice what's around you is a clear lack of Se. Se notices all the little details in the immediate environment. But I think besides that there is quite alot to suggest you use Ne not...
Correction: Fi wants to hide their emotions from other people
Still I don't get an overly touchy feely wibe about you (could be due to Fi not wanting to hide their emotions). What you wrote about you not liking illogical people is a very INTP/ENTP/All Te doms...
The thing where you process thing out loud suggests a presence of Te (Te processes information out loud). You do seem to do it occasionally which further suggests INFP.
I would agree that there is presence of Fi but I see it more in a presence of Te. I may have innacurately typed you on that front but Ne is pretty clear"


4211: 'I realized I am not ENTP, but ENFP.  WOW.   I would like to apologize to the many who stated I did not seem ENTP, although there is only a mere difference.  I apologize, however, most of you...
And I completely agree with you, but given that I haven't gotten to that point in my life yet, it just made me wonder.   I tell people I'm an optimistic but I think to my deepest core I'm...
David Foster Wallace's famous commencement speech  To the point:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKYJVV7HuZw The whole speech: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhhC_N6Bm_s  If you have not...
ENTP  You're really smart, but in a way I haven't come across before Something about you is just...different (in a good way) You always seem to get me You're the perfect ratio of ass...
Very, very interesting.  I feel like this really hit home for me, a thought that, for whatever reason, I have been unable to muster up.  I'm 21, and when I am away in school I feel ENTP, but when I...
Your goods would be my more typical goods, so we're right on point there! Writing is my forte, or so I think and am told by professors.  Our bads are very similar too. Outside of math, and I...
Make a list of some things that you can easily distinguish that you are really good at and really bad at, in a natural sense.   Three to 10 each I would say, but just run with it. (focus on things...
I mean, I'm ENTP and can get along with basically anyone with a brain.  The types I have the hardest time with are people stuck in their ways or those who cannot comprehend things outside of what...
Well, I haven't used it in a while and I still feel the effects.  I didn't chose to go in-depth but that's exactly what happened.  I tripped on shrooms recently and chose not to think deeply, but I...
This post is for those who have tried LSD or know someone closely that has had long-term effects.  Just wondering if anyone has tried LSD and how it has affected them.  For those who are...
ENTP, been in a relationship with ISFJ for 2.5 years....ending it this week.  She shut down, became too obsessed with pleasing me and less with pleasing herself.  She became unsocial and lost her...
Seriously...me too.   Not to get all serious and shit (but clearly that's what I'm doing).   I have plenty of friends and social interaction in real life, but I feel like the media/social media...
ENTP/INTJ team would probably have a better strategy and be more creative -- as well as communicate on a deeper level.  ENTJ/INTP would probably create better equipment and be more ruthless-- as...
BTW! I was hoping you would jump on the word annotated -- I meant denotative. Haha! It was not a test, I truly messed it up...but I was expecting that to be your leverage.  Bravo for taking the...
Well, there is no doubt you're ENTP (haha).  I hate to keep boasting, but I truly have never met anyone like myself.  I have met other ENTP's (2 very recently have become good friends), but there...
HA! No. I see what you mean, but in my head I'm rationalizing it based on the fact I know who I am rather than who I wish I was.  I am prissy about it because people are blatantly (to me at least...
You weren't disrespectful in the connotation that has settled in America, but you were disrespectful in the annotated meaning.  By that I mean, you did neglect the fact that I clearly had personal...
Yeah, I'm existentialist too.  OUT.
I really just do not care anymore; I have a meeting at 11 tomorrow and a cumulative exam at 1. Then, another exam on Friday.  Then, I'm gonna go ahead and go sky diving on Saturday, and display the...
I give up, seriously. haha   Thank you for all your responses.
Or.....maybe I am a complete and utter dumbass and have COMPLETELY mistyped myself over the past 2 years.  BUT THANK GOD, there are plenty of genius's here that I can go to for such profound answers...
Probably because I have made connections with each thing I stated with respect to myers-briggs, but I would have a hard time explaining why or how. It's all relevant, just not immediately.
Surroundings: I only pat attention to people and my thoughts -- seriously.  I do not know how to get anywhere, and if I do it is based on working my way through my head with visions like an aerial...
I meant his Iron Man character. I do not know a thing about RD Jr's personal life outside of cocaine.   If that is still Se dom...I'm shocked
Hahaha thanks dawg
I was laughing at his breakdown...it was spot on but harsh.  The INTP that I know well truly means no harm, but his personality provokes the opposite.  I can't generalize you with the one INTP that I...
b
Would you like a run-down of my life for an understanding of my ENTP typed reasoning?
I think there may be confusion when I said important things that I am not bullshitting.   Look here from OP:   ....sorry I am a bit too lazy but honestly too busy to look into it. Yes,...
........hahahaha
Haha ohhh no, most of the hispters that I know come off much more S type --living in the moment.  However, this does not pertain to all of them.  It depends on the pairing and in-turn to it's...
I am envious of s types but I , to my core, do not have a more positive view on them.  I cannot help but find them less intelligent (which I understand could be a million year conversation in...
I'm sure there isn't a connection (not actually sure hince the inquiring but couldn't think of a better phrasing), but I could count to infinity at 4.  I remember sitting in a room getting...
Yes, sir.   http://personalitycafe.com/entp-articles/14767-development-entp-children.html
Honestly though, you have to know yourself.  INTP's tend to be very arrogant about their views they provoke to the world and discuss towards other.  It is like an INTP to want others not to have that...
Well sir, I respectfully disagree.  I am open to the fact that you may be correct, but I find it extremely hard to believe.  I guess I'll look into things more before I keep parading around forums...
I am definitely a thinker.  That response is not out of desire to be one who thinks, but out of complete careful observation of my life and concluding that I am one who thinks way too much and too...
Based on this, I would definitely be ENTP.
if there is one letter I am most sure about, it is N over S.  My father is deeply S (ESTJ) and this has been whom I've learned to be practical from.  I freaking love theories (if you've seen any of...
Most often, I come up ENFP, but ENTP seems to fit my description better.  Tests are shit -- research yourself. I understand and I have, but I feel like I am a near perfect balance. I'm both. ...
seriously....same fucking thing
No problem, I've been there.  A really rough period of my life where I shut down and started living in my head.  Take the initiative to go out there and just do something and get yourself out of that...
I had it all up there for a bit but it didn't get any acknowledgement and I couldn't find how to delete the thread. haha  It's basically having to do with me being ENTP, about to end a 2.5 year...
hey
The Achilles Heel of ENTP's:   dum, dum, dum....    : REDBOX  1. I'm under the impression that a lot of ENTP's like film (intellectual, able to stare and read people without consequence,...
I may have, sort of, you know....started one. I can change the OP that was just talking about the story I posted.  Unless you mean, stories we write ourselves. ...
Alright joker, well said.
Well you seem like J; whether that is judging or a joke, I do not know.
Haaaaaa I'm interested in the explanation. I find it over-the-top but accurate in a lot, a lot of ways.
This is Me x96 an ENTPx92s Personality Breakdown | Backwards Time Machine   just read...and comment your reactions here.'"


4228: 'Wow, if I could delete this and redo now, I would.  Here's what it most likely is, in my opinion:  Claire - ENTJ  Phil - ESFP  Luke - INTP  Alex - INTJ Haley - ESTP Jay - ISTP
For everyday stuff, I usually wear my pewter-colored Sperrys.  For going out, I wear wedges. I LOVE how heels look on me, but I have small feet (which get sore from walking in heels much more...
I don't know about you guys, but this might be my biggest pet peeve.
Dear ISFJ Mom,  You're a fucking coward.  Sincerely,  Your Daughter
Hypothetical Scenario: There's a job I really want. I know I  would be great at it, but I don't meet one of the technical  qualifications. I'm nervous, and I have terrible writer's block. I can't ...
Hypothetical Scenario: There's a job I really want. I know I would be great at it, but I don't meet one of the technical qualifications. I'm nervous, and I have terrible writer's block. I can't...
Dead-on. If I've gotten to the point that I can be an asshole, it means I'm comfortable with you.
Fine! I HATE ALL OF YOU, TOO.
I'll follow you. (Take that however you wish.)  Also, if anyone's interested, I'll message you my handle.  Or you can just get on with your life.  Your choice, really.
Yup!
The other day, my mom was playing with my 4-month-old puppy in our back  yard.  She (the dog) was really excited to play with this coconut she  found.  My dad had just gotten home, so we stepped out...
Ever feel like your brain is just loud?  More often than not, my inner monologue drowns out everything external.  In conversation, I constantly have to ask people to repeat themselves, and in utter...
Those are all valid notions.  I wouldn't say my post is a reflection of INFJs as a whole; rather, it's just a description of what my limited experiences have been.
Whaaat?  Awesome!
The one INFJ I know of in real life, I absolutely love.  Laid back, well-mannered, generous, fun.  Also, very interested in discussing the types of topics I love talking about.  Online...to be...
I guess it depends on how many buffers there are.  Ten ENTPs with 40 non-ENTP buffers might not be that bad.  Ten ENTPs with, like, four non-ENTPs might not go so well.  And ten ENTPs with ten ESTJs...
My ISTP boyfriend once got really insulted when we were in the middle of a fight and I said something like, You obviously don't care.  Weird thing is, I wasn't even trying to piss him off.  I still...
I haven't read any of the other posts, so someone may have said this already, but here it is anyway.   I have no shame in saying that when it comes to stuff I don't feel like doing, I am for sale....
THANK YOU.  You and Devoid are always so helpful!    I'm 22, unmarried, and my boyfriend and I now live 1,300 miles away from each other.  Probably not the best time to go the mommy route, haha. ...
Oh, I've been networking, etc.  Big time.  I just need some advice on ways not to get lazy or discouraged in between.    Advertising.  I'd like to go into ad copywriting or social media.
I am now officially unemployed.  (It wasn't a bitter or cold-blooded firing or anything like that.  I was just in a year-long paid internship, which I knew from the beginning was going to end around...
I couldn't.  Even if I did find him to be unpredictable, I'd understand his thought process too well to feel any kind of spark.  In order to develop some kind of sustainable passion or emotional...
I'd like to thank this twice.
Most of the ISTPs I know of are fantastic with animals.  What kind of pets do you have? What are they like? How do they fit into your lifestyle?
bellisaurius, you've got kids, right?  Get in on this.
It's kind of like orange, but without all the reddishness.
Stop laughing, I'm serious!  All joking aside, I'm wondering about ENTPs as parents or pet-owners, etc.  If you are one, what's your approach like?  If you aren't one but know one, what do you...
- Sometimes you may have a hard time understanding why having your heart in the right place and giving people space are not mutually exclusive.
I guess I'm flirty by most people's definitions.  Most of the time, though, it's just that I have a sick sense of humor, and guys that are interested tend to take it as flirting rather than...
All of that sounds really sweet, yet it's the least ISTP thing I've ever heard of an ISTP doing.  I learned something new today.
NICE.    Both.
My ISTP boyfriend and I are long-distance, but today (Valentine's Day) he surprised me with an e-mail of a gift certificate for a massage at a spa near where I live.  His explanation after I...
I don't get dressed unless I've got somewhere to go.  When I'm home, it's yoga pants and a tank top or t-shirt.  I'll do my hair and makeup in the morning, but other than that, I could stay in pj's...
Thanks.  If I knew her, I'd probably have a better answer.  It's obviously too soon to ask her to be a gf; just ask her to dinner.  It sounds like you already did that, though, so I dunno what to...
Bro, that was your cue to move things along.   It seems like the problem isn't so much that you can't deal with women as you just can't bring yourself to reward behavior that is so transparent...
Absent-mindedness and poor eyesight obviously aren't type-specific, but I'm curious to hear some theories as to what type Mr. Magoo might be.  Suggestions?
That's exactly what I mean.  One of the recurring themes of the series is Harvey's tendency not to be emotional, and rare moments where he does show emotion are consistent of those with tertiary Fe....
It's just weird.
I added a little more to my original post before I saw your reply.  Check back if interested.    I would agree with the Fi statement if I didn't think there were a stronger case for tertiary Fe. ...
I see where you're coming from with both.  I think he's too abstract to be an ESTP; his inclination to seek out patterns and underlying meanings suggests more Ne than Se.  As for ENTJ, they really...
Whatever the activity, I feel most in my element at night.  I think it's because I associate daytime with pressure to do things that I don't really care for (errands, chores, small talk with people)....
Don't try too hard, or at all, if you can help it.  There's nothing more refreshing than effortless authenticity.  I can't stress enough how miserable/frustrated/annoyed it makes me to be around...
Most ESTJs and unstable ENFJs.
Same.  My room is always dead silent and pitch black at night (I even put stuff in front of my laptop to block the charging light), and I still can't fall asleep.  Maybe if I throw on some relaxation...
This.
Serious question.  This is something I have not been able to do for years.  Literally, years.  I can't fall asleep at night.  I just end up lying awake thinking for hours and hours on end, then...
Most things.
...the contents of your purse spill out everywhere while you're driving.  ...you're showing someone a video that streamed just fine the last 19 times you watched it on your own, and now...
Intentionally funny or not, this made me crack up.
Ridgebacks (Thai and Rhodesian) are awesome.'"


4252: 'Veggie lo mein with rice noodles and a homemade sauce from ginger, shitake mushrooms and lemongrass.
i agree with the others. one of the best thing about being an ENTP is we're so good at problem-solving. You have a problem, not get to solving it instead of wallowing in it. wallowing is way more...
most people i know find it charming and appreciate it because it also inspires them. even some of my most reserved friends love  surprising me with things they know will result in my 2 minute happy...
i think it's important to use correct definitions for words. the purpose of language is to communicate. how can you effectively communicate when you're intentionally changing the language?
i think in general being labeled as a tomboy has more to do with how active you are and feminine is defined by how passive/demure you are. i've noticed that many of my girlier friends are marked by...
i value honesty, compassion, thoughtfulness, dependability, stability, humor, and sincerity.  people trying to impress me doesn't automatically annoy me (it's only guys who do this ime). it depends...
i just started my job about 6 months ago. the first week out they invited me out for drinks all came except for 1 woman who lives further away. so according to my coworkers she's a weirdo. turns out...
definitely. women can be  just as catty, rude, dismissive, narcisstic, egocentrical, etc as men. i can't think of many people - even guys - who'd want to put up with that sh*t for longer than 20...
pensiveness and studiousness is an innate NT quality? That's the first i've heard that.   i have yet to meet these men en masse who are intimidated by smart women.  of course there are guys out...
Oh yeah. What do assertive females think of receptive males? it depends I've known receptive men who were more on the overly sensitive side and others who were more balanced but still witha  sofy...
i'm on the border as well. i think SPs get a bad deal on the whole intelligence issue because they tend to be more doers. i'm more of a doer as well so when i say something smart, perspicacious, or...
it's not an INFJ thing.. Most cameras are bad and most non-professional lighting is worse. i have several friends who are model gorgeous and even they have crappy photos if they aren't careful about...
Cartoon: Archer or Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Anime: I don't like anime Live Action: Supernatural Crime Show : I avoid these as much as I avoid anime
i tell them that i'm not finished speaking yet. if they do it again then i talk over them.. eventually they get the point
i was dating an ISTP for awhile before he had to move for work, so my answers are based on that and the fact that one of myy female besties is ISTP  1) first impression of them?  - Puzzling  and...
i prefer to be pursued - but only if i'm giving you signals that it's OK to advance. so i guess i like being pursued while i leave a trail of bread crumbs to where you can find me..  . i've also...
if the worse part of your day is seeing you're  instead of your or their instead of there then you either need more hobbies or to start interacting offline in the real world where there are...
i'm right in the middle so i see traits of both in myself - i'm goofy, i'm outgoing, i'm a darevil, i'm a badd ass, i sometimes have very little patience for abstract thinking and theoretical...
if it's against me then i dont have the patience, attention span or time for vengeance, but that person is definitely written out of my life 4eva.  but if it's against a friend or a loved one, IT'S...
i'll post 3 for now  old school : alain delon  http://images.askmen.com/fashion/style_icon/54_alain-delon.jpg    new school : jensen ackles
Welcome. I'm another ExTP so you're not alone :crazy:
but sometimes people project their feelings on to you. some people actually believe that any form of kindness of friendliness from someone from the gender they are attracted to = romantic invitation.
yup, that about sums it up  personally i tend to be quite fond of most of the INFJs I've met in real life. :laughing:
I'm extremely competitive and I always want to do better than I did the last time. With sports, it's incredibly frustrating for me to struggle at something because I'm usually really good at sports. ...
I prefer being with I guys but I have dated E's before. Although the relationships with other E's have always been super fun, they also weren't as deep as the ones I've had with I's. not that we...
this sounds like one of those issues that have less to do with personality type than someone's individual behavioral choices. dude sounds like  someone who lies to get what they want when they want...
i dont think so. i'm sure i definitely had some ISTJ school mates who were always more concerned with following the rules than having fun. i definitely know one of my cousins was always a homework...
in my signature
Not all I men are intimidated by us, from my experience it's harder to make ISTPs and ISTJs  into your bitch  :crazy:    but we'd at least give you a piece of candy after eating your soul....maybe..
but let's face it. the game - although fun - gets to be a bit tiring (at least for me) so it's fun to switch the rules up a bit. :laughing:   and i agree with the flustered part, sometimes it's...
i dont think i could ever be mistaken as an introvert in any situation. even when i started my new job and was pretty much to myself, my cowokers had somehow already decided amongst themselves that I...
I'm fun,  I'm smart,  I'm witty,  I'm mischievous,  I'm active,  I'm protective of my friends and family,  I'm a defender of the underdog,  I call people on their BS,  i can adapt to crazy...
i'm in the you're reading too much into camp. my guess is he likes you, just not necessarily in that way you like him.   is he actively flirting with you? that would be a good sign. and even better...
i'll be honest.. you guys tend to be assholes, but then again so do i (in the most delightful ways :laughing:) so it's not surprising that 2 of my very bestest amigas on the planet are ENTJ... ...
could enneagram have something to do with this as well? i'm a 7w8 ENTP so i'm also all about looking for and doing exciting things ...or maybe i really am an ESTP? :unsure:
I sometimes have the same problem but I think it's because I think mainly in pictures than words, so sometimes translating the picture to word can be difficult for me.Even though English is my native...
join the club OP :crazy:
seriously? ENTPS are more brutal than the other T types? Especially the TJs :blushed: sorry but bwahahahahahaha. ENTPs are probably the most fluffliest of all T types, which probably makes us an...
here's the thing.. everything can be a flaw depending on the circumstances it's used in. for instance the same thing that might get me praise and promotions at work might get me punched in the face...
whatever it is, i bet it's really really funny
I think in many ways E vs I is determined by your brain developmental needs. There's recent research that shows that brain chemistry is different between Es and Is to the extent that Es need  more...
interesting topic.. my mom was definitely verbally and emotionally abusive as well as incredibly emotionally manipulative and had mental issues so in many ways i sometimes had to be the...
i should also add that trying to save us is a really good way of getting yourself added to our list minions. you think you're helping us.. we know you think you're helping us but in actuality we'd...
don't worry about us. we run hell... satan is actually OUR minion
my favorite superheroes as a little kid were wonder woman and storm. batman wasn't my favorite guy superhero because i was all about mutants like ninja turtles, wolverine, gambit and nightcrawler.  ...
i'm sure he'd also accept the occasional after sex sandwich or the after sex brownies   serious OP.. just tel her this  shes  a very nice girl and fun to be around. shes magnetic.
of course this is relative, but my idea of overly sensitive is taking everything i say personally. for instance, if i say i don't like something that you really like, it doesn't mean i'm saying i...
There's a difference between having emotions and making your decisions based solely on those emotions. Emotions can definitely spark things in us but that's doesn't mean that's where it ends. We're...
where are they from? i normally use cold cream on a cotton ball for eye makeup. it's really the only thing i can find that cleanly takes off th makeup, especially considering that I wear urban decay...
i hit send to soon.  thinkers will almost always sound like  come off as hard core computers to feelers'"


4257: I'm an ENTP and my mom is most certainly and ISFJ. I came out to her as gay a couple of years ago and she is a card carrying member of the fundamentalists christians.  Ever since I came out she has...
Start off wit a soft art like Aikido or Tai Chi. There you would learn great control and really enhances your style when you practice other arts if soft arts are your base skill.
Some of my best friends on the planet are ENFPS...
I'm an Aikidoka. And I love to get slammed by the higher ups just to seem how good my recovery time is and how well I react... Then the other half is that I love to slam people myself and mess with...
Well that answers that question...
Sir, you just described my entire academic career, LMFAO!  I'm heading into the engineering field. computer and electrical enigineering with some geomatics. I wanna break into telecommunications...
starry eyed dreamer OF course it does because society itself is the construct of extroverts most of the time tainted with narcissism. Just because Extroverts work better with the outside world does...
Considering you guys are big into the into the in the intuitive feeling business is it common to use intuition aides such as cards, scrying, and or other esoteric junk?
IN grade school when i took standardized test most of my scores were pretty solid but my ability to learn I always scored 99%. Past couple of weeks through sitting in my room with books and using my...
Is there anyway to find a way back to balance if one of your major boundaries are crossed?  What grabs your attention if you go into silence mode on someone?  Are there sometimes you feel that...
Cuddling is one of my favorite activities. The reason I love pets and am an aggressive hugger.
peacenluv78 - Thank you, I hope whoever I end up with that I can find all those great they are suppose to find in me and be all I can for me before being it for someone else. It's easy for me to see...
You can call me professor ;D
I think I am out of crushville for a while because I am starting to form in my mind a person who can handle my me-ness. I even looked in INFJ territory who are supposed our best match and they don't...
nessaea- Thank you! I can show you how we use it all the time anyway if that would give you a better idea of how to use it for an NF's needs if you would like.
I am doing this wrong and I am going to start doing it right, right now.  I came here looking for something that none of you can give me. Don't feel bad nobody can give it to me but me.  I have...
oh and that can be used for everything involving making decisions. if you want more control over yourself in emotional situations use it.
Professor Ace, has a method for dealing with this particular issue. *puts on scholarly regalia*  In my experience with INFJs they like to run when things take a sharp turn on them, and they are...
*sigh* I smell a rat. Luckily, I am a kind and gentle soul with such creatures and think they should be set free when properly captured. Please stay out of my affairs, unless you are apart of said...
Dude! My best friend is one of those leave them alone.  I know a lot of people who are inspired by our confidence. I want to feel great about myself so other people will feel better about...
7w6, 3w2, 9w8
You are kinda awesome.  I will be sure to send you one about it.  Resistance and evasion is attributed to the fact that I like space to move around. In any and everything. It's a part of the more...
Zadriela: Thank you so very much. I didn't necessarily miss that but I might not have adjusted to a level that both our mental maps are satisfied.  I apologize Aquarian. If that was your only...
Ok this IS bullshit.  I honestly don't know how to respond to that. I am trying to engage you openly and honestly and you keep on giving me absolutely nothing but posing me as some kind of...
Arrive, Fuck/Fix It UP, Leave.
You see me. You see all the dangers of me. This kind of scares and excites me all at the same time.  A queen of swords can cut through all illusion that surrounds our nature.  Savvy and only...
I am not talking about just dawkins and hitchens school of thought. I am also talking about people that have ideas that are higher view of humanism no matter their view of god is. Why does every time...
I was attempting to make the conversation as light as possible but you want somethin else.  Ok let's get transparent here.  Yes, sometimes I am quite subtly and sometimes not so subtly passive...
Uh dudes... I already made an anchor for the state and relaxing it. I am using it right now to clean my house. Wanna know how I know it's working? First, I don't clean, at least not in a continuous...
Darlin, you are starting to sound more like a Scorpio than an Aquarius. Thanks for the support.  I think maybe both of our self concepts maybe a bit more intense than we should let them be when...
I do it all the time. I talk, teach, and guide that it is ok to learn and know. I just want to mobilize us by getting a bit in your face.
I usually tell people if they wanna die happy they would marry me.
We should have a red or blue pill.
This a thread going out to all the The Rationals but my own especially because we are badasses. It has cursing and is kind of insulting in places. But we must draw attention and provoke thought. ...
A Pheonix rises burning away the ash and dubris of something that does not worked in the past. Illusions are just that to me. Other people need lies and bullshit to survive, but I do not survive I...
Entperson: I like girls too but I just find it easier just to identify as gay seeing as I am more easily attracted to guys. Plus guys have less hang ups because they don't mind so much if you play...
Decomp: when I meet my post requirement let's chat a bit privately. I like this discussion and am interested to see where it goes.
Why not use an NLP anchoring technique to anchor our sense of urgency and alacrity? If i spent enough time I could probably harness it with just a little practice. I can summon the feeling through...
Quirky Dynamisim. I dress the way i want the day to go.   Solitude Work day: Comfort and high function: A light jacket for pockets and hood or peacoat, loose fitting jeans, sarcasm shirt, scarf...
my style is very malleable to what life has given me in the way of resources and I practice NLP so I operate under the presupposition that every resource I need is readily available to me. Now it all...
Mitri:I am I highly affectionate person when in a relationship so if together time is what anyone wants I assure you they will tire of us being together before me. With their love of conversations...
Looking back at my past experiences with guys I always liked those types but something like distance always gets in the way. One of my favorite online personalities is one of them. I looked at most...
I people watch, converse and pick up a book or two. maybe have a coffee. I am always looking to have a discussion somewhere about one of my odd but ultimately fun subjects i research.
Decomp: Hey there, Darlin ;). I don't do anything long distance besides flirting, but hell I do that at any distance.So.. Protected anything good lately?   YNH: Momma always told me not to touch...
I usually hang around book stores and anywhere i can get an intellectual thrill of some kind. Like colleges and places like that.
Dewy: Looking for something all mine not looking to rent or borrow a guy.  Razare: I have gotten pretty good at doing the type indicator in my head (yay ENTP selective high intelligence). I think I...
I'm studying myself and the ways I am in relationships. Did some tests to find out who i would really like to be in a relationship with? Well it came up with INFJ. I did my bit of research and I..."


4262: 'Linkzelda I apologize too for my previous post on you about your brainstorming lol.It was one of my wierd jokes.
Thank's a lot for your advices bro! I used to maditate and focusing on breath in rythm like pulling weights. I started gym when i got bullied.When i was starting my training,i used to think about...
Just you need to catch your hand lol.Yes,if you make sexual thought for not more than 5 seconds,your brain starts activeting itself by the preassure of the pleassure and by cutting it,i think you...
No faping for 2 months,that's a real military training lol.Even without porn,my mind turns on dirty thoughts and uncotrolled.When i start thinking about something else to catch my interest,they are...
You can no fap for 6 years while i can't for 6 days.My bigest record is 10 days.You made a good progress.I want to go out of fap but i stuck.
That latent rage were the hell in my life.This year i started managing it.As for manipulation,if something hasn't gone as i wanted,i started being mad and starting to explain why i have...
I think that focusing on hearing may increases the sense.It may be problems in ears or in neural bases responsible for hearing.I used not to hear because i were inattentice and i was saying that i am...
So,the peneal gland is the core of behaviour and intelligence?I heard that you can increase your iq to 20-30 points by activating it.  I know,philosophy helps a lot,but science made me to depart a...
 feel something like this.I have maladjustment but they get serious at night.I stuck on negative thoughts and sometimes,when i have stress my brain stuck in a thought in cognitive staffs.I don't...
I don't know if i am psychopath and i don't care at all because i don't care to be ''normal''.Image streaming doesn't made me to feel strange,i always felt nvm.I know that i can be very sensitive,but...
Took me 2 hours to score 145 and other 2 to 155,which is to long.I feel like the dumb child who asks a question and others avoid to anwear directly to not hurt them by telling themyou are not so...
Thank's for your response. I've got 155 on that test and i would like to know approximently how it is compered to a real one.I stucked on 14 question,but i couldn't find the answear. In...
While people trying to get away from schizophrenia,you are trying to gain on purpose lol.So,have you got bored of seeing boring shapes my friend? Making people and talking to them may can help you...
The difference in iq and real life intelligence is about knowledge and passion.People who have pleassure about what they do,are better at it.Stephen Hawking and Einstein achieved more success than...
You can write iq tests in paper and try to solve them in it.Radiation makes worse the performence and the condition of mind espesially in ADHD.Your scores of 150 are in wechsler scale?Try here if you...
I don't like to give codes to people like iq,because they seem like robots,and i don't believe that iq tests can measure intelligence in it's true potential,but i think that it is a good way to...
I don't like to give codes to people like iq,because they seem like robots,and i don't believe that iq tests can measure iq,but i think that it is a good way to recognize a big size of intelligence...
As i can see,you are making a verbal brainstorming with ideas here and you use the forum as a braintraining.You found a site to reach your full potential of thought and discuss things and ideas that...
There aren't just the parts of the active neurosynapses,is the way that the neurons making synapses.As GeniusOverlord mentioned correctly,there are nuances is perception and i add in expression in...
In intelligence,there is not only perception,but expressivety as well and the result is the combination of those two.I can say that expressivity stimulates the observation and the oposite,something...
If you do a task without rest of period and you don't stuck into a thought and continuing creating fast possible ideas,than probably you could have a gain.Image streaming is good for this reason.
Iq measures observatioal abilities.So there are more intellectual abilities like creativity,expressivity,memory,organisation abilities,planning and others that you can change by time and are...
Mike15   You just see pictures in your mind while people they call them out and they are so dumb that a schizophrenian would feel blessed.Schizophrenians and psychopaths raised by society and they...
Every mental task which changes and increases your neurosynapses will cause you these kinds of mania.It is similar t puberty,quick  changes of the hormones flow and brain structure cause unstable...
GeniusOverlord  <<I am sure human growth hormones contribute to the growth of organs whilst testostrone aids in protein synthesis :l doubt organs can grow lol  The only reason why I know an...
Not only image streaming but every brain training technic increases testosterone levels,if you keep yourself in a demanding exercise.Meybe the growth of organs and muscles as well can be acheived...
Perceptive ablilities.
What determines intelligence in the brain and what is intelligence? *Is just the volume in brain,the speed and the number of neurosynapses or not just than? *s the quantity of the images and...
Has someone been tasted the stroop test here?It's a test that reveals the speed of attention,reflexes and switching thought abillity into a selective attention.It's a task that measures the...
Just they make you seem real.
I am talking about feelings. think emotions can be changed by the purpose of someone,but feelings are stable and we can identify them by being passive in a situation without purpose.For example,if...
 is synthesis,lol my keyborad turned into my language.QWS is the non verbal image streaming?
I hadn't a stable way of doing image streaming.From the first days i felt a changing in my thought,i gained a greater  thought and after a mounth i felt that i could answear with humor and...
Mike11514r32r Weakness makes a personality seem realistic and people focus in your weakness.So,if you are about to delete all of your weakness and increase far your intelligence,you will not be...
I do image streaming with opened eyes through light,so you can guess i look like a schizophrenic.Basically,i see spurious and fake images,but i feel a little preassure in frontal area just this.I...
I think many people feel something because they believe that this is what they expect for someone to feel in situations or because we see other people the way they react in those situations.So people...
Dude,fuck those depressive inhibited people who believe that you are what you born and nothing is gonna change what you are,and don't follow their waves by thinking that fact and it's believers and...
Yes.When i was a child i took an iq test in a center which i diagnosed with ADHD and all i know about is that i scored high and i ididn't  even knew that i was taking a real iq test to put the limits...
I feel like the more i increase my iq,the more antisocial i become and image streaming and other brain training technics increased my brain activity and my ADHD symptoms as well.Meybe by increasing ...
Intelligence is just a life style and effect us directly and indirectly.It's all about brain,managing the chemical condition of your own and influencing exogenous factors.I started caring about...
Intelligence is just a life style and efect us derectly and indirectly.It's all about brain,managing the chemical condition of your own and influencing exogenous factors.I started caring about...
AndyC , Linkzelda    think this iq test has been completed and was a real big thing.But who was the supervisor and who the test taker?I am protesting against you because i asked for puzzles and...
When i was younger i liked art,painting and drowing and i was trying to combine natural with supernatural.I left it because science catched my interest and i am trying to find a bridge between the...
When i was younger i liked art,painting and drowing and i was trying to combine natural with supernatural.I left it because science catched my interest and i am trying to find a bridge between the...
 can say,as i see in your picture :).Are you an artist or something?
Try if you want tests in iq haven.There are many puzzles.Have you faced a hard numerical task?
So,send me a puzzle or task more complicated you have been faced.
So,send me something more complicated you have been faced.
Linkzelda  Image streaming technic doesn't certifying you the future,but surely your pictures which relying on your future act and thoughts.But mind has not stable dimentions on thoughs to...
You can make analogies.Try to see a.)as much objects as you can and b.)as much coloured and shaped as you can.Combining these two at the same time and in the same almost intensity,you will get much...'"


4284: 'Oh man, this is serious. Good luck with her! Just make sure you don't look so infatuated when she's around, our charm lies in our independence. ;)
Are you really saying that this girl is a fundamental part of your wellbeing?
Oh come on.
This depends on the ability of the ENTP to make a strong rational point to justify the rupture. Even if that wasn't enough to convince the INFJ in the first place, how long do you think it will take...
Oh come on, IT IS. Try this: tell her you thought it over and came to the conclusion that the relationship between you is causing her harm. Use the rational explanation that comes to your mind at the...
I really love the love they feel for us!
The White Stripes - St. James Infirmary Blues
When you became afraid of taking the test again and maybe get a different result because you're completely sure that your type is the coolest one since the first time you read the description.
Would it be too inconvenient if I asked you to explain your point, mister?
I'd rather specialize in broad areas and become familiar with all the related knowledge that I can understand, specially when derived from areas completely different from the one I'm focused. I...
7/10, nice combination of soft colors, nice mask with nice appendages, though nothing different from the habitual random nonsense
9/10. I have no idea what it really is, but looks nice. Isn't it uspide down?
Sorry, I don't know what you're talking about, I'm a great driver.
I bet I could make you feel even more desperated. Wanna try?
Cold but awesome, deal with it
Damn, it would be fun.
Nice post. Objective reality is a concept that I have left behind while thinking about this, some time ago. It's an useless entity, after all, since it lacks an absolute observer, and thus cannot...
What a reliable source you have.
I'd say it's INTJ, for sure. They can be really mean when they want to, mainly in the virtual domains. ENTP are great as well, but I believe their advantage in this matter is a near immunity to...
Don't know, didn't read your post yet!
Tip: there's a simple english mistake that can be explored in the post above.
No, it's part of the fun. I post random nonsense I feel like here and you, even aware of how dumb I can be, keep on reading my randomness and even quoting me. It satisfies my urge for attention, my...
When you realize that this awkward feeling you have everytime somebody posts a new personality test is actually a hybrid of fear of getting another type, for you love being an ENTP since the first...
Proud to see that it didn't keep you from reading the whole thing, boss!
Forgive me, it was really rude of me to assemble all sorts of uninteresting types without giving the deserved distinction to a species known for it's intriguing complexity and unique sensibility,...
You know, some days ago I realized that I lacked modesty... But today I can say I'm perfect.
Pure jealousy. You freaks just can't understand how it's possible for someone to have free pass through some fancy social circles, get laid often, talk nonsense, forget all the homejob but still have...
dI usually avoid words and expressions such as wrong, correct, the only way, the wrong way... They're asphyxiating for who listens and they reveal the speaker's inability to relativize the consensual...
ENTP fight! Let the most deceitful-filthy-sordid rogue win!
Well, I could tell you the secret, but listening to it can bring serious side effects that range from hideous nightmares and growth of hair behind the ear to lethal laugh attacks. Reading it can make...
What I love most is, undoubtely, our unique internal personal logic. It seems like we were born with our own logic system, instead of adopting the cheap, generic and conventional one without asking,...
Well, I think my way of handling this is always being available to expose my logic, if we're talking about someone whose opinion really matters for me. Like ok, you think I'm cold because of x? Let...
Oh, come on. You seem to be quite aware that you're playing with fire, you even came here to tell us that. Why don't you try to take something constructive from this situation? Maybe you can just...
When you realize that the thing you've naturally done since you were born is so unfamiliar to other people that they gave it the fancy name of brainstorm.
You frequently need to insist that you're being serious about an idea that everyone else took for a joke.
But you know, sometimes only exchanging bad experiences isn't enough to clean our minds from all the anger they bring. Sometimes we need some action. We're talking about our well being, our mind and...
WOW, don't you think you're putting things in an overly dramatic way? Even if I accidentally happened to do something that may resemble one of these situations - of course it all depends on who is...
You realize that, for some mysterious reason, everybody likes you. Even the mothers of your friends seem to love when you drop by. Well, as a matter of fact there are 3 or 4 or 5 drama kings that...
You show impressive knowlege and relevant opinions about all the books that your friends mentioned in a random conversation. Of course, nobody needs to know that you've read just a couple of them....
The professor congratulates you for your amazing point of view in a presentation that you prepared the night before displaying and can't tell for sure what was about. You smile and go buy a coke.
Wow, 813 pages of things that piss you people off. Relax! You shouldn't keep all these negative feelings, that's not good for your health and won't bring anything good. I suggest taking a deep breath...
Well, coming to think of it, it's not really my fault that this universe is so intriguing. I was given only one possibility to understand everything and the idea of wasting it with trivial and...
I really hate my inability to deal with everyday's issues - like paying bills, going to sleep in a reasonable time, starting to study when I planned to (and not 4 hours later), being more punctual...
53578 My first anatomy class, 2005, because there are funnier things to do with a skull than studying it.  53579 First parachute jump, 2010, when backpacking through Europe. This was...
He was right all along and I was wrong.  Keep that in mind and you shouldn't have any more issues. But remember to argue now and then just to... well, argue
Unethical? Most people may say so, but I think that's because they don't really get what indifference means. I usually don't act with the intention to hurt somebody, for this is generally pointless,...
The moment when I'm discussing anything with someone and I realize my point is wrong, but I will continue to argue to see if I can convince the other person that I am right - just to see his...
You may see it as a typical dilemma, I see it more like creativity. That's where the ideas come from, I guess.
I'm pretty sure I would forget to pack and take the first 10 things I see 5 minutes before departing
And I would write a book named A Lesson From Piranhas: how I rediscovered the meaning of life eating bananas, some sort of motivational stuff that would sell a lot and make me millionaire. Since I...'"


4303: 'It's what is inside the pants that counts.
I thought we were naming types of popcorn.
Extra butter..
I think you fail to remember that ENTP's and INTJ's don't really play by your rules.  AND, If life is on the line, we ENTP's are perhaps the scariest and craftiest cheaters you wouldn't ever want to...
Depends on how hot she is.
Welcome.   Why is your username the easiest boss in Dark Souls? Is there any significance behind it or did you just like the flow of the sound?
Metaform  Electric Eyes
Metaform  Electric Eyes
Sounds about right.  You've got the gist of it.   Welcome to the forums.  I know, if you're like other ENTPs, your time here will ebb and flow, so while you're here enjoy yourself.
People have told my I have very intense eyes when I'm angry.    However, I've also found that I am frequently misinterpreted as being angry, when the actual feeling i'm experiencing is Hurt or...
Ben Howard x96 Oats In The Water
Emancipator  Greenland
The O'Jays x96 For The Love Of Money
I wouldn't call it fixed, exactly.  The logic is still a bit off.  When restricting who can view the list to friends only in my profile privacy, it don't believe it should make it so that friends...
HEY HEY!  look at that!  you're showing up for me now, as well.    Looks like setting the Who can view to Friends only also keeps it from showing visitors (unless they're site moderators, like...
Interesting.. I'm going to change my setting from Friends (who can view it) to registered members.  Would you do me a favor and go to my page again?
It shows up under friends, labeled recent visitors  it has nothing to do with whether we are friends or not.
additionally, take a look at my wall.  Several users have posted in the last couple days, and they're not in the visitors list; not even for you, @TreeBob.  That was what brought it to my attention...
TreeBob - This is the first new name (yours) i've seen! and the count went up.  I wonder if it's because I'm on an ignore list of one of the visitors that could be causing the bug?    The last...
Has anyone else experienced that their last 10 visitors list never updates.  Mine has been exactly the same since about June, from what I can tell. I know people have visited my page, because the...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDj7DuHVV9E
Banned for blaming someone else for your own feelings of guilt.
1. Yes.  More often I use it for group/conference calls in gaming situations.  The chat is ok too because it's linked up to my facebook. 2. Yeah.  Lettusaurus is my sn there too
Death Grips  Guillotine
You go shopping for silverware and end up buying a spork.
Benny Benassi  Cinema - Radio Edit
I think that's why I test so high on both Se and Ne functions.  It's all about how I perceive reality in the questions.  I'm offically tested as an ENTP, though.
C Low Superstars  Crazy (A Tribute to Gnarls Barkley)
Piper is definitely not an ENTP.  She's a sensor (think back to soaps, and cooking), and a feeler (crier, drama, emotional based).  I would say ESFP.  That typing fits her much more, in my opinion.
Red Hot Chili Peppers  Hard To Concentrate
so in letting her go and you let her go; you both let her go physically from you and you let her go be herself.
I was actually listening to the song when I came across this forum, so I found it was appropriate to post it.  I agree it only one side to the complex operation of letting go; relationships. ...
Other jobs: Factory work (don't have to talk to anyone, hardly) Data Entry (you might like this.  not challenging, but you can be on a computer, listen to music, etc. while doing mind numbing data...
Ditto this statement.
Passenger  Let Her Go
Passenger  Let Her Go  one more for the night. Love you all.
Bob Marley  Sun Is Shining (Dubstep Remix)
Perfume Genius  Sister Song
Two Door Cinema Club  Changing of the Seasons
I was bullied a lot, and so I turned out kinda sensitive.    I wasn't very big.  I wasn't especially talented at sports; always seemed to be on the B team.  I had heart.  I was really smart, but...
Nelly Furtado  Magical World (Bassnectar Remix)
oh. messed up the flow.  ENTPs are crazy!
ISTP missing the point, yet again.  By pointing out one personality types downfalls does not necessarily mean that I possess those traits in large.  Now go back to your little dumb person area.
INTPs have no idea what it's like to be popular.  I'm sorry you'll probably never really fit in.  Also, your hygiene is typically lacking, and you can't create ideas for yourselves.  You rely on...
Bahaha, and it would drive the INTP's crazy.. because they don't have a sense of humor...  and have rotten vaginas
ISTP, once again coming in too slow and failing at the game.
INTP's have smelly rotten vaginas
I dated an INTP once.  Very unoriginal lovers.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geT2sNycGpE&amp;feature=youtu.be
Dear all of you INFJ's Read my blog entries. How do you feel about them? Love, ENTP'"


4306: 'Name: LexiFlame  MBTI: ENTP  Enneagram: 7w8 7w6 9w8  Temperament: Sanguine/Choleric  Alignment: Neutral Evil
dances
Banned for having an avatar that doesn't even look at people when speaking to them.
LexiFireExtinguisher SexiLexi69696969 GoFuckYourSelfie
I have a hard time deciding how to have my eggs cooked because all the forms are delicious.
Yeah, I definitely plan to! I just hope I don't get killed on the first day like usual :dry:
Hey! :kitteh:  I used to be pretty active on her a year or two ago, and I finally came back! Yay! So yeah, just posting here to hopefully connect with a few of my old friends KateMarie999 Monsieur...
Haha, a friend of mine's birthday is actually on April Fools Day. More often than not, her best birthday gift is that people don't try to prank her :3
I'd pick the sea. I've seen underwater scenes on tv before, and I know someone who has gone scuba diving a few times and they said it's truly amazing. And I love swimming :)
Tyler Perry for sure!  Mr. Brown: Ya'll laughin' but I think I see the light! Joe: I think I see it too, All them colors u got on.. You ARE the light. Madea: Taste The Rainbow!!  Madea: Just...
http://lvls.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/title-mp.gif The original Mario Party!!! I was obsessed with playing in the cake area with all my family and friends. ...
Nightkill Kyo :tongue:  @Meepster Yay!!! :D
Mnage  trois?? :wink:
Sure!!!  http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8j5nmpIb21qzzpi4o1_400.gif
Yay INTJ's! If I had to pick some crushes they'd definitely be  @J Squirrel @MasterMind @QrivaN @Spades @Space Cat  You guys are all kinds of awesome :kitteh:
Congrats!!!! :kitteh:
Congrats!!!! :kitteh:
Haha, purple as well. :kitteh:
I'm a big fan of red and black, so I just had to vote those. I really like the blue and silver idea as well, I think that would look really nice just the way Praying Mantis described it. And I also...
Ah, I knew I had seen it somewhere and it was awesome!
Marilyn Manson and Abraham Lincoln  Skrillex and Mozart  Gene Simmons and Richard Simmons  Joseph Smith and Jeffree Star
AriesLilith Congrats!!!! :kitteh:
I played piano for 9 years, but I've now stopped having professional lessons and decided to just play for pleasure instead of pursuing it as a career as I had been.
Congrats!!!! Brian1 :kitteh:
Sure its called Love, Chunibyo & Other Delusions. I watch a lot of animes (slightly addicted) so here's some I found that were really good, or at least those that I can remember right now.   The...
This is so cool!!!! Hmm...   Dark Flame Master or Dark Flame Mistress (It's from like the awesomest anime ever!!!)  or...   Lady Flame (thanks to @Dauntless <3).  And in red please! :D
*fist pump* FTW! I love that song XD  Since your name is partly  French... Vous tes plus beau que les toiles. Ou as-tu t toute ma  vie? (Pretty much the only flirty phrases I know in French lol)
http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view3/1203385/could-ve-had-a-v8-o.gif  ^*Hands you a V8* I've just saved you from a future of forehead slaps. I wonder how you can repay me? :wink:
I was wondering this myself actually, but I think I've heard that any of the mods can give them if they feel like it. I was talking to someone that has one, and they don't even know which mod gave it...
:shocked: How can you possibly choose?!?!.....  ... I suppose The Rolling Stones, but this is so hard!
http://gifguppy.com/css/images/movies/strangerswithcandy/dramaticturn.gif  Hell no! I'm the creepy closet lurker :[  *sets up a surveillance camera in your room for when you get back from my...
You had me at What the fuck are you doing in my closet? <3
Congrats!! :kitteh:
Bans you because the customer is always right!
I've ben here about 8 months now, so I selected 6 months.
Definitely the mafia sub-forum if that were an option, but overall my favorite section is the entertainment plaza. The Personality Test Resource section is a close second.
Yay! Congrats MindSlinger !!! :kitteh:
I lost my teddy bear D: .... Can I cuddle with you instead?
Well, I think they're probably great. I'm basing that opinion of an 18 year old INTJ friend of mine. We get along great. He's one of the smartest people I know, with the most logical, well thought...
Haha, yes I was watching the episode, and I saw some of their Facebook posts. It's hilarious how ignorant they are.
It sounds great! Well, here's hoping someday I actually can live there!
Well, I like talking to, texting, emailing, and being with people all the time, or even with a group of people all at once. Conversation is usually effortless with people I really like, and even with...
Yeah, I can completely understand your frustration. My mother and I clash over little things like that all the time and it's really taken its toll on our relationship. The little things can matter a...
Oh I've heard that before, it's really cute!
Absolutely lol. It's like those online IQ tests' question, If all Irish people have red hair, and all people with red hair have bad tempers, do all Irish people have bad tempers?. Although I can't...
Haha, I hate to say it, but not only does he not see mess, he doesn't care can somewhat apply to me. I can't keep a space clean for the life of me. I mean, I do a little cleaning, pick up things...
Aww, I'm sorry. Might I ask why if it's not too personal?
Scandinavia is much too cold, so definitely not. I'd love to visit, but not to live there. I live in Canada and it's already much too cold for me, so I would definitely choose a warmer place.  I'm...
Ah, one of those tough ones! Ok, well I was wondering this a while back and looked up a lot of theories and ideas. I agree a lot with Julian Baggini's ideas on love. Basically, I think love is a...
Haha, of course! Very thoughtful :3  ^Not an example of my sarcastic humor XD'"


4314: 'Personally, one of the worst things is when other people do not understand my need to understand.  Of course, this can be explained simply by understanding that I don't need nor care to understand...
Thread seems dead, but I want to post this somewhere.  I donx92t remember exactly how it all got started. I was given a ring by my ex-girlfriend, and she wanted me to keep it safe while she traveled....
Not in the slightest. But the fact that it's highly likely that I also have ADHD (evaluation at a psychiatrist is currently ongoing) would mean, among other things, that my executive functions are...
My friends will often bring stuff up from back when we were children and I'll have no clue..
It's definitely not that formal. She is referencing a lot from when we were together and talks openly about it. But she'll do that and then quickly take a step back more often than not.   But her...
That's interesting. On guard how, specifically? She does seem a little bit overly polite, but not constantly. I know her to be careful and contemplative so I did not think much of it until you...
Thank you for your input! I was kind of expecting it to sound this way. Rationally I understand that it's probably not a good idea, but I can't help thinking that there might be a way to re-establish...
Hello, INFJs.  This may or may not be a coherent post, so bear with me.  I have put myself in quite the predicament. I recently got back into contact with my ex, we were together for nearly 8...
Most of the time I am good at reading people, but I find it extremely hard to read this one particular INTJ female I am quite infatuated by. How soon is too soon to inquire about romantic interest?...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYfNvmF0Bqw
I'm just awesome in every single way imagineable.
I hardly ever remember my dreams, it's very rare. It's quite disappointing, because I bet they're awesome.
The last one happens a lot. Except I'll explain to the other person that I lost my train of thought, that this always happens, and that I'll get back to them shortly, before I stop talking. I imagine...
I do this.   As I was going through this thread I see many suggesting that I should ask the person I'm talking to questions that might yield an answer that I'll find interesting. However, usually...
Probably would never have found this thread if it wasn't for you, thank you!  It's scary accurate and somehow precisely what I needed at this time.
I looked up the definition of it and I honestly can't think of a situation where I felt offended.
There's three things I particularly don't like;  -Being told what to do -Narrow-minded people -When people do things for me that I haven't asked for.
I'll quote RantnRave response to my question regarding this in another thread, because I think it was good advice and it might be useful for you as well.
While I'm reading your response to the OP I am reminded of that fact that I as well, need to become.  My question to you is this (being ENTPs); How would I go about bringing myself to stick to all...
Just because I wanted to try it, I put this text through the IBM Watson Personality Insigths which was linked to in the ENTP group on facebook. Please note: I have never used this before, nor can I...
I can relate to this a lot. I can't even recall how many times I've been in a situation with my dad (esfp) and brother (isfp) where I've stated; Why you are feeling sorry for me for something I'm...
I am inclined to agree with you on this one. I might have one NT friend in rl (ENTJ), it's not confirmed. We don't always get along. I'd prefer meeting another ENTP, or maybe a INTP.
I would think he likes her, as many other people have said.   I can't speak for him obviously, but I wouldn't bother calling every week if I didn't like the person. Nor would I spend a lot of time...
I do ask a lot of questions, but I'm generally quite unaware of that fact. Until someone points out, which happens sometimes... I've always thought it absolutely necessary to raise questions about...
All according to plan :wink:
This  website has a lot of IQ tests, including some high ceiling tests. Just thought I'd share.
Yes, everybody knows that having periods of low social interactions actually means that I need my bestiality fix. :happy:
I did it just for the sake of it. 129 IQ and I got 20/20 correct. How does that work when some of you got 148 with 20/20? I call BS on these types of tests.
It has happened to me, but very rarely. But this has been in periods of very low amounts of social interactions.
I get that though, and I agree. I wouldn't have then, obviously, but I do now. Of course nearly every parent wants the best for their children. And by me saying she is trying to tell me what to do, I...
ESFP dad and ISTP mom. I don't know what kind of bearing this has on me being an ENTP, if it even has any at all.  Growing up my dad was the one that always trusted me and supported me in decisions...
If they're not talking about something that piques my interest I have a really hard time pretending I'm interested. This in turn makes it very difficult to ask follow-up questions as well, obviously....
I used to struggle a lot with computer addiction, playing videos games such as World of Warcraft. What I found, in retrospect, helped me a lot with overcoming this was to stop talking, for instance...
Vlkommen, fellow ENTP. We're glad to have you! My German is nonexistent so started off with some Swedish seeing as it's pretty close to Norwegian :laughing:
I can't begin to tell you how much I agree with this post. Especially the first part of it.
I am currently reading God is not great - how religion poisons everything by Cristopher Hitchens. I haven't gotten very far yet but I think it makes for a good read. I'll come back when I've gotten...
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-P6SZo5CmbhY/VSWOr48PgVI/AAAAAAAAfnI/gGgcSiOJiVo/s1600/Milky-Way-Galaxy-Crater-Lake.jpg
Last night I was being chased by polar bears. I accidentally woke some up while going through the forest doing who knows what. I nearly lost a foot though from what I remember. It was weird and I...
Your Cognitive Functions: Extroverted Intuition (Ne) 








 12.85 Introverted Thinking (Ti) 





|| 9.15 Extroverted Sensation (Se) 





 8.25...
This is so f*cking hilarious! haha
First off, hello and welcome!  Here's a little excerpt from socionics.com  ENTps are far from angels. Don't be fooled by their clumsiness, spaced-out behaviour and over-friendliness. Behind it...
Haven't watched TV in years, it doesn't appeal to me at all. Music is something else though, I never go anywhere without it. Couldn't pick one artist though, I think. If I absolutely had to, I'd...
Hello and welcome to PerC! I am new here myself and so far I like it a lot. I'm fairly confident in saying you are going to enjoy it here!
You see this is precisely the thing I needed to know. Usually when he is down and he talks badly about himself I usually do just what you advice me not to, I don't agree with him (because you know, I...
These days he is really into cars and everything that has to do with cars. I don't have a drivers lisence myself so I don't know if there's anything we could do together there. But he used to like...
This is very true. And very annoying...
I realize that this will differ from person to person, I am speaking in general terms. But there has to be some stuff that is more or less true for most ISFPs.  The reason I am asking is that I'm...
Yes I agree it is good practice indeed. I just find that usually when I read about stuff my brain tend to move quite quickly. I forget about the details of things. It's almost as if I can see the...
I am sitting here pondering wether or not I should try and catch some sleep. My body says yes and my mind clearly states no. What a predicament.
This is so true. I'm hardly ever backing anything up with scientific facts when I speak and sometimes that will clash depending on what type I am talking to. I am always speaking in general which...'"


4319: 'Probably should've added in ENTP-specific things in that last post. Things to keep in mind, primarily when out in social situations (bars, parties, whatever events):  * Our Ne Ti allows us to be...
I could ramble on about pick up/dating for days, but if we're singling out flirting alone:  Tease, tease, tease. I can't stress this enough. It's always on. Witty bantor and playful teasing is...
Damn, wish I was active when this was going on lol  Self aggrandizing smirk collage in 3.. 2.. 1..  199898
Catchy words and phrases, all the time. Even my ESTP buddy, who always seems to be on top of everything catchy and new, still steals my shit. First it was annoying, then flattering, now it's just...
Like the religion thing. You feel a need to get settled on a religious decision. Where as an ENTP doesn't feel that need, it just kind of happens or doesn't.  I'm agnostic. Most religions sound...
Nailed it.  Technically more P-ness isn't possible, that's not how your brain works. You're always going to have that need to have certain things worked out; decisions, plans, and opinions settled...
In the case you listed: Truth. Without question. Her response to it isn't your fault, you did the right thing. She should know that.  Her response is quite surprising, for the record. SFJ's are...
I suppose I can actually answer the original question, considering I jumped in on this post lol  My greatest fears (in no order):  1) Losing my independence *coughFREEDOMcough* lol ...being in...
monemi Fair enough, I'll agree with you there.  Altho I experience the same fear of freedom that you're talking about. But I'm a Type 7 with a strangely prevalent Se, according to Cog Func tests,...
monemi  I wasn't denying that SP's need freedom. I'm well aware of my Temperaments, and Se, I don't need a course in it. There's no argument there, you are correct.  What I was defending was...
UPDATE:  So..... I mightttt have fudged this one up a bit. Did that whole I'm gonna over-analyze the whole thing, and start doing mini-tests to see if I can illicit an emotional response thing....
Yeah, the freedom thing isn't SP specific lol Ne basically requires an unlimited pool of options at all times. If there was to be any kind of distinction there, it would mayyyybe be:  Se desires...
Dude. This.  I'm about to turn 28, and I'm in that same place. Basically the same story, except I went to college for 6 years, changed majors 4 times, and ended up dropping out. Been working dead...
One of my best friends is an ESTP, and we're incredibly alike (that's what everyone says, and we're both Type 7's). But there's significant differences in the way we think. A couple things I can come...
Perhaps not, but I made a post that included this self-critical state awhile back (here), and an overwhelming amount of ENTP's identified with it. But hey, we're not all entirely identical.
Gender: Male Hair Color: Dark brown Hair Style: Med/long, shaggy (my avatar needs updated lol) Eye Shape: Idk... naturally slightly wider/bigger than average, but I squint a lot. Really...
Fixed the video lol
I was talking MBTI with one of my jam buddies, and got to talking about how we have moments of heavy self-critiquing (or sometimes straight up self bashing):  JB: So it can just happen for no...
I take a significant interest in potential mistypes. Plus I saw the LONG exchange in the ENTP forum, didn't agree with how either side handled it. Figured you could use something a bit more...
Not sure if this'll help, but here's an interesting post by someone who was also struggling with a possible mistype between INFJ/INTJ/INTP. They ask about Ni-Ti loops, weak Fe vs strong Ti in an...
Also (I know I know, another post lol) I wanted to point out that there is A LOT to personality typology. Many people stumble upon MBTI, and think they've got it all figured out. Truth is, I've...
Right??? lol
On a side note: as an NT temperament myself, I want to point out that, while most of the time I have a cool and calm demeanor, I still have plenty of moments feeling strongly and deeply as well. And...
I've always found it far easier (and much more accurate) to determine your temperament first, and then chunk down from there. So we're working with:  SP SJ NF NT  Now I know you're not an SP,...
I don't have any specific examples off hand, but anybody that doesn't know me very well would def think I was an ESTP. My Ne seems to primarily manifest itself in clever one-liners and off-the-wall...
Thanks for the responses. I'll just give it some time, be patient. Push the boundaries here and there, cause that's what I do lol  I DO have experience with Fi. One of my good friends is a...
...from everything I've been reading, I think I'm just over-thinking it. I think I'm just not used to girls that are so reserved with their emotions, and are so hesitant to convey what they want. ...
So I've been kinda seeing this ISFP girl for 3-ish weeks, and I'm having a hard time gauging how she feels about me.  She's only been single for a month and a half, got out of a multi-year...
I'm 27, and I still haven't quite gotten there. Or at least it would take somebody REALLY amazing to get me there, but that's been a pretty rare occurrence (maybe twice?).  As far as growing up...
A few of you have got the right idea. It's not the asshole per se, but the combination of traits that they tend to have. A combination of being confident, assertive, dominant, etc, with an air of...
I'll be honest, I didn't read all the responses (sorry, latter-half posters). So what I'm about to say may have already been reflected on earlier, but...   The problem is, we live in a world...
The Enneagram type probably has alot to do with how various ENTP's and ESTP's will be around each other, I'd assume. Me and my buddy are both type 7's, so it blends together quite smoothly. When we...
Yes. One of my best friends is an ESTP. Seems like whenever we hang out, his extremely dominant Se seems to focus my Ne on crazy ideas and off-the-wall humor... it's a little more in the moment,...
Look closely. The three types you listed? All have fairly significant core differences. They're not only different types, but each one is a different temperament. ESFJ - SJ ENFJ - NF ESFP - SP...
Alright, so...  I'm not one to ask for advice when it comes to women. I've always been really good at getting the girl, it's never really been an issue for me. Good at reading people, good at...
I want to answer this correctly, and I'm having a hard time coming up with the right situation...  I would say when I'm around certain arrogant/stubborn SJ types, but that just results in typical...
Oh, and NT's as parents?  Tend to guide their children towards self-sufficient living, even at an early age. We won't tell you how it's done, we'll teach you how to do creative problem solving to...
To the OP: I couldn't agree more, it was the same with me. My mom's an ESTJ, strangely enough, and raised me solo (my dad's an ESTP, and was a bit more excited about the idea of being a dad, than...
I don't personally know any other ENTPs either. Altho truth is, I'm not sure I'd know another if I met one, at least not right off the bat...  Case in point: If you ever met me at some social...
One of my best buddies is an ESTP, and we get along great. In social/party mode, we're almost a mirror image of each other, you can barely even tell the difference (primarily cause my Ne gets...
Technology IS moving too fast...  ...for my paycheck to keep up with.
6' and 160lbs, give or take 5lbs  That said, most people don't believe me, cause I look about 20lbs lighter lol. Must be the beer-ponch I keep sucking in so I can still look good in v-neck...
Haha that's awesome. I keep thinking this thread is going to die, but somebody ends up coming across it, and bringing it back lol.  I'm not sure what the requirements for it are, but I'm almost...
I feel like the odd man out when I say this, but honestly, most of my friends are SP's (primarily of the extraverted flavor). They keep me active and involved with the social scene, and I can always...
If you're talking about the mildly ambiguous grey area of flirting, that normally consists of teasing, playful hitting (or full on play-fighting), and casual touches that last just a littleeeee...
While it's not normally a problem, I'll admit that, if I'm not getting that this guy's fucking awesome, I love when he's around vibe from people, it can mildly affect my mood. Admiration is a...
Investment Theory.  Short of the long: the initial investment (their time/energy) that you're asking them to make is WAY too big. You have to garnish their interest in baby steps, especially when...
I fell in love once, with my last girlfriend. That relationship ended almost 2 years ago, and I haven't been quite the same since. Still generally the same, but when it comes to dating, I'm far more...
Most responses summed up the greatest ENTP fear: lack of freedom of choice. Me personally? Tack on: 1) Rejection, in a social format. 2) Heights (more specifically, on what I perceive to be an...
Generally I put full faith in people when I first meet them, unless I'm getting a sketchy vibe from them. As I get to know people, I (subconsciously) quickly form a baseline for them; the way they...'"


4346: 'Just the clumsiest person alive.  Nothing is safe around me.  Even my own body (shoulders smashed into corners, toes stubbed).  I recently had 5 stitches removed from my pinky finger because the...
Try thinking about how much better you feel when people apologise to you.  From an anthropological point of view.
I just accidentally bought a bass guitar (these things happen lol!) so now I'm madly noodling away on that.  Really glad I did, I think I've finally found an instrument I can really enjoy playing. ...
I'm 34 and almost all grey.  The only one in the family too.  I think it started around 5-7 years ago.
I keep seeing footage of Live 8, with Bob Geldof screaming and they say this doesn't work or something like that.  Well, do you think it works?  Can you save lives with concerts?  And go for...
I've been flying since I was a kid, so what I do on planes has differed over the years.  When I first started flying you could do whatever you wanted (back in the smoking on the plane days) so we...
Oh that is just spot on!!  It's how I know my male INFP friend isn't interested in me.  He doesn't think I need rescuing so I'm not on his radar.  Instead he chases girls he can't have who he...
Hahahahahaha I might have to do the same.  Not so much as to prove my accuracy to myself, but more to shut people up when they don't listen to me.   I might have to get that on a t-shirt.  Just walk...
I never know whether to burst their balloon, or just let them go through the motions.   Sometimes I stay quiet just for research and statistical purposes :tongue:
Cold and heartless is one I don't like; I know I care about others a lot more than some.  I like my personal space, but I will always down tools to help a friend.  I can be cold when I feel it's...
I was just wondering how many of us were here, and viola!  I'm stuck in Perth :wink:
Always.  I always figure it's due to an over analytical mind that will play out every possible outcome, whilst weighing up the probability of it occurring.  Add to that my cynicism and just general...
Currently very relieved.  I thought there was bacteria in my brain that had set up some form of disco.......
Symmetry is mildly important, balance is more important to me.
I used to do the whole casual sex thing, it was fun when I was younger.  Now I'm older I'd prefer a relationship.  But who knows I guess, I've been single for a while now, so you never know.  As...
I used to play clarinet and am currently teaching myself ukelele.  I want to play lots of instruments just for fun. It's not a competitive thing, it's more for the love of music.  I'm also an audio...
Only the best.    Or so I'm told...  It's not about the finer things or anything like that.  I like to think I'm eclectic.
It really is, isn't it?  I liken it to when Neo can see all the binary in The Matrix...  It hasn't taught me kung fu though.  This is a serious oversight on Berne's behalf lol :laughing:
Hehehe, you can't go anywhere without a towel!!  I have mine with me at all times ;)
Tassels AND coffee!!  Consider me free :laughing:
You wait till you start reading up on game theory and behaviour.  Add to that body language and it's like the freaking matrix.  Now I hardly want to talk to people, I just want to listen and watch......
Cheers guys :)  I have to get over being so darn shy, although hiding behind my mac does make it a bit easier ;)    Oh to film!!!  I only dabble in photography (if you can call what I do that)...
I do like the Thomas Crown suggestion.  That does sound like fun!   :ninja:  If only I could draw!! Maybe I should learn to do that.... I've been doing lots around the house; restarting compost...
I find that being an ENTP can place me in a bit of a bind.  I'm an extrovert, but people generally don't like me, or have any time for me. I know there's not anything intrinsically wrong with me. I'm...
It's only been a few weeks since I started reading up on all of this, but now I'm hooked. Mainly because I feel almost normal.  Or at least, now I can rationalise my social shortcomings.
I know I prefer the questions I have to think about; my answers are always better too.  The stock standard questions make you feel like a performing monkey.
You sound like me.  I already like you.
I was only pondering this yesterday.  Observing my cats got me to thinking.  The only thing that I think could water down any indications is group behaviour, as it differs from species to species. ...
I'm trying to achieve one overall goal (move to the country, be self sufficient) but I know that to do that requires me to know a lot about a lot of things, so it's sort of fulfilling both...
I'm currently looking for work, and I can understand where you're coming from.  I often find they expect you to 'prove' yourself too through this interrogation.  I like it when they play 'good...
I've found Rescue Remedy Sleep Formula is funtastic.  Getting drunk used to work but it doesn't anymore.  I have to get VERY under the influence to even come close to it making me fall asleep. ...
Thanks for the info!  I've been mooching around checking things out, it's a great forum!  Everyone is so great here too, really nice to be around like minded peeps :)
Does what's playing in my head count?  Otherwise, it's probably The Cure (Same Deep Water As You)....sorry.  Just feeling nostalgic :)
My best buddy is an INFP and I adore him for it.  We share a why did I end up in this situation conundrum (a female ENTP vs a male INFP). He too has a fascination with religion, and sometimes I...
To show people that I can achieve what I set out to do, in MY own way, not theirs.  Also, if I'm out of bed, I can bust a move to funky music a lot more effectively :wink:  It helps that my cat...
I was just pondering this upon waking this morning....  I was bought up when Australia was still a progressive country (as I do not see it that way now; never have I witnessed such backwards growth...
I'd say she likes you....definitely.    Go for it Tiger!!  And good luck :)
....or when your friend is describing how ENTP's do that whilst you're inadvertently doing it...      When you're writing someone else's comparative essay on Mozart vs Bach, whilst listening to...
The only one of the three that comes even close to applying in my case is the sadism, and it tends to be verbal more so than physical.  I wouldn't, however, say I'm a sadist.  I try to make an effort...
I certainly went through a 'tom-boy' stage in my early teens, and even now see little or no point in make up (plus, every time my mum says to me you look so pretty with make up on I get to retort...
The one person at the moment that I'm actively distancing myself from would probably be an ISFP/J.  He's very narcissistic and always takes the child ego position, which I find very irritating.  I...
But I TOLD them this is what would happen!  Why couldn't you just listen once?  That's just illogical!  But it's common sense, it really is.  I can see what you mean, but when you...
Thanks!!  Oh don't make me pick!! So many uses, so little time to pick one.... depends what you want to do I guess.    Favourite mic I can answer quickly...
Hey Hey :proud:  I've been reading some of the threads on this forum, and decided that it would be just splendiferous to hang here and feel normal!  I'm an ENTP......right, now you've run...'"


4348: 'My answer as well.  Very difficult to see the payoff.  Although the type 4 seems most palatable of the three.
The second job I found during my high school years was cold-call telemarketing. Credit Cards, Political Endorsements, etc.  9 months in a half-cubicle.  Constant background murmur from the other...
Historical Fiction -Ken Follett -Bernard Cornwell  Humorous Fiction -Elmore Leonard -Robert B. Parker -Jasper Fford -James Lee Burke
I keep all my earnin's buried in a coffee can out back.
http://chantelleova.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/respect1.jpg?w=640&h=421  I'm equal parts impressed and amused.
Try and imagine going through life without Fi, I'd enjoy hearing your estimation of such an experience.  I have a difficult time treating humans as though they don't have strong Ne. It's such a...
That sounds like something W.O.P.R. would say... ...
Fun Answer: Reverse gravity on the planet, throwing everything up into the air for about 7 seconds. Should achieve terminal velocity on the way back down. Quick, flashy, chaotic. :D  Two possible...
Survivalist shows - Man vs. Wild (Bear really goes the whole nine yards to teach the viewers) - Dual Survival (Focuses on makeshift techniques/tools) - Man Woman Wild (Excellent discussions...
They are great for catching the occasional house fly... ...
You've certainly taught me a new one, so double 'Thanks'!
Why is Tombstone not on this list?!?!
Sometimes, I see little artistic endeavors and think, that would take a lot of time, but I could do it eventually.  I'll admit it, this one is beyond me. Whoever did this is a real gift to the...
Do any of you ENFP's see Megamind as a candidate? ...
Chaotic learning is my favorite kind of learning. I love those rare moments in a movie when a bilingual character uses a foreign word, then explains it's meaning. Unfortunately, this rarely happens,...
Personally, I prefer a thesaurus. So much more fun!
Around ponds and lakes, and during rainy downpours. During thunderstorms, I'll often just stare out the window for long periods of time. ...
How quickly did you develop this skill to determine which threads you would most likely complete your posts in?
Confirmed. Most of my phrases are on-the-fly, Frakenstein-ish constructions. When I use commonplace wording, I don't really feel I'm conveying as much meaning as I do when using unique terminology. ...
If she identifies herself as an ISTJ, all I really expect from her is a random mixture of Si and Te. My roommate is an ISTJ, and we've spent a lot of time going over how Si works, so it's slightly...
Wowie! A 6w7 So-dominant! No wonder I sat there enjoying your posts so damn much!!!!  Edit I posted a bit early...everything further on in the thread indicates you are 6w5...but I'm alright with...
Humans often waste a lot of effort trying to hide failure, or avoid it. Failing can be so fun...they are robbing themselves of a great experience!
The Y chromosome is often designed to safeguard the females of a species, and I direct my testosterone in that direction. Females aren't, in my view, weaker, but they are more important. I view my...
If you don't mind me asking, are you indicating that 1) you do not care about humanity's future impact on you, or that 2) humanity's future has no impact on you.   I'm trying to imagine an entity...
First, an example of what humanity has done that was enabled by cooperation as opposed to profit:  Small pox, removed from the human population in 1978.  There's many other viruses and diseases...
The quality of an opinion on INFP's is more important than the quantity. If a thousand people comment that INFP's like to torture puppies and kittens, and one person says that INFP's create an...
In my junior or senior year of high school, the AP English class I took got me out of that habit. The teacher had us practice writing a thesis, and this habit of starting sentences with I was a ...
This is an excellent point. I haven't bought groceries for anyone other than myself, so the state of the bread is not a big deal. However, if I was buying bread that others would be using, I'd...
The Crow: City of Angels  This movie marked the first time in my life where a cherished character concept was thoughtlessly, heartlessly mutilated. I'm sure it's not the first time some movie...
Some of the movies that really synch up with me probably won't be so enjoyable for others.  - Fallen - Pleasantville - Brick - Watchmen
Preface - I apologize if bringing cognitive function references to the  Enneagram sub-forum is bad form, and hope this doesn't come off sounding  like a slight against strong Fe/Fi users. ...
http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRPQj4Erhq_JmvUMj5dOAPfbpU9I4C5XqChRTANeAEp899rPJKungaNM-MBZQ
Anger is one of the easiest tools for bleeding off the stress. I'm very careful of when and where I unleash it though;I make it a point to find a nice quiet place to hurl/beat/stab inanimate objects....
[/QUOTE]  Well, that was helpful, I've always been surprised at how easily people will place their trust in others. If 6/8/4 reactivity inherently contribute towards distrust, it becomes easier for...
I have been suffering from a severe sunburn for three or four days now, after doing some outdoor work without any protection. My back was on fire and throbbing randomly for two whole days. I'm rather...
I had an ENTJ roommate for quite some time, and he was great for conversations, anytime at all. Most humans are reluctant to tell you their in-depth thoughts on things, and either keep quiet or spout...
*Crosses trip to the grocery store off the list*  Thanks for the traffic warning!  Welcome to PerC, it is quite enjoyable here, and I hope you gain as much insight as I have found from all these...
Now I'm confused. Did I say something wrong?
My roommate is an ISTJ, and while he is frustrating, I am aware that there's a huge difference in capabilities between people of the same type. My best evidence of this is the amazing @Owfin  - At...
If your end goal is to determine which you identify more with, ENFP vs. ENTP, off the top of my head, I'd say that your inability to separate inner thoughts from your feeling judgements, you are more...
In the real world, venoms and toxins. If an opponent had a poisoned weapon, or if I was close friends with/dating a female chemist, I'd be intimidated.
I'll admit it, it doesn't measure up to you *NFP's...your Ne+Fi produces constructs a thousand times more moving and awesome than Ne+Ti. I'm too Fe deficient to decipher, but I can still enjoy...
Oh, Ne, how I love you, let me count the ways!
If we just look at Steve Rogers, I think it's really obvious he's an introvert. But the movie writers/directors are focused on the Captain America role. Those of us who have read many comics probably...
Have you considered working a little lime green into the layout? Just a suggestion.
If I had a nickel for everytime someone told me You're weird!...  My response nowadays is to respond with a lecture on the origin of the word 'weird', explaining how it originally meant 'fate'....
Your avatar does indeed seem the furthest from the others. Did you intentionally select an avatar in black-and-white, or was that image the one you preferred, and it just happened to lack additional...
People do have different brain chemistry, and sometimes a powerful chemical to one person is 'blah' to another.  I had someone offer me crystal meth once, and I tried it, and I always remember...
I really learned a lot from this bit, very well explained!  Also, I spy some lime green in your time piece. I <3 it!
<<It has taken an enormous amount of effort, starting from a young age, to avoid violence. I was certain I would be in prison at some point, because I doubted I'd have the self control to deal with...'"


4386: 'So, moral of the story, for complex and interesting tasks, own your type and spend the early stages jot down more so that when it is getting dull you only have to push through a tiny bit... and if it...
For something I am not interested in/or something that is more logistic... - well I try and make it as easy as possible for me to do - otherwise the slightest difficulty will have me giving up and...
Honestly, my pattern is this - things that I need to get done that have a theoretical bend, or that interest me in some way - I usually find that I spend a lot of enjoyable time finding out about it,...
Online - and not at a dating site.
I am pretty good at typing, actually.  I can usually tell within a day or so of meeting people (sometimes within minutes).  I usually pick out a general sense of the letters, then cross confirm with...
This was a great video - sorry for the revived thread!  Regarding NFs as equals or not - I find a difference in my IDEA of NFs and my actual dealings with NFs.  I find NFs generally to be rather...
For an ENTP, well, we are in a lot of places.  We are most easily recognized by the fact that we don't back down in an argument even with (or ESPECIALLY with) the object of our flirting... so that...
Well, I would love to say that you should just be able to be however you wish to be... but, you are in a relationship.  Every type CAN work with EVERY type - and, well, relationship do require work...
Not having read this whole thread, but giving it a go - and mostly basing things on the TV show - I have read 3 of the books, and snatches of the rest. Tywin Lannister:  ENTJ x96 he is about getting...
hah!
And, I am not even particularly disagreeing that there is a distasteful level here that smacks of only taking easy courses at university so that you will get an A... but avoiding the tough stuff that...
Actually my INTJ husband has a different but similar view of being wrong.  He really, really doesn't like to be and doesn't understand my willingness to argue the weaker side...  but, his take is...
Yes, it was hard finding that man to get ritualistic with...
That would be a three year old with the skills of a 10.5 year old (an IQ of 200 would be having skills exactly twice your age).  However, under 8 years old, this type of IQ is not really associated...
Funny, THIS must be why my mother always called me a wise guy... Doesn't explain the smart ass, though.  ;)
Logic is a process - not the answer... It is possible to use the same logical rules and arrive at different answers
to smoke yourself, or by others' smoking, or both?
INTP.  Because when they remember to eat, they won't want to have to cook it.
Actually the opposite is true.  Libertarians are typically smarter than Leftwingers.  Read Better Angels of Our Nature by Stephen Pinker.  It should be elucidating.  The smartest group tends to be...
But I do think that intuitives are also going to be more comfortable with grey areas of justice and morality - because of that ability to see multiple perspectives.
No.  I wouldn't say morality in general a sensor/intuitive thing.  Unless sense of justice isn't moral?  I find ISTJ children very much have a strong sense of justice and fairness (the one kid I...
As an atheist, I hate to see fellows jump ship... we still need to reach critical mass.  However, I wouldn't wish to curtail your exploration - it is really important to explore the avenues that...
I identify so much.  My 7 year old ENTP is always pulling stuff as well.  In music class he got in trouble for not paying attention and distracting the other kids - so he was sent to the principal's...
However, this stat may have more to do with the ENTPs having a hard time maintaining ANY sort of habit.  For ENTP smokers - an additional question - how often have you forgotten to buy smokes?  Or...
I actually completely get what you are saying about the introvert/extravert... but I do have to wonder about you finding questions that ask about logic misleading.  Because, I really find logic is...
I tried smoking as a teenager.  I really, really gave it a shot.  It made my fingers stink. And chewed through my money (cigarettes are $10.00 a pack here). So, after two months of trying very hard...
I know that I have asked about how celebritytypes.com arrived at this conclusion - however, I could believe it.  I think that ENTPs are actually very difficult to type... because they are a weird E...
sorry - this site doesn't seem to like me using paragraph breaks.
Okay, going with my initial thought on this one - I had a pretty strong vibe at first then kept second guessing.  Overall, though, I think you mesh with my first thought - and that the supporting...
Maybe go into the two forums and see if you identify.  The functions can be confusing at first.  Honestly the difference in order of functions is a tough one to tease out... Read the you know you...
Definitely not.  Entps are the more likely of the two to debate.  An intp might actually be pretty uncomfortable with the potential reactive emotional outburst.
You don't actually have to answer-but entps are known to be showy but private - so pee with the door open (in a public bathroom) but no one knowing that they got divorced....
Most don't use the fe. No it isn't necessary - fe is a value judgement and entps aren't renowned for values... Or boundarys... Do you pee with the door opened or closed?
Theories only change the world when they make it out of your mind into implementation.  Otherwise it is just bullshit that you thought of to keep yourself occupied....  BS much?
I did. It is great, except when something small needs to be done, that COULD take 5 minutes, but instead takes 3 hours (or weeks) of debate first (like changing a diaper, or planting the tree in the...
And how would we cheat - by hiding an NF under our desks?
Yes. But typically friends are people who don't bore... People in general - headache time.
@jdstankosky - the real difference between INTP and ENTP is that the order for ENTP is Ne Ti Fe Si, and the function order for INTP is Ti Ne Si Fe... @Basileus That means that INTP and ENTP actually...
Basileus I was actually specifically asking whether you generated a whole lot of ideas after this interaction.  I actually like A LOT of downtime.  But I find after a stimulating time with people I...
So true, but sometimes it is a tractor... you'd know that if you got your nose out of your computer...
Here is a question for you... If you are out with all of your friends at once and are the centre of attention all night, do you go home buzzing and excited and stay up all nigh getting idea after...
But the evidence is out there that NTs actually score the highest out of all the subgroups on IQ tests.  NTs have higher IQs - but this doesn't necessarily mean they are inherently more intelligent...
Actually, the more INTP a person is, or is able to fake (even without BEING an INTP) - the higher on an IQ test one is likely to score.  IQ measures intelligence, and that measure is actually...
okay, I am convinced on Cersei...
You have some points - but I do have to argue that knowing or not knowing terms isn't the same as playing 4 or 5 plays ahead in a cat and mouse game...
And, regarding Dany... I don't see how she could be Fi.  Fe is the Charismatic Leader hallmark. She is definitely that.  If she is a P she would need to be a T in order to have Fe.  Unless...
I would actually strongly argue that Cersei is an N-type.  A hallmark of N-typing is thinking past one or two plays in a strategy game (Future thinking).  She very much outmaneuvers Ned Stark,...
Maybe online this is what you find - but I am in the situation of seeing a lot of kids misdiagnosed by experts (I actually headed up a coalition for early childhood development for a while).  When we...
My husband is INTJ.  He always describes himself as feeling empathy, but not sympathy aka, he will not get mad with you (sympathy), but he might feel for your situation, and emotionally understand...
Like you'd know art if you saw it! - damn you - ENFP - tooo quick for your own damn good.'"


4408: I second that. I vent for solution, not for consolation. :D
I think it's the opposite for me, cause I like to talk with the person I'm interested in until and unless, I fully know him.
ENTP-The masters of awesomeness.
Awesome Awesome  Awesome
None of the guys I've met till now, are impressive, though I've dated one and he was not so cool. I talk to some when I'm bored, while some are really boring. And typical immature SF logic doesn't...
Now this is also like a holiday for me, though the time span differs... ...  ..   .   http://img197.imageshack.us/img197/4746/memeej.jpg
I was close with any ESTP, but yes, I was close to maaany ESFPs, and none of them lasted for long.  My ex ESFP close friend left her boyfriend because she found someone more handsome and wealthy than...
Ya, things have changed now though.
We're the ninjas, you can't really find us always, but we can. ;)
Exams will end very soon.
My dad belongs to the ESFJ group and mom is an ISFP, and they get along well, probably because both are feelers.
I believe life is like a roller coaster. It has got ups and downs, and yet it is awesome, and scary for the ones, who can't take the thrill.
Nah, batmen is for the other INTJs here.
This thread is like joker vs batmen. lol
I've faced this too, it happens when I give too much preference to someone who actually doesn't deserve it.  At first, I don't care, but when I do, the person gradually ignores me, it's sad but I've...
Not that I can always live without talking also not that I can't always live without talking. So yeah, I'm an ambivert.
Semi-bubbly? Now that's sounds more sweet. ;)
I think I use a lot of Si. I won't remember where I kept my phone, but I'll definitely remember an incident which had taken place 10 years ago. Yeah, I might not remember it part by part, what...
Your score: 31  Last time, it was 28 or something (or maybe less). Good improvement. Fe, FTW.
I've never met NFs irl. I go well with SFJs, and not SFPs.
Father: ESFJ Mother: ISFP
Him-->  http://media.movietalkies.com/picturegallery/bollywood/movies/2012/studentoftheyear/soty-2012-26b.jpg
Exams are near, and yet I'm unprepared. lol
Very true. It's boring and irritating.I generally block those kind of posts, I'm on facebook just for interaction and most people whom I know use facebook (only) so that's the only and the best way...
Even criticism flatter us ;D
You know she is an ENTP when she takes your criticism as a compliment ;)
Well, people love seeing our reaction when they criticize us.  They love it. So they come again and again and post there for more pleasure. They love us, like they hate us ;)
Hmm, I being an intuitive also get along with my ESFJ friend, even after that huge gap of Ne-Ti-Fe-Si and Fe-Si-Ne-Ti. Many of her traits also doesn't at all match with the ESFJ description. But...
Yep, I said that because you all said that you're no less than a N, at first my point was when you people know your strengths then why pay attention to what others have to say? The more complex you...
Nope. I never said that being misunderstood makes one an intuitive. That's not what I actually meant, I was talking about the problems which many intuitive face irl because of behaving in ways which...
Well, you can't really blame the intuitives for calling you all that in a negative way here, cause they always get ignored and neglected by sensors in real life, and irl, sensors don't actually care...
This can be a Se trait too, I've seen ESFPs correcting and laughing at others when they mispronounce a word or something.
Nope. We'll are not fishes. Some of us are birds, and tigers, who have their strength in the sky and in the land. ;)
These kind of threads actually look like the 'ranting threads' lol    'Sensors are detail-oriented, sensors are traditional, sensors are down to earth'.. etc A question to the sensors, why do...
1st: Back. It's the sexiest and the most mysterious colour, kinda intrigues me. 2nd: Red. I like its hotness ;)
And again, it's both. Though I lean more towards the first one, there I've Ne sub-type.
As for me, and for the most of the time, they say that when they can no more debate with me or when they know that they can't, which shows they're not worth my time.     True, it's annoying but I...
All the P's.    All the P's.    All the J's.
Sag with aqua ascendant and cappy moon ;)
Music :)
Tony Stark The Joker Captain Jack Sparrow
Well, I was kinda shy, and timid when I was a preteen, things changed when I became a teen. Not that I show off confidence, but I can pretty well manage when it's required. ;)
Entp <3
It takes time for me to actually build a friendship with someone. There are many people who consider me as their friend, but they're just a mere acquaintance for me. I only have this one ESFJ whom I...
Yeah, I feel the same. My sister is also an ENTP, so I've her, but she doesn't live with me now. So, it feels good to post here.
I do get along with Ns, but unfortunately, I only have one till now.
Yes, even though I love sleeping, I enjoy staying awake at night. It gives me some sort of superhuman energy..
This is awesome, love the way he dances. XD
Nope, I'm a teen and most of the guys here are actually boring, but I do flirt with the ones I find interesting at first. Being in a relationship is the newest trend here. I've been in relationships...
Ditto."


4418: 'RuPaul: INFJ Michele Visage: ESFJ  Violet: ISTP  Ginger: ESTJ  Pearl: ISFP  Kennedy: ISTJ Katya: INFP  Bianca: ESTJ
yup. Pretty sure Price is ISTJ.
Lane INFP? how'd you decide that?
What Type do you guys think Sex Columnist and It Gets Better creator Dan Savage is?   Personally I think he's likely an ESTP, and possibly 8w7 Sx/So
Annie: INFP Lillian: ENxP Helen: ESTJ Megan: ESTP Rhodes: IxFP Ted: ESTP Rita: ESTJ Becca: ISFJ
I'm going to revise a few:  I think Stacy is an ENFP. I think Jodi is INFJ.   And Jane...a lot of people have typed her as ISFP but I have trouble with seeing her as Fi-dom. Anyone have any strong...
Seem like an xNTJ to me.
Does anyone watch this show? This is my best guess for everyone's type. Thoughts?  Zeek Braverman: ESTJ Camille Braverman: INFP (Maybe ISFP?)  Adam Braverman: ENFJ Christina Braverman: ESFJ...
I think Selina is ESTP with a well-developed tertiary Fe.
Jen, the campaign manager for Bobby Newport in Season 4, is an ENTP. I think she's hilarious. Bobby Newport is an ESFP.
I'm starting to believe that ENTPs are the most likely to question their typing lol (myself included). Perhaps it's because we as a type can't let sleeping dogs lie and have to pull at a thread until...
You're making it sound like j's never change their mind. Of course they do. But J's set goals and work steadily towards achieving them; whereas P's change their goals as new information presents...
I disagree. Everything is connected. When typing, you look holistically at a person to see overarching trends. Personality is connected and related to the words you use, the ideas you have and the...
Elle is ESFJ. That is not the walk of a perceiver.
Your argument is very compelling, honestly.   My only counterpoint is that T vs F are decision making functions, meaning they are most predictive of the criteria/basis for the decisions that...
Can you tell me what makes you think ENFJ?   I personally believe Emily and Victoria are the same type, and part of the appeal of the show is that the writers keep greying the concept of who's the...
And I would choose ISTJ for that post LOL!  It's just meant to be for fun...don't take it too seriously :)
Ever come across a facebook post that screams a certain function or typing? I thought it might be fun to share some here.   I'll start it off with some from my newsfeed today:   Seriously...
Anyone watching the ABC show Revenge? If so, what do you think about the character's types?  Here are my best guesses: Emily Thorne: INTJ Nolan Ross: ENTP Victoria Grayson: INTJ (possibly ISTJ?)...
I think Ben seems more like an Intuitive as the show goes on. Especially in his first appearance, he seemed VERY ISTJ, which is why he clashed so much with Leslie. Opposite priorities (Te Si vs. Fe...
Telling me she does it all the time is neither clear nor helpful. Can you cite an actual situation where you believe she did that?
can someone explain to me why Rachel keeps getting typed as an N? Can you give me an example of her intuition?
Leslie: ENFJ Ron: INTJ Anne: ISFJ...see her more as an introvert. More reserved in her communication style. Chris: ESFJ...do NOT think he's N at all.  Tom: ESTP Andy: ESFP April: INTP Ben:...
Mr. Belding - ESFJ Zack - ExTP Kelly - ISFP Lisa - ESFP Jessie - ESTJ Slater - ESTP Screech - INFP
What do you guys think about the characters on Pretty Little Liars?  My best guess is:  Spencer: ESTJ Hannah: ESTP Emily: ISFP Aria: ENFP  thoughts?
Yes, but it's a fictionalized version of the MBTI, because aggressive is one of the categories mentioned, which obviously is not really a part of the typing system. However, Jack does say they are...
I am very close to several INTPs and INFPs. They are perhaps my two favorite types to be around. Here's my take on them:  INFPs IMO are actually one of, if not the most rational of all the F types....
ENTP and especially ENFP are can be extremely fun-loving types as well. ENFPs in particular are notorious for desiring change. But here's my impression of SPs in general, and why I feel like it may...
you are certainly an N.
I also agree with this. I suspect she may actually be NF. I think she could be ENFP in reality.
Wanted to throw one more possible paridigm out there:  N's are aware of the parameters governing a situation; they attend to the structure of a social interaction, an organization, a personality....
Can't see Liz as a P - she is often criticized for being too routinized and she hates adapting to new situations. As for the NT/NF debate...I just can't see her as an NF. She hardly excels at...
What do you guys think about the show 30 Rock and its characters?  Here are my thoughts:  Liz - INTJ Jack - ENTJ Tracy - ENFP Jenna - ESFP Kenneth - ENFJ
I would say George is INTJ and Charlie is ENFP. Is Kenny the student? If so I'd say ISFP.
Well you're a really strong P that's for sure. You don't talk much about E/I tendencies. Do you feel energized or taxed by parties/big groups? Would you rather read about something or discuss it? Do...
ENFPs are by far the easiest to manipulate. They crave acceptance and wear their insecurities on their sleeves. Sorry ENFPs :)
OCD is a very broad diagnosis and can apply to almost any one who displays interruptive obsessions OR compulsions. In my experience, I've found N's to be more OBSESSIVE than S's and J's to be more...
Also, isn't analysis associated with Ti?
Agree with Fi-Dom label. From the ISFPs and INFPs that I've known, both types are very accepting of other people and their needs. They are probably the least judgmental types and have huge capacity...
this is a very NF thought. From your post, you seem more F than T to me.
Just curious if you think it's possible for P's to be uptight. Generally, P's are considered to be laid-back, go-with-the-flow, open-minded types. However, they are also generally disorganized,...
I think in general, N's exhaust S's. Commonly S's will tell N's stop overthinking it, you're reading too much into it or not everything has to mean something.  To N's, S's seem to...
Well she seems clearly E to me, and I don't detect much T in the primary or auxiliary position, so that leaves ESFJ, ESFP, ENFJ and ENFP. Of those, ESFP just felt like the best fit to me, although I...
What do you guys think about the winners of American Idol? Here're my best guesses:  Kelly Clarkson: Probably ESFP although part of me thinks she could be ENFP? Ruben Studdard: ISFP Fantasia:...
I see Olive as an ENTP and Rhi as ESTJ.
I'd probably go with:  Bianca - ESFP Kat - INTJ or ENTJ Cameron - INFP Joey - ESTJ Patrick - ESTP
Gothicanew, since you insisted in spewing your opinion all over this thread, I really feel compelled to tell you how truly ignorant you sound.  You saying no one should be diagnosed/medicated for...
Michael: ISTJ. Dependable, responsible, practical. Very duty-bound, but not particularly empathetic. He helps his family because it's the the right thing to do (SJ), not because he really wants to...
Sounds like an INTJ to me. Maybe ISTJ.
Ron is an NT. He focuses on making decisions in an extremely logical, unsentimental and pragmatic way. Unlike an SJ, he hates to do things just because that is how they have been done. SJ's tend to...'"


4428: 'Creative people. They don't have to think a lot, but when they do think, I want it to be well outside the box. Intelligence inside the box is as dull as it gets.
Big 5 has a lot of science behind it. Try google scholar.  Enneagram is to a large extent astrology. It makes a lot of ungrounded claims.  Myers Briggs doesn't need science really, it makes no...
INTPs I know don't like debating with me. Unlike most people, they do understand that I'm mostly just playing around with rhetoric tricks and semantics, but they don't like it.
Left and right is different in every country. Ask about ideologies instead.  I'll just say this for now: I'm no libertarian.
what did u find most difficult in school?  Homework. Also, generally being hated by adults.  what would u consider to be an ideal education based on ur personality type?  Haha, I have no...
THE MEGAPHONE This guy seems pretty intelligent and contributes with a vast amount of knowledge. Unfortunately he has got no grasp of volume at all. Will scream across the room with a content smile...
My style is usually eye catching for some reason I can't really explain. My inspiration is 70's rock bands, but I try to adapt that style into something modern. Heavy but psychadelic is a comment i...
I can easily say stuff like that. I think it's especially interesting that his words surprised you, because I think thats how I'm often percieved. In every day matters, I probably seem a bit cold and...
Nope, my mom was nice to me.
Picking fights. When I'm bored, I start fights with people I know for no reason. Same thing when I'm frustrated. I also have a tendency to lead on girls who are already taken just for the thrill....
Well, I can tell you this: When me and my friends are looking for a nice spot to study, I always suggest relatively noisy places such as hallways and cafeterias, while they much prefer unused...
I am good at making stuff up on the fly and convincing people stuff, but I don't really do anything where I can use those skills. I figure most ENTPs have similar (lack of) talents, so unlike the...
They sound like anyone. I guess the author used to write about astrology before.
INTP.  I don't see much ENTP about you. You seem to have some distinct hobbies that take up most of your life, but most ENTPs have a hard time explaining what they're really into.   Also, you're...
Is this some dating related question? I don't understand it.
Well, this looked like pseudo-science to me, so I googled a bit on the author, and found that this stuff is called orthomolecular psychiatry. This is what wikipedia has to say about that: ...
Does the thread starter understand what she's asking for? Romance is a big topic, might aswell ask us what life is...  One funny thing about romance is that I never find movies labled as romantic...
Proper spelling is lame anyway. Welcome.
Work (studies) and women gets my attention when I'm out of ideas. Or maybe it's the other way around: When I don't have enough work or women around, I start comming up with these crazy ideas.
Severe depression from 13 to 17, pretty normal from that point on. What's there to tell beyond that? :)
Yeah, I've been seen as that manic depressive guy, but I've never gotten a diagnosis.  I agree, Te is stoic, and NTJs are the only personalities I'd describe as genuinely pretty stoic. But I...
Totally agree. Everyone thinks they're N, yet S is supposed to be more common.    I'm similar. I have been described as both very unempathic and as extremely emotional. Most ENTPs claim to be...
How so? He does remind me more of the enfps than the esfps I know, but I'd still say he's closer to esfp than entp.
Well, ExxP seems pretty obvious but I see nothing N about him. Secondly, he has a woman who's much, much hotter than him. So that leaves us with ESFP.  I didn't watch much though.
Bullying would still exist. I'd say both ENTPs and ENTJs can make bullys. We might not be quite as masochistic as for example ESFPs and ESFJs can be, but on the other hand, when we don't care, we...
Are introverts arrogant? Hardly. I suppose this common misconception has to do with our being more intelligent, more reflective, more independent, more level-headed, more refined, and more sensitive...
You're completely missing the point. It's not about the abilities of the members, it's about this being an internet forum.  1) No one here has any accountability.  2) You don't KNOW if the people...
Quite frankly, a girl at 18 acting like that (intp or not) has bigger issues than an internet forum can handle.    MBTI is the duct tape of psychology. Everyone should know about it, but it's not...
I don't really like enneagram theory, and quite frankly, that has 90% to do with the usage of the ennagram shape. It's a fucking star. Way to make it look like astrology.  That said, I think I...
I don't think all Ns have some issue with spelling and grammar. Personally, I hate people who are anal about stuff like that.  I was thinking hmm, what are they trying to make me think about now...
Lets just make it very clear: Type is an indication of a persons behaviour. Yes, different types will have different ways of moving, and you can probably use that info for typing someone. But type...
Perhaps this should go into the venting forum, but I'm hoping fellow ENTPs can relate.  But anyway, I was lying in my bed thinking about what I'm unsatisfied about in my life, and I've realized...
I'm a pro-religious agnostic. Religion is bascially good, I'm just not convinced by any one of them.
So then I must be an INTP who loves being on stage, getting attention, brainstorming and is described as charismatic every now and then. Because I sure do feel drained after spending too much time...
Heh, no, this has little to do with NTs and NFs. I get this stuff all the time, and it's only from women, be they NT or NF (but rarely ST and SF women, now that I think of it), but never from men of...
Hmm. A lot of INTPs are unable to keep up with ENTPs in verbal debates, yet they still manage to impress the ENTPs. The trick is to focus on one argument at a time rather than the big picture. Don't...
Haha, tell us a bit more details how you failed to make friends with the ENTP. I don't see ENTPs as the type who would reject anyone who would want to hang with them, as long as they are not boring....
That was me, but I thought it was about admitting to being wrong on some fact rather than apologising for some wrongdoing :)  I know I'm not so good at apologising, but atleast I realize why it's...
Female: Katarina, Viktoria, Veronika, Vera, Julia...  I like long names because it feels like parents who give those felt their child was really special. Names that are soft and short feel like...
I play bass in a band, yes, but not so serious about it. There are two things I've always wanted, be able to sing and be able to write lyrics. Can't do either for some reason.
I would say most of them seem to, yes.
I think most NTs are so unsatisfied that they cannot even grasp what it means to be satisfied and for this reason confuses their own arrogance for self satisfaction. How else can it be possible that...
Yep, someone who succeeds by just being himself :)  Which comes off as really false since when you're making a video like those, you're obviously unsuccessful yet trying really hard.
Naw, but I don't limit myself as much on certain behaviours that are strange to most people but common among ENTPs. I guess you could say I'm conforming to the idea that certain people are inclined...
That's ok, a simple click on the thanks-button in my post will suffice ;)
Ask for help from his male friends, especially if he has someone relatively close who's good with women. They can tell him that what he's doing isn't helping him one bit in any way and I think he's...
Vlkommen ;)  My boss is also probably ESTP (he think's he's ESTJ, but thats just not possible) and his life seems to have been similar to yours. I guess quickly going down one path and then...
Well, first of all, I've never really understood the whole american dating game to be honest. I'm not sure if that's a culture thing or personality thing... maybe it's mostly culture.  But I...
An old and weird cartoon, watch it:  YouTube - Bimbo's Initiation  Now, consider this comment posted there:  Sex is the lure within society that makes him conform to the wayufeff things are and...
Damn you! That picture made me spend an hour watching old and weird cartoons :D'"


4435: ':)
Hello  thank u
...Remembering good times involving intj's in here
people I'm back :) and still not an INTJ, it's not that i want to be one :) i just want one wink wink :)
oh thanks :) u have fun too I just don't know what to do in here anymore
ooooh thank you :) i really appreciate that
and this is why i love them :)
people what's up ?  i miss this place everyone is just so nice, anyways i can't believe my intro got 2000 and something views, i can brag about this :kitteh: but I'm not going too :rolleyes: oh i...
ENTP's will get what they want no matter how :proud:
they are just cute :blushed:
what can go wrong when two ENTP's combined :rolleyes: hey:happy:
do you love animes ?:blushed:
i never thought i'll find someone !!! i believe in jeremy carver season 10 will be so amazing cause from season1 to 9 it was a lot whole progress
and I'm back !!! with nothing :happy:
i have no one to talk to about supernatural every person that i met has not watched the series so it's killin' me keeping it inside, so boys and girl lets talk OMG destiel !!!   *did you see the...
so i should make up a joke about anyone i can't thats hard
where is everyone, don't leave me alone, invite me to your thread :mellow:
did someone say doctors :blushed:
Hello people , gather gather around me cause I'm about to do nothin' ! :rolleyes::happy:
*hugs back*:kitteh:  and thank you :)
thank you INFJ :wink:
your an INTJ :tongue: thank you for worrying :blushed::sad:
ok now i wanna know why so against it ? have you been through something ?!
hello there :) INTJ's post smiles :blushed:
Sorry that i like INTJ's IDK why, but it's a feeling you have , how can it be stopped cause functions don't effect me i guess  :cool:
can't wait :blushed:
Hell i agree:cool: and the funny thing is that if INTJ's were rude,keep to themselves,sarcastic,mean or anything bad ,still i don't hate them they are un hatable <made it :) .       :tongue:
:happy: thank you
how sweet is this conversation :happy:
I'm Just writing this so my thread will be on top :cool:
no :kitteh:
were you doubting me,fellow ENTP :wink:
maybe,who knows ?! :happy:
yes :) I AM NOT :tongue:
will you die with me ?:dry:
I'm BORED ! :crying:
:laughing:  ENFP's wouldn't disrupt the peace
You're in jail. What was the crime?  Omnidexterity
why them? :tongue:
ok, of the 16 personalities except INTJ'S who would you stuck with in an island for 5 years ?
really?
If you were an ENFP and met an INTJ what would the conversation be about ?
no worries only ENFP's noticed
i liked it :)
IDK all of them i'll just mention what i know   ENTP - Wanted $1000000 ENFP - Sunshine  INTJ -   :rolleyes::happy:
sup ? :happy:
whats your thread about ? :proud:
:happy:
I am band 6 but i like things easier ._. and I'm from the same planet you are  :tongue: lucky me :)
if there was no outside :P *jk* , ok ask me something and please don't make me search for meanings , BAND 5 !'"


4461: 'So there's this Netflix show out that I think is really dope called American Vandal. I've had a go at guessing the MBTI types of the characters. I really like how well-developed the characters are...
Jake - ENFP Holt - ISTJ Santiago - ESTJ Terry - ESFJ Boyle - ISFJ Rosa - ISTP Gina - ENTP  Doug Judy - ENTP The Vulture - ESTP
What types do you think the characters in Preacher are? I'll try at some guesses:  Jesse Custer: INTJ (Definitely an IxxJ) Tulip O'Hare: ESFP Cassidy: ESTP  Herr Starr: INTJ (definitely)...
I'm sure that none of you are strangers to the dirty dealings of the country known as Africa North Korea wants to step to America, now, huh? Well, that'll be just fine... unless... we NUKE AFRICA...
The best member of Spam World is me, even though I only come on here for two week spurts and then leave for months at a time. I'm basically its unruly boyfriend.
I doubt this will get many replies, since they're not super well-known at the present minute, but I'm really getting into their stuff at the moment and I'm wondering what their MBTI types might be....
Chris - ESTP (started off as a negative ESTP stereotype and progressed to a positive ESTP stereotype) Olivia - ISFP (definitely doesn't use Ti, and is actually more of an introvert, uses Fi over Se)...
I guess you didn't hear the good news, hermano. Me and atamagasuita are getting hitched. You can come to the wedding, if you want, but *in a low voice* stay away from my wife, stalker.
Looks like someone needs a cucking.
711130
Hey guys, so my thread about the ESTJ type has gained a lot of support from members of the PersonalityCafe community. You can check it out here:...
Yes yes yes yes yes. Also, the shit.
Go to sleep, child
that better not be ironic. you're on thin ice.
I'm sick of all those fucking ESTJ morons and their bullshit. I'm starting a thread AGAINST THEM. Who's in? I'm ready to rant.  -Always bald -Shitting everywhere -Mean and love maths...
In Spam World, I basically never say anything serious or non-ironic so I created this thread for people to openly end the irony and be unironic. I feel like a lot of people can't break out of their...
This is a forum about weightlifting, killing and pussy. What did you think PerC was for??
Let it never be said that Marine Biologists deserve rights. Helping the planet, my ass. Those fucks just wanna swim around and kiss seals.
Hand picked just for me. You know I will, babygirl.
So many of you typology n00bs don't understand cognitive functions - so LEMME SPELL IT OUT FOR YA. There shouldn't really be any confusion about cognitive functions if you've read Jung's book I'm...
thanks though
Here I am with my wonderful fiance, trying to plan a fucking wedding, and I find out that the contrarian fact-checker Veil has decided to start dating my psychotic hypersexual Asian ex-girlfriend...
That's not good - my libido's been going up everyday since 2009. I'm now basically a sex demon. Looks like I'm gonna have to start downing pills to lower my libido.  The only substitute for sexual...
E N O U G H  W I T H  T H E  N U D E S  If romantic love isn't enough for you perverts, then go bone elsewhere. I'm no longer the drunken, sex-obsessed sleazebag I once was. I'm gonna be...
Holy fuck, wife, I LOVE Pick Me Apart. It's so sad and yet so pleasing at the same time. It's so pretty.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-bTfyQ380U
Have you ever had sex with a penguin? Harder than it looks, to be honest.
suck it, ISTJ.
Fine, but then it's time to dick down. I'm the greatest lover in the galaxy.
Hello, my fellow MBTI enthusiasts. This episode of the Daily Cognitive Function Discussion Text-Based Podcast is being hosted by myself, Lord Darth Moomin Kirby. And this episode is dedicated to...
What happened to Endologic? I'll tell you what happened: The Leftx99 did. Endo has been stolen away by the liberal left and now we're gonna have to combat the situation even more than before. Don't...
Hell, you know what? You're right. Kirby totally sucks and he looks like a testicle. Moomin is stupid too and Lord is eugh. I'm gonna marry the woman I love no matter what. Call me Darth Suita.
Call me crazy, but that offer remains too good to resist. Also, tentacles.
wow, I just - I know it's so soon, and I know we hardly know each other, but how does any of that matter in love? We have each other, the rest will figure itself out. I have never felt as in love as...
Yes, it's me, the genetically inferior beta male. Me and my wife have been practising liberalism for a good five years or so now, and we're proud to say that we support such venerable causes as...
p l e a s e  l  o  v  e  m    e
Exactly. Can we please stop pandering to those waggish liberal tentpoles, and start making a difference? I'm the first to admit that I'm fearful for the future of my race, and I think @Veil might...
Let's have sex.
The Joker from The Dark Knight (ENTP, obviously) Jim Moriarty from Sherlock (ENTP also, probably) Tyler Durden from Fight Club (ENTP too) Lou Bloom from Nightcrawler (ISTJ? Hard to say) Ray...
honk, honk, feelings suck. Fi and Fe are stupid.  Only Ti and Te for me from now on.
sex.
Hillary Clinton CANNOT be our President. These are the hard facts which cannot be argued:  -Hillary is not American. She is of Venezuelan heritage and cannot enter America -She is a Vampire, which...
Me and my Dad were talking and he said something about how I'm too obsessed with the internet and stuff. I didn't quite catch the end of what he was saying. Does anyone know what he said?
In my opinion, no way is Rich an ISTP. As the series goes on, it becomes clearer that he uses Fi rather than Ti. He only seems properly ISTP in the first couple of episodes and after that he's shown...
Tony - ENTJ Sid - INFP Michelle - ESFJ Cassie - INFP Chris- ESFP Jal - ISTJ Anwar - ESFP Maxxie - ISFP  Effy - INFJ
If this thread is back, I'll give my typings:  Michael Scott - ESFJ (he's not an ESFP. People just type him as such because he's ignorant and dumb) Jim Halpert - INTP (he definitely doesn't use...
But I'm an INTJ with the ways I see the future That mad dog still can't be neutered, load up the dick and I just might shoot ya I won't miss like a damn Storm Trooper, she's off with the head like...
How about I draw a dick on your forehead, gayboy?
Flowing with feminine fauna and estrogen, the sweetest and sexiest specimen Daddied up with adrenaline, with a tentacle up in your gentleman She's so tentative, she's so genuine, she's a psycho hoe...
Begrudgingly. Out of interest, which 2 do you not fit?
Yellow senders of Ham Girl. Over the past 16 minutes, I've came and saw you as Mike Pence - nay - Frosty The Snowmen. Is Frosty Trying To Squeeze Me?? Buzz buzz  ...'"


4489: 'As the MOST introverted Extroverts I am beginning to have this problem strongly lately... UGH MUST. BREAK. FREE!!!  Does NOT feel good at all to have lack of friendship!
Whenever I am sad I always  find things to do very quickly, so I don't get depressed for long at all.  You guys have similar experience?
Nah!   Really, ENTP wouldn't fell asleep, if he or she has cellphone to be on... instead.   That's what I do. Surfing... look up news, learn knowledge, read FB, Twitter, post or reply. Never...
Ok Desire Machine, unless I misunderstood you, you are very unlike me then.   TV shows and sports are exactly what I love to talk about!  What to eat, how is work, get what kind of tattoo to get,...
Yeah when it's a situation that I  CAN leave, I will when people there have NO common interests with me!  I like to talk to people about things that I find interesting, but not chitchat about the...
To rephrase again, talking about maybe at work, that you can't leave. You are stuck with those people!
Haha you got jokes heh?
Any of you ENTPs are not really that talkative?        This question may be misunderstood so I will phrase it differently.
Introverted and Extroverted is the HARDEST to figure out, honestly. For myself anyway, since I don't talk that much 'chitchat' stuff and don't go to a Party or drink EVERY single day I might seem...
Look all I am saying is, most Sensors I met, while they DO have a lot of life experience, but their knowledge is mostly learned by living the life, not caring about what we care about such as geek...
Harry Potter Sorting Hat Quiz: Which House Are You In? | Time.com
The more you learn about other humans, the more you see the ugly side of them... selfish, inconsiderate, always in your way, won't give an inch, etc.   Then (Sorry for political ranting again but...
I would argue that Sensors strive mainly for knowledge. I know PLENTY xSxx types they really don't care that much for knowledge.   Maybe some of them have a lot of knowledge, but it's not necessary...
What? I haven't even gone to sleep yet...  ENTPs don't sleep early, wake up early like that! :P
I agree with this!
People just misunderstand/DON'T know how to take a MBTI test, that's all it is. SO many people are typed wrong (I am SURE), or getting different results everytime they take it, because of this. You...
Me -   Ravenclaw  85%  Hufflepuff  14.3%  Gryffindor  0.4%
House Ravenclaw for ALL of us ENTPs right?
Tonight's episode is SOOOOOOO N!
>if it's all just bs<   Look, nobody or most people aren't perfect. So, within any MBTI typing you gonna have different people from each other. For example, some ENTPs maybe more E than I than...
Real intelligent people don't brag about their IQ like this!
Too Introverted and not as outgoing for my taste!
I don't understand your question fully, but what I can gather at least -  Being curious about a LOT of things, have a lot of ideas, Theories,  imaginative, see patterns as interesting where others...
OMG I <3 Arcos!!!  I have often wondered Where Arcos are at in our life/world?
Mainly, I enjoy traditions of stores selling stuff cheap; or places that give you stuff for FREE. Or give you some stuff for free if you buy something; Great Rewards!!!  I see we have (Society as a...
Trump got elected, kind of put me into a shell. (Distancing myself from Republican friends supporting that douchebag) :(
WOW, this past Sunday (Episode 7) is AMAZING!!!  Plot is coming together! So much happening is really mind-blowing!   David Lynch is a genius in his own way!
You are an Introvert if going somewhere that has a LOT of strangers (concerts, crowded town events, parties where people you don't know are invited along) really makes you UNcomfortable!  It's not...
Everyone including many many Introverts love to social and hang out, but they wouldn't prefer big parties, crowded concerts, and like to talk to any strangers. Etc
I think the main difference between Introvert and Extrovert is if you like strangers and don't mind a  crowded place, like to talk/social is a bad example!  Many so called Introverts are more...
Is Wonder Woman a ENFJ in the comics?
Fe is her strongest.
Of course. I don't lie much about anything I strongly stand by. Only people who don't know me, would doubt what I say!  Such as what I was accused of - people thought I was being angry, upset and I...
These people I went with, went to sleep like 8-9pm!  And, I am like sitting by myself until 11 then even that is too early but I DON'T sleep at 8-9pm hell!  I also don't think you live your life...
Yeah that's the art style of David Lynch. He likes it that way!
I have never seen any ENFP being an asshole. Usually they are 10x times more friendly than I am, on the surface! But ENFP are extremely flakey though.  NOT completely sure means that they are fake...
Geonerd    Just by itself, no.  But, it's true that Ps are more prone to be messy and disorganized as most Js are more likely to be neat and organized.  That is because a number of other...
Remember, personality/MBTI is not about feeling or expression of any specific moment.  It's about your whole life.   'Sometimes', is utterly meaningless in determining MBTI/personality.  'Most...
It's not hard to figure out the difference between a F and T, or ENTP vs ENFP, and I don't know why it is that hard for some people.  -> https://www.google.com/search?q=ENTP+vs+ENFP  You just...
I have been absolutely right about Trump since the beginning, was I not?   Sometimes, it's just a matter of being intuitive about it all.  Makes me sad that some people say now they regret...
Exactly, that's what I have been doing. I really don't believe in much coincidences, so I believe a bunch of repeating patterns MEANS something.
From sites -  Intuitors ... are happy to trust their subconscious and 'sixth sense', gut feel, intuition or whatever you want to call it.
No, I am actually more honest than I am a liar.  I've always been direct, straightforward and tell it like it is.  A lot of people lie just for the sake of lying for no reason. I never do that....
Hey, I just think it's a show that other Ns would like.   Am I missing out on something?  Yeah - Imaginations, mystery, strangeness, creepiness, Symbolism, Theories all that FANTASTIC stuff...
I think that most people who think I am a F, are WAY TOO confused or don't fully grasp all the concept of Cognitive Function, except it's surface.  Because on T/F preference leaning, I clearly...
Nope.
This is getting to the point of extreme LAMENESS!  Instead of people trying to actually know me, see who I am for a FACT, and prove things. Instead just want to judge me based on nothing concrete,...
For rationality sakes, can we just STOP with the brainless accusations and actually PROVE something for once?  You want to prove that I am a xxFP, that's actually fine, you can go ahead do what you...
Not trolling - cuz I don't  get a rise whatsoever or intentionally troll anyone (Again let's not forget who accused who first. Wasn't me) I seriously only want to prove people who accuse me...
Despite you are saying that I am below average IQ, I am not offended cuz I don't get offended much and won't report you to the mods.  But, you are probably wrong on that because my multiple test...'"


4494: 'When I was a kid I experimented with eating non-food items, like sprinkling glitter on my pizza. I thought it tasted pretty good. :P
When people tell you things like You know, now that I think about it, you are always right...
It's my favorite game. My friends have learned that it's pointless to argue that I'm wrong about them, 'cause I never am. :cool:  I second the person that said they end up crushing on people they...
I'm a freshman, aaaand I have decided to stop giving so many fucks about school, cause I ain't got that much to spare. When I'm on my deathbed, I highly doubt I'll be fretting over what my major...
I could relate to just about all of that. I could never make the connections between my emotions and my subsequent actions, but the way you said it made a lot of sense to me. Very helpful, thanks :)
Some more:  I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying. -- Oscar Wilde  It's all about putting a big exclamation point at the end of your life. --...
...Point taken. Point noted.
I doubt I'll see a cyborg invasion in my lifetime, so I usually focus on zombies. No matter what, I will never submit!   ...unless I can win by switching sides. :D
Arithmetic is fine, but past geometry I ceased to understand anything in math. Or maybe I just lost what little interest I had.  Honestly, my brain tends to shut down as soon as I see numbers....
All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring. -Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters  This entire poem: The Wondering Minstrels: the lesson of the moth --...
^This.  I hardly ever give gifts, because 1) I'm broke/lazy and 2) I have to actually care about someone to give them anything. But for the people I do care about, I get f*cking neurotic with...
Today, I was training at my new job and my manager was talking to me, but I noticed her perfume and started daydreaming about what life would be like if peoples' scent was visible, and what it would...
When I'm with good friends, I have to eat a lot slower because I'm doing so much talking in between bites :P Of course, this means I'm actually able to taste my food.
I wish I could get all my nutrition through photosynthesis. It would be so perfect.
I like food, I just hate having to eat it. I mean, I'm pretty critical of anything short of delicious because my mom's a wonderful cook and I was raised in a family of foodies, and I definitely know...
I have never known boredom because I can always escape to the playground inside my head. It has a merry-go-round. :D  But seriously, I actually like when I have to ride the bus or wait in line or...
And I always thought I was the only one. These days, when books that don't recycle the same tired supernatural romance (you know what I'm talking about) are few and far between, dictionaries are...
My dancing is way too inappropriate to be put on the internet.  ...lmao at the irony there
And you annoy the living hell out of them because you refuse to be predictable, but they just keep coming back for more :P  (this could just be my INTJ though)
She's a writer and a musician. Double threat on that front, lol.
Thanks for the insight, everyone. I just talked to her, she said she made an appointment with the counselor and that she's feeling a little better. I just keep letting her know I'm here for her; from...
...Wow. That was actually really sad. Almost getting misty over here.  oh, what metaphors do to me.
Bago  I did, and she said she would go see the counselor. Hopefully he can be more useful than me...I'm probably too biased to be very much help.  Emerson  I'm starting to see that. It's a bit...
We're both in college right now, so it seems relevant enough...barring the fact that it could be completely made up by some corporate sleaze, of course. Do you think that the high amount of stress...
Let me just state that I am very new when it comes to MBTI types. I don't claim to be an expert of any kind, which is why I'm trying to ask questions in an effort to understand more from the people...
...That actually sounds like exactly her. She said she was tired of being a burden on me. And it was one of the saddest things I ever heard because I do think of her as one of those brilliant,...
Le sigh.  I truly apologize if I came off as offensive. But I did state that I don't know very many INFPs at all, and I'm just trying to get some information from those in the know as to whether...
Same. I guess they just flew under my prepubescent radar...hipsters never could compare to Pokemon.  Personally, I don't mind hipsters too much. The only thing that annoys me is when they pretend...
Apparently metaphors are the only way I can translate my thoughts into normal-people talk. (Their term, not mine.) Sometimes I make them up, sometimes I just butcher existing cliches for my own...
When you talk a friend out of suicide between midnight and 2am instead of cramming, and still ace your final exam at 8am.   /true story
Happy Monday, everyone! (as if there were such a thing) :dry:  From your point of view, do you think INFPs are especially likely to be suicidal? And why or why not?   Just curious, seeing as only...
*lurker alert* :crazy:  My (unconfirmed) INFP definitely has a thing for eyes, it's the first thing she notices about people. Sometimes when we make eye contact she just stares into my soul...it...
I'm kind of short with long limbs as well, but I have nice average piano playing fingers :P
I usually stay up late enough that if I have to wake up early, I don't bother...so a few nights a week I don't sleep. But on weekends I make up for it by sleeping until 4 in the afternoon :P
As a kid I read wayyyy too many fantasy books, and I always got upset that the world didn't seem to be as interesting as my books...for example, I wanted to be a pirate at one point. But no pirates...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYIAfiVGluk&ob=av2n   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6FGqSgkyEA   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-6EwdDiopQ
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eG21tgkeHM
I was a totally conceited little shit of a child, and then sometime around the onset of puberty I became this sad angsty teen with no self-esteem at all, and plenty of social anxiety caused by...
I do that too, except it's with my Middle Eastern side of the family...they don't appreciate my terrorist jokes very much :(
I am my worst critic because I can be pretty competitive and sometimes it becomes an I have to be better than [insert person here] sort of thing, which is awful but hey. I adore constructive...
This reminds me of Margaret Cho. I am fanning the flames of my faggotry!
I lose my car in the parking deck about twice a week, because I was so lost in thought when I parked that I couldn't recall what floor I was on. So I end up being that crazy-looking chick wandering...
I love the way this thread is going. Just now I had a conversation with a classmate whom I sort of idolize because of the way she lives...She's Italian by birth; at 17 she up and moved to India for a...
I agree, experiencing emotion is definitely of ultimate importance to me. Not something I'm proud of, but back in the day I was a bit of a slice-n-dicer myself...you don't realize how important...
mkeath I understand what you mean about people acting like it's the first time anyone ever posed the question about reality and such. Personally, I say you should carry on with the soul-crushing...
I didn't find it as hard to understand as people had me believe, but I thought it was WONDERFULLY made. Also, I may just be biased because Cillian Murphy is my baby daddy.
I adore the Matrix. As a matter of fact, I think I'll go watch it now... *abandons own thread for movie time*
The Proof Valid point. Maybe I should just move to a country that ISN'T generally thought of as stupid, obese, and ugly, haha.  Mariebenash1 Omg, after I saw Inception I was a mess. I kept telling...
Curious as to whether this could be an ENTP thing, or if it's just me.   What I mean by the title is, do you ever feel like everything is so fake? The people, the systems, the things we hold so...
I was always the girl at the sleepover that wanted to stay up alllllll night, but everybody ended up passing out so I just learned to amuse myself until they woke up. /forever alone  Either I can't...'"


4508: 'my memory couldn't be worse
Fair enough, I interpreted wrong - my apologies.
Love is not about giving and wanting nothing in return.  I realize how when you say that it has all these good things wrapped up into it in your head - but it's not a healthy way to look at love.  I...
I'd let it go but probably not for the reasons you think.  If something develops down the road then great but I wouldn't waste any time thinking about it.  Bottom line is even if all the 'iffs' are...
I hope I'm not being too forward to ask this question, but if someone told you it was hopeless, what would your thoughts be?
That's too deliberate!  My singing needs to just happen organically... hahaha  that's the only excuse for the noise pollution of it all
The bold is correct.  But I have an open mind.  I just can point to history and show that there have been numerous ideas of what God is, but definitely all have the ability to believe in something...
One of my best friends is ENTP and also LDS, I actually sometimes envy him because I think there are parts of his religion that help him keep it all together and focus his talents in a good way. ...
Something bigger than anything anyone can imagine the universe to be is a solid object moving at a speed faster than anyone can conceive and it wipes us out milky way and all.  (milky way not to...
I actually did mean both, but I'd like to hear why you disagree?
Does anyone think Religion is NOT a social evolutionary construct to ensure survival of the species?  I think it's impossible to track how often generally accepted religious truths have changed...
I sing around the house, a lot.  Not sure if I'm any good - don't really care - it's fun anyway!  A lot of the Fa Fa Fa Fa Song (Otis Redding) & Bell Bottom Blues (Eric Clapton) lately with some...
The opposite couldn't be more true for me.  I'm much more concerned with the future than I am concerned with the past.
I'm thinking about Pink elephants.  Now you are too.
I think it's safe to say, if it's not related to technology or some new concrete information about the universe of physical world - it's been thought of before.  I took philosophy in college too -...
For the last week I've been wondering if my existence and reference point is just good for this body, in non linear time - and all of you are essentially a different form of me, the universe.  I...
If you have a difficult time harnessing your own motivation - don't fight uphill - push yourself to make a career out of the things you can hyper focus on - whatever they are.  Also, the romantic...
I'm so rational, but my dog understands me the most.
If you're trying to learn web my advice would be the following:  Get a cheap computer.  Put linux on it. Learn using linux command line.  That will be lesson #1.  (you can even use a raspberry pi...
Nailed it.  Hahaha and this place itself serves as a great distraction for me :)  If I'm discussing something in here, I should probably be doing something else.
Most underrated movie ever.
Cafe  I drink every once in awhile but for the most part I'm not into it.  There was a marijuana bar down the street here for awhile, and I used to go there and absolutely loved the place and...
Lists.  Lists.  Lists.  Lay the goal down broken up into tasks, set deadlines.  That's basically all I need is for someone to say.  I need it on this date.  If they give it to me and say nothing,...
I and we are interchangeable in this scenario.  I think if I had to define God I'd say that we're evolving into a singular God, and so we get bits of consciousness from different beings one at a time...
Thank you my friend, those are very kind words, cheers to you. :)
I appreciate that, thank you.  I got a lot of pats on the back as a kid - and oddly, those pat on the backs as a kid turned me into a type of codependent - fucking crazy right?  I just kinda learned...
I do as little work as possible - to a shameful level I'm not proud of, but I also have the nerve to be irascible when people don't do exactly as I say, even when I know it's my fault for not...
I think it's more that the world sees us as assholes.  I get that all the time when I know inside I'm not trying to be one.  I definitely have the capability of being one, but my intentions are...
Every single time an alcoholic friend said they had moderated, what they had done is successfully hidden their problem while giving themselves some air cover for the every now and again someone would...
I say this seriously.  I've had and lost quite a few friends to alcoholism.  I've had one of my friends put a gun in his mouth and kill himself because he couldn't break free of his codependency from...
Back to low brow God theory.    I believe we are one consciousness - the Universal Mind, that time is not linear and I am you and you are me.  And it's our goal to innovate and evolve as quickly...
Why'd you pick alcohol epiphanies?  You have experience with it in some fashion and quickly chose that as the analogy to relate your thought to?  I don't expect you to reveal, but now I know for...
And by the way, you have me on maturity.  I alternate between an old man and a 9 year old.  Mostly the 9 year old though.  Life is more fun that way.
I will say, that I'm not actually trying to make you feel bad so much as it just doesn't really bother me if I do.  If it makes you feel any better, I don't think you have any more or less...
First, what I'm saying has nothing to do with MBTI, that's the point.  It's related to childhood narcissistic injury and how it can create a layer of behavior masking the actual authentic personality...
If you knew as many miserable coders as I do, his patterns would stick out like a sore thumb - which is how he's so easy to break down.    The guy is INTP, his E is a mask - and judging by his post...
Eeek.  That's my fault the way I put that all together, that's not what I was trying to tie in.  Sorry about that.  I was actually trying to say that he's forsaken being a serious business executive...
similarly.    And the thought of you using voice to text, made this particularly funny.  You know why?  My mind builds the characters and stories in my head.  I see scenery, and love or hate the...
Sounds more like he needs imago therapy and he sounds emotionally unavailable.  Which probably has nothing to do with MB or personality.
eh, I can't predict that sort of thing.  I try not to make set plans, if you do that - you really limit yourself.  I do things in the moment, and it's more efficient since it means I'll always be...
It's your loss.  You think I'm insulting you, I'm not.  I played with you for fun since you gave me license but now I'm just giving you good information that could save your life.  I really doesn't...
This is so unbelievably cringeworthy.  Do you think that you get the fan like me a month because there are just a bunch of pricks out there, or because you puke all over yourself trying to show off...
OK, let's see.    Don't worry, I'm breaking you down in lightning speed.  The harder you try to be something, the more I know you aren't.  When you mature you realize that nobody gives a rats ass...
Which donald trump?  The character on TV is an ENTJ, but it's a character.  His real life, he's an ESFP.  The guy fails like it's his job, even after being born on 3rd base.  His father ran that...
Well, I just completely ruled out ENTP for you.    Do you write code like this too?  Taking a paragraph of words to write, I read fiction?
ENTP's in law seem like a paradox to me.  In the 1700's, surveying became the profession of choice for the upper middle class-upper class folks. (Source: Gentlemen Scientists and Revolutionaries)...
ENTP  I like INTJ or INFJ typically  Maybe another ENTP for a fling.
It's very possible that I'm projecting something entirely true about myself.... I'm aware that I'm a basketcase.  but with you I'm just looking at the data and employing Occam's Razor.
oh please, we both know that's not true...
This is disappointing.  Someone who outright will tell you that they have a unique way of responding, isn't being unique.  They are delivering adjectives about themselves that they wish the person...'"


4514: 'I just don't like the personality my dad is a very strong one,  I have worked with them, and now I have tried dating them. I have met a lot of them and they act in way that I find difficult. We do...
I do not like ISTJ's they take the game hard to get and play it on insane mode, I lose interest. I went out with a guy who was an ISTJ seemed really cool. Then went on a date after talking to him for...
Sanari the show you described as sounds interesting. There was some interesting research I read that lead to some interestind questions. One was the origin of the dog. Genetic research showed that...
Measured_eye I read your response and it was very thought provoking. As to your questions I will answer them in order. To your first question, yes there is a reward to being being good and that is...
I read your response and I am confused by what you mean by it comes to a lack of faith. When people reach adulthood they reach a level of enlightment and realize that their parents really were...
Hey I am sorry for the delayed response, my tests fell together this last week. As your question I think that people are are somehow linked together. By what I don't know many great philosophers and...
I study all the time and I drink tons of coffee. Since I am female I am not limited to 10 manly calories so I add cream and sugar. Then I move at the speed of light.
Bad at spelling anf grammer. Just can't seem to get it, but good at math and science, they use symbols. I don't know could be me, but I still have to do L's for left and right.
Hey fun questions if you play any sport what would it be? If could in any type of house what would it be?
No you did not overlook anything. The help I was offering was in a general sense, like if you an idea or thought and want someones opinion.
hahahaha...That's smart and I will have to use it. Yeah sometimes its small things that speak the loudest,
Yeah I do the same, it unnerves people. Example on one my birthdays I went to a very nice resturant and this lady with her date was really loud, annoyingly so. I didn't ask her to please be quiet...
I have to admit that I found that article to be very enlightening. As I have said most introverts are tough sells but INTJ'S are difficult because of the IQ aspect and cynicism.
Yes that's true but the number of deaths are too low for me to consider giving up any freedoms. For me freedom is great and sacrifices will be made. Just because a couple of thousand people die...
I hope you get Korea and start you find out more about yourself. If there's anything I can do to help just ask.
Research is the reason why I chose engineering over chemistry. Engineering flexible problem can be solved in more than one way and math can be like a puzzle. Chemistry, Biology, and natural sciences...
I am a 7w8 and yes people have always been hostile to me. I just can't seem to fit a particular group. On the surface I am fine then when things get deeper people just don't like me and this has been...
I have seen some cases of police brutality, some were pretty vicious, and more times than not the cops are harshly punished. To stream the camera footage from the car sounds good on the surface but...
You should try to contact Sanari she too is interested in Korea. Although for anthropological reasons. That is great that you want to go to Korea  for someone like me I would have been too indecisive...
Awesome anywhere in particular you want to go or is the world at large your destination, and is learning a knew language difficult? I too hope to someday travel I don't know if I could move though....
Thank You Taneka for your reply. I am very excited to find another sports fan, do you watch, play, or both? What sport is your main interest? For me I love football, play soccer, and the olympics...
Masured_eye it takes an open and flexible mind o be able to see the world from others perspetive. Tell me as you have seen the world from other point of view have you never felt compelled to make...
Have you read half the stuff in there? If this true for all INTJ's no wonder why the guys in the relationship forum think they will die young! Seriously planning your death, I don't think so, you...
That's something I would like to understand. How does South Korea view North Korea? They interact and create policy with one another or have barricaded themselves? From what have I must read about...
Measured_eye it too bad I didn't get to read the long post, but hey computers do that. I really enjoy this website because full of people who have strong ideas in my life I don't find that very much,...
Sanari I think your right that all humans have the same orgin, but because adaption and survival decisions I do not think that some cultures can really coexist. Humans are interesting to me because...
He is right about online dating my friend is trying it and he keeps getting really burned. Just know that the selection goes both ways and don't put much into the potential relationship off the bat....
Watch any of these there fun and get you thinking, okay some get you thinking: Walking Bad Dexter Breaking Bad Big Bang Theory Fringe Battlestar Galatica Firefly Homeland Spartacus
The best combination if possible, I think from from reading and experience, is a dominant ENTP with an assertive INTJ as a partner. ENTP will bring new ideas and drum up moral needed for their...
That's great a book buttefly I am going to have to use that. I love reading as well mainly in the areas of chemistry, theoretical physics, biology, anatomy and physiology, leadership, and current...
I have taken thes abilities into account in fact it was the fact its the main attraction. I am really very creative I push the bounds, I go to far into the deep end and get lost. In a realationship...
optimistic yes that's me. In a better sense I am goal oriented so reguardless of what happens I will reach my goal. If something happens to my goal I adjust and stay the course. Plus people respond...
AJ2011 I don't think they make books covering the subect matter in my last comment. Or maybe I am wrong and the subject could be Replacing People's Will With Your Own. I am bad at how to's and I dont...
Hey Sanari are you a book worm like me and if so types of books do you like to read? If not what other things spark your interest?
Thank you measure_eye I do aim to empress and am glad when I do so. The insight you gave about yourself was interesting indeed. If you mind me asking what are your unconventional ideas? I enjoy...
This thread just took a turn. The stubbor Gatekeeper/Guardian is my champion. Remember a lot of people don't like me off the bat. What your thinking is I will sell them my idea I argue some points he...
Yeah that' s about right I am ENTP and I see what is and what could be and change it to work. In order to start a business you don't want investors unless you need them. Every company needs a strong...
I beleive in God I was raised both Catholic and Baptist, parents wanted both. My faith is my cornerstone reguardless of religion and outside factors because they just don't matter. What does is the...
At this point I don't care my father was really mean growing up saying like I have forgotten more knowledge than you will ever learn, They don't make colleges for whores, or Your useless. When...
EternalEquinox I don't know why you are so angry, your entire response radiates with insecurity and unnecessary anger. I did not contradict myself, in fact its one of the few times I was completely...
Thank you Sanari for comments and sharing yourself. As it happenes today I met a girl in cafeteria who was sitting by herself and I sat with her. She was really quiet until I brought up what she...
For you Lughna the horse was just a decoy. For people like you I have plans within plans. Mwaaa-hahahah
I have tried to be happy, but in almost every instance their feelings get hurt, they're predictable to a stupid level, or I don't spend enough timet. Its sucks too when someone is devoted to you and...
No vocaliziation is most of the time not necessary. I people watch and see the different signs, and stereotypes are very real you don't beleive me then a attention to certain ethnicities or sexes....
1. How idealistic are you? Very, I see what is and what can be. I have been very blessed and feel responsible to share those around me.  2. How opinionated are you? Absolutely, I have been through...
I vary in style because the different appearence, but I have to look good. Comfy is nice but I like looking put together and ready for the task at hand.
Its not that convoluted because its along the same lines of plan for the best, but expect the worst and you might be surprised. However, I play a higher stakes game because I don't mind being wrong,...
I swear you guys are so negitive I am not going after the last unicorn, and now that I have some pointers I just alter my plan. Besides luck favors the prepared, and seek and you shall find.
For a regular friendship I don't like alot of physical contact, but when passing through a somewhat real relationship I crave the intimacy. Probably why I am looking something that can last longer...
It is usually after I insult them or prove their statment false. You know you made someone mad or they lost some important point when they say you just don't understand, you need to be more open...'"


4524: 'Don't believe the source.
Your source is as reliable as sunday mirror.
Thanks to shia lebouf i will never get motivated again by those words.
If i don't say bold things, or just express my real opinion, i become depressed, its really weird. It like a snow ball. I am in one of this moment right now and i'm having a huge urge to say...
By me time you mean masturbation, right? Because like to masturbate a lot. A LOT.
Well, she's an indie pop singer, so I'm right after all. She's also a feminist, so my observations are pretty spot on. https://twitter.com/halsey/status/574638843619450880
V sign, blue hair and duck face? Ugh. http://cdn.hitfix.com/photos/4343832/eminem_featured_photo_gallery.jpg  Let me guess, you want to be different than anyone else, but yet you try to fit in....
Is there a model for ENTps as well?
Oh, great, another obsession is coming up!
Yeah, that's pretty much me.
I have never felt offended in my life.
I don't like to dwell on this so/sx high Fe bullshit, but that's one of the reasons that i still come here, and yes, i'm socially awkward, i don't really like being pressured to say things, and i...
Its a funny thing, i can be as eloquent as i am retarded sometimes, its gets funnier because of the fact the i stutter a little bit, so, here i am giving a hell of a speech, blocking into every ts...
I thought the tittle was say someting, you shameless cocky. glad it worked as well:laughing:
99% of the users on this sub-forum are mistyped, they just think that they're awesome and make-up stories to back-up that, they're either an intp or estp. They think they're the astatine of the...
Not at all, but it would be cool if i was, but i don't give as much shit as other people do.
Jill IS my hand, m8.  http://i1227.photobucket.com/albums/ee432/savannahxboo/girlfriend_jill_Girlfriend_Jill-s526x478-41267-580.jpg
Don't tell me what to do.
Fuck, that's a lot of responsibility.
Every ENTP needs a Morty.
Fixed for you m8.
I have ESTp friend that does the exactly same thing. I'm much more subtle in my remarks tbh.
I don't think it's something that can be triggered consciously.
Yeah, i get this vibe as well, its pretty cringeworthy when you see someone trying be LOL SO RANDOM XDDDDDD. I lot of things that makes me think that i'm entp comes when i'm not conscious about it,...
I think the only way to find your true type is to analyze your behavior back when you didn't even know what mbti was. It's pretty easy to be biased, specially if you get too carried away with those...
Let me just say that i'm not butthurt by writing a seriously butthurt reply.
People think that entps have some kind of super power, I think its like that youtuber guy said, the lack of identity drives us into this.
Thanks, confucius.
Yep.
Jill's very touchy, but horny as well. She's not very smart. I know her like the palm of my hand. I would guess she's ESFP.
Are you me? Every single post of you reminds of myself. I think you're myself from an alternative universe, there are too much coincidences to be merely coincidence.
I'm smoking more than ever, and I think it's about lack of stimulation, like the ol' fat drunk parrot said.
I don't like to answer this as some kind of 'type thing', but as soon as i realize that everyone got huge expectations about me I started doing the exact opposite of it, I just can't be trusted and...
That's pretty fine by me. I think you should make a blog about it. Also, please don't force him into being the ENTP stereotype, just let him be.
What the fuck is that, will you really raise a child basing on a fucking personality theory, that is far from being scientifically proven? Keep me up with that, ok?
I don't even know what that is.
I think her husband might be gay and it was on a relationship with the murder. Only that could explain such thing, there is the only explanation.
I don't think it has enough to be a crush, but i really really like zoey deschanel.
I simulate a suicide.http://media.giphy.com/media/jSxK33dwEMbkY/giphy.gif I lost the count on how many times i did that.
Dear INFJ,  Don't bite the bait that hard, you could break your teeth by doing that.
That must be some kind of Freud shit going on, tbh.
Jumping from a moving train in order to defy your own physical reaction to prove that what we're experiencing is a product of our own minds, but the pain that comes after is pretty real. At least i...
Fuck, @giagigi@ its on a thanking spree.
You're sooooo edge, dude.
*Sarcastic response about the completely lack of knowledge by the original poster*
Dear INFJ,  For moment just http://media.tumblr.com/bc6b17b4ab188a757c6817e544c205ba/tumblr_inline_mlbhmrnRGm1qz4rgp.jpg  Being an spiritual mom to everyone, you're not on a higher level of...
I'm a thrill seeker, but not for the sake of it. I seek for an meaningful thrill.
Yeah, people tend to hate me as well, sometimes its just banter, but you can see that there's some true in there. That's why i try to shut my self off sometimes. I do a lot of experiments like...
Yep, as far as i'm concerned we would be like a monkey in a zoo to them. But our intuition could impress a very logical society as well.
Now i'm imaging my self inside the box that is outside another box that is inside another box...'"


4528: I sat on my bird unconsciously and killed it, when I was 5. And I don't even remember it. Now I have a bird and I hang out with him every day for the past 3 years.   God. That sounds so...
Drunk Parrot I thought it could have a connection with Ne. You can't focus on a task when multiple stuff run through your mind willingly and/or unwillingly. To focus you must push your mind and that...
What about a long run thing? I assume you divide it into pieces and try to deal with it that way.
Would love to hear some thoughts about the connection between types (specially ENTP) and will power. Have you ever thought about it before? What would you say about your level of will?
I really like this guide.  This may not be the best place to learn here, but I would love to know does that practice about Si works generally and for an ENTP.
AverOblivious  Visual learner. Ne is high enough to break that perspective you talked about, as I naturally tend to be the other way around myself. Thank you, seriously. And all of you. This is...
I know why are you saying this but it's not depression. I'm just way too busy. There is little time, and lots of things to handle. So its pretty hard for me to not get fully into senior year work....
I'm not asking for structures or planning, I'm asking for an ENTP advice, like how do I get myself fully into this and stuff  And I will be studying a lot this year, not much more than I already...
Highschool.
This year in my life will require me to handle a lot of things. Its the senior year for me, and that means I will be pretty busy with a lot of things.   As like the rest of the ENTP people, I hate...
I could ask the same. I have a lot of friends that I'm close with, and I had an INTP bestfriend once which I could easily shake the extroversion off of them. But what I thought has changed, I do want...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y350oOiunf4
https://nyamcenterforhistory.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/tab-xvi.jpg  What is there that can not be embraced?  I drew this 2 times already. Can't stand not looking at it sometimes. I guess I'm...
Then 'why do I feel the same way' question appears.
An extra : Why do we do something when our loved ones ask us to? The common answer is 'because you love them, that simple' but why does it still make us do it?  This question also works for other...
Can you explain inferior ti a little more? Thanks! - Funky MBTI in Fiction  As an ENTP, eventhough I have no details in it, I generally know how -my- Ti works but I was always sure that it had...
I wonder how/what kind of other ENTPs' fears are. This is more personal question than a MBTI one, but if there is similarity in the core of fears in the same type (in this case, ENTP is the one I...
You are so damn irrational and goddamn stupid that you can't even hear yourself when you talk and then it goes blablabla and those blas are unnecessary for any of us. Please stop talking, and let...
Dear ISTP and INTP, (and possibly ESTP)  Please stop being so attractive to me.  Sincerely,   ENTP.
Well, I'm not a thinker. I just embrace the Ne, everything pretty much happens unconciously but I always realize that something thought this through except me. It's like I have someone in me and he's...
Most of the time I'm the one whos lying so I know the inner face of this.   Usually for me it comes out as a defence tool in my daily life, lying spontaneously + being an ENTP charmes more people...
I wonder how can one suppress himself as an ENTP, wondering what are the keys, how will it work after that, what will be the consequence, like will he drown in more ideas if he tries to not work his...
I get the point.  But let's say the INTP is feeling bad and didn't ask the person for any help, or never mentioned it but person knows INTP is feeling bad (but not gonna talk about it) and the INTP...
Oops, accidental double post.
Waiting is one not-so-comforting thing. But waiting because of others really ... bugs me. I feel like it limits me, even if its just one little joke that I'm socially not allowed doing.   Anyone...
Actually I don't either, I just wanted to know how does it work if you try to suppress the ENTP in an ENTP.  I totally relate to second paragraph.  So I guess if one tried to resist, it would...
It's not like you had an idea and you think you shouldn't do it so you try to resist it or forget about the idea completely.  What I want to know is how long can you resist to an idea even if it's...
I thought about the book part before and discovered that it is more effective than I think I would ever be
I agree. Yeah, she sees opportunities but she has to do them now. She gets thrilled by doing them whenever she feels like it and to me, it seems like she is driven by this. This is the major thing...
Thank you senior
Thank you for finally making me realize that.
Not a newb, but a new comer
If this is true, I doubt you are an ENTP.
Yeah, I'm already aware of that.
Thank you all for the replies and the help, it will really help.
Thanks for the responses. And after reading these and thinking about the past with that person, it fits.   But what about when she actually talks? I now realize that she isn't really expecting or...
So the title speaks for itself.  I got a friend who is a female INTP and I sometimes feel I'm not enough for her when she's in that down mood. And I'm never sure what to do when that happens?...
Why pretend ..
Couldn't put it better.
I always think how would it be if I knew Hannibal really, really well.
We're smart because people are really dumb.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZVwJfkM0Eg
I totally relate to this.  We aren't even constant enough to actually see what we are capable of. And the fact people can't keep us up makes us even brighter .. but also makes us too adaptive....
You'd be happy to know that it actually helped me for 3 minutes. Nothing did that before.
I know, I see them as a thing that makes ENTPs an ENTP. That's actually why I dislike ENTJs but to get to a point where my ENTP can shine up, I really need to do things.
I wish I could put a '?' at the end of the title, atleast that way, I would know the answer.  So, here I am as an ENTP and a 17 year old who is in his senior year. And I have my goals, which I know...
Why bother make it? If I had the mind set, I'd steal it.
Oh, I thought it was only the largeness of the butt. I also got proof. Look at Kim Kardashian.  But maybe the large butts are the ones who have immense elasticity, so there's that.
I believe its Frank.
Only 2? You poor man."


4533: 'Howard Hepburn: I know that every celebrity puts on an act for the public, regardless of type. Still, I believe that Emma Watson is ISFJ.  ISTJ? I don't know any -- yet. But Emma Watson is an ISFJ,...
ISTJ would mean Te/Fi. She's a Fe user; that's why she smiles so oddly. She's shy and she's being photographed all the time. She's faking the whole businesswoman-y thing. Not all perfectionists are...
She is such an ISFJ that it hurts. Were she an ESFJ, she'd probably be less fearful (Ne = not inferior, but instead tert. function). She would be more reluctant to use her Ti. ENFJ = Ni/Se. No, she...
*leads to ISFJs acting like...
What I meant that ISFJs almost always end up behaving like an ESFJ/INTP mix. They see clearly that TJ-esque humor is generally viewed as better -- sharper, and so that kind of person ends up...
You know that ESFJ/INTP mix you're talking about? It's called ISFJ. I'm serious.
ISFJs are often absurdly talented at acting like they're not. I wager she's one of these individuals.
What? WHAT? Dom/aux Si for some is absolutely incredible and not at all the ingenuity-stifling function for metaphorical robots it is commonly perceived to be!
TwinAnthos
I don't know about Se, but living in a strongly Si world is wonderful. Occasionally frustrating, but at times absolutely beauteous.
I'm much too Fe to be a Fidom.
The only reason I'm not buying INFP Snape is that he just seems to be naturally Te. His ingenuity doesn't mean he has to be Ne-dom or -aux; when Ne is needed to save the day, I don't know... he's...
Luna isn't a 4. She's not dramatic and doesn't want to stand out; she just does.
Sorry. May I delete this? I should have put this in Spam World or something. It was never meant to be serious. That eyeroll emoticon is killing me.
Based on my posts, what do you think?  (I'm sure of Fe and Ti.)
Si and Ni aren't as simple as past and future. Taylor does appear to find seeing the possibilities rather easy, but all types can be the same. What we have to consider is in which function it's...
INTP, but the only part I'm sure about is the I.
So I heard y'all were talking sh*t about me.  Kidding.  I don't see much Fe in Luna, which is why I don't buy ExFJ -- but it's there. (We in Ravenclaw..., etc. -- always seems to want people to...
Obviously, but I don't think it does the way Snape does. As for his Ne, it could be not so easily detected because it's his lowest-order function and he's in a Si-Fi loop.
Possible.
I see Ne-Si users rushing to conclusions Snape-style, too. His doesn't come off to me as the Ni I know it, I just know it! -- more HARRY POTTER IS THE SPAWN OF JAMES POTTER, WHO IS 100% A...
I was so off about Two -- she's a sensor.
Does anyone else think Lupin may be ISFJ?
Ugh, that was before I took functions seriously....  I think NOW that O'Brien is ISTP. I see Fe, but it's low-order.... I don't reckon he's an FJ of any sort. ENTP seems possible too.
I've the perfect mug for INFJs. (see image below)  http://media-cache-ec0.pinimg.com/236x/ef/6e/5f/ef6e5f8543411dc28a10c4e66615fdfb.jpg
Yes; you're just a snot rag.
But you're everyone's children, INFPs. :>
WHAT ARE YOU DOING? INFP, NO! Go to your room!
I wouldn't claim I'm the most Fi in our family, but I did show plenty of it as a young child, which clashed with what they always told me to do (Fi + other functions? Fe? Something else? I'm not...
Is Luna more Fi or Fe? Probably Fi. I do think, however, she demonstrates a considerable amount of Fe in the fifth book. I can't be sure, seeing that I don't comprehend the functions as well as I'd...
In angelcat I trust.
She's an industrious college student on the brink of graduating. A grandaunt of ours and she are exceedingly close, and she is very, very loyal to her. She is only a trifle less so to her friends,...
The world needs you and your broad grasp of the world, INTP! Go and... you're trying to bring to life Pokemon cards?
Which baby?  This baby? :)
(Also, that was supposed to be in all-caps. Sorry. Sorry. Anyway, I shouldn't have used 'goddamn'. It just seemed inadequate without a cuss word, and stronger ones would no doubt feel like a decided...
I'm so sorry i was making a username-based pun i'm so sorry
Stop gazing at stars and find your personality type, you goddamn grasshopper.
Wouldn't you love to get it before he does?
What's your MBTI type? [winks]
Enfj
Oh, no, no. There's no way Ollivander's an ISTJ.  I'd guess IN-something.
Daniel Sharman's ENFP, like Holland. Dylan might be ISFP...
Oh, wow. I didn't notice a similar thread's already been created. I'm sorry! Can anyone delete this?
Evanna Lynch portrayed Luna Lovegood in the last four Harry Potter films.    She had beaten over fifteen thousand other girls desirous of the role she'd be shortly after be well known for.  At...
After watching a couple of their (old) interviews, I began wondering what their MBTI types were.  I strongly suspect Daniel Sharman (Isaac Lahey) and Holland Roden (Lydia Martin) are Intuitives. ...
Julia - ESTP Winston - INFP Hm. I've always seen O'Brien as an INxP.
Again, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Regarding Luna, well -- I -- I frankly think that people type Luna as INFP because of Evanna Lynch's portrayal of her, which Jo loved and caused her to alter the character to suit it. Initially, she...
Dumblydorr  (read: joke. This is how Madame Maxime pronounces Dumbledore's name, which I incidentally do in fact know how to correctly spell.) is probably INXX. I'm speculating Harry is an ISTP....'"


4562: 'Eugh... emotions... I don't know, I've always been able to get along better with boys than girls (once I stopped being afraid of the opposite gender that is... I was an odd child).  I am much more...
I try not to lie anymore.  Life is so much more challenging with the truth.  On the other hand, when I used to get caught in a lie (I think it happened... once?) it was a very old one and I simply...
Why would anyone ever want to stop you from buying such a marvelous thing!?... In fact, where do I get one?
DUDE!  That book is currently on my bedside table with a bookmark in it, this is quite a coincidence.
When I was a kid I was really upset with my gender.  As I got older though, I came to terms with my...condition.  I'm not particularly girly or masculine.  I don't overly mind jumping into a dress,...
Hey, whaddya know, sounds like me.  Yeah, I get the you're weird thing a lot, though often times people think it's charming or... something.  It's funny you should mention the oddness originally...
I'm sorry to say that I've only ever met one other ENTP and one possible ENTP.  Just because we're all the same type though doesn't  mean that we'll all be the same.  For example, I know an INTJ and...
I concur, Toys.  There are so many more interesting things to do instead of sleep. I get about four hours on weekdays and try to get ten a night on weekends, but I don't fall apart to the extent...
sounds familiar, iajrz... (except for the last part)
Not much gets me down.  However the primary reasons would be bad grades, or trouble with friends (their troubles or trouble between the two of us).  Also, as has been stated by others, I get down...
I'm good at expressing concern, kindness, emotion towards people I feel next to nothing about quite easily.  However, if I actualy become emotionaly attached to an individual (takes quite some time)...
My dad is ENFP, he's often a very difficult man to get along with.  However it's great discussing politics, literature, theories, life, etc. with him.  He's very smart, but a lot of what he says is...
I don't think Motorola is becoming the beast from Revelation... However I do agree that this is ridiculous.  I don't want anyone knowing where I am 24/7, and I think there are a good amount of...
Pht, no one could stand in our way!   I've always wanted an identical twin actually, (well, only at times...) there would be a limitless amount of pranks you could pull, it would be brilliant... and...
I hate pointing out people's flaws.  I never criticize unless I've been explicitly asked.    I'm modest (I know if you say that it it sounds like it isn't so, but it's hard to ignore the facts, I...
Huh, I can relate to the not feeling emotion about things that I probably should, then again I have random moments (they last literally about two minutes) of strong emotion, where for example I'm...
Sure, people won't remember irrelevant data, but what one defines as irrelevant depends on who they are, and I know I certainly don't have as good a memory for certain things than other people I...
I've always been of the opinion that trying to type strangers or people you aren't well acquainted with is a messy subject.  For example, I was talking to a girl who has been in my class for a few...
I know what you mean sort of. Some songs will stick with me (Party in the USA... I don't know why... I hate that song) while others that I really like might not.  I'm horrible at remember most...
I never lie about anything of importance, only when I'm joking around, and I make sure to tell them that I was lying.  If I do lie, then it's because the individual was asking a question that was...
Ha...that's mean... (well done though) I love playing pranks with my...abilities, I've convinced people of so many things.  You just slip outrageous things into conversation and they'll fall for...
Wow... tell me, do you all play soccer and love reading too? (just checking to make sure you're not all versions of me running around)  That and just about everything said.  If I'm lying I just...
When I say happiness is the meaning of life, I mean this...  There is no meaning of life, we're just a compilation of chemical reactions working amongst millions of other meaningless things. ...
What are you (ENTP) capable of? When does your strength cease? I think I'm capable of most things I set my mind to.  However there are things I'm too stubborn to fix and don't see as major problems,...
From a biological standpoint, we are a species and it is the purpose of every species to reproduce and continue that species.  So, the purpose of life is to reproduce.  On the other hand, us being...
Fair enough.  It's never easy or fair comparing movies to books.  However I do think that the book was more evocative and disturbing than the movie.
I'm a Gemini! And I can't doubt the accuracy of these astrological signs.  I've got two heads just like they say I should! I dunno, here's what it says about me Adaptable and versatile...
I'm sure there are solutions (it's just that the ones I can think of would never occur because of how supremely flawed mankind is)... for example: a problem to overpopulation, kill off the stupid...
No comment to do with the thread... but nice name Mr. Bateman from the movie or the book?
I like reading on the roof... or taking my laptop out there to talk to people. It's great on summer nights when you can't sleep. Someone got a Darwin Award for falling off their roof because they...
That's awesome, how could I forget? Roofs are a beautiful and wonderful place to hang out.
I'm not very lucky when it comes to the occasional video game... (though that might have more to do with my very low skill level when it comes to such things)
I'm just gonna get this out of the way before I begin this post, I'm a horrible person, keep that in mind. Right, so even if anyone could figure out a way to reduce pollutants, one would have to...
Ha, nope, sorry to report that I'm not.  If very tired or over-exuberant I might accidentally injure myself, but it's not a common occurrence.
Absolute favorite place is just about anywhere with my friends.  Outside of that though, when I'm not in a social mood I've got a few favorite trees (one suspended over a bog, the other just...
I'd rather not disclose anything too specific at the moment... But I can tell you this, I would wear a suit, sit in a very luxurious spinny chair (to turn and kill the hero for most dramatic...
Yeah, definitely good for lying... (for the greater good of course...). I like to act, and often times (and by often I mean without fail) things go wrong. Thanks to all that ENTP-ness I've been able...
And what if we know absolutely nothing, I mean literally nothing.  For all we know time could have just been stopped and our minds could have been reset like a computer.  We could really be giant,...
If only I could write poetry that well.  It's by one my favorite poets, Arthur O'Shaughnessy from his ode called... well Ode, it doesn't really have a title. Oh!  And speaking of poetry, here's...
Alas, too many people I talk to think this is a theory...
It doesn't say I can't... The ends justify the means Of all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these, 'it might have been' In life we never have as much time as we think we do We are...
Humans are completely and entirely selfish creatures.  We're no more than organisms whose soul purpose is to continue the species, and by doing that we must protect ourselves.  Everything we do is...
Huh, from that description I sound like a mutant INFJ/ENTP hybrid (just thought I'd put my two cents in)
Ha, it's not so hard, toss yourself in a pool.  If you don't figure how to stay afloat then the worst that could happen is you make some nice lifeguard friends =D Actually, scratch that, don't do...
Alright, well if you don't cooperate with their ideas they're not going to cooperate with yours on principle, you have to be nice and helpful and then they have to listen to your ideas.  Not doing...
Jeez, I don't know how you people survive And yeah, I remember the whirlpool game, that was great.  It works especially well in small pools, though we used to let the whirlpool just carry us along...
The gods, the myths, the legends, the ENTPs... (nah, I'm just kidding, but that would go nicely with our supposed egos)
Best friends.  I didn't used to have any of those, now i do, and they make me happy =D (i'm in a good mood... i'm allowed to be over cheery...) Right so I've got an ESTJ, ENFP (but she has a...
You... you can't swim!?!?!?!? This is horrible!  You get your butt down to a pool, now!  Go!  Swimming is too wonderful to be missed out on!  Splash around in the little people pool, take lessons,...
You have to be flexible, it kills me when someone comes up with an idea that is clearly far inferior to mine (yeah, yeah, there's that ENTP ego talking, so yeah, I know how you feel, but I can also...'"


4582: Nobody is saying that. Let me quote the original statement, made by Ephemerald: I don't know. Paying tuition to study ideas and works one can borrow from a library, and discussion one can get from...
I didn't claim someone thinks that.   STEM undergrads get a lot of basic training when being hired, because they are deemed clueless. Undergrad people only take part (mostly - as observers) in...
This is exactly my and @Ephemerald's point - all the materials are freely available for individual study and discussion among friends and clubs. There is no actual need to attend university, and the...
Your use of the term ''superior'' is very symptomatic. The true reason for this is the absolute elitism in the US, the old fashioned idea that there are people (old white men in 99% of cases) and...
Yes, it is very common in the UK. As a matter of fact, in 2013 alone the number of students dropped by 7% here, and the government has created a new development plan for public libraries, to increase...
I wrote that one should get a microscope from e-bay, it's not a big deal. And anyway, experimenting is in no way superior to reading about others experimenting. I have plenty of friends working in...
The same can be done in majority of other subjects as well. Economics, math, theoretical physics, biology (just get a microscope from e-bay), history, psychology, chemistry, all the arts etc. Just...
No, I don't actually. Critical thinking is not something like a separate engine in the brain, that you turn off and on, whenever needed, and only use it to criticize and pick apart. Critical thinking...
Studying philosophy isn't this life-changing pursuit of absolute truth that you seem to think it is. Philosophy is just like any other subject, but worse. It's worse because people usually know what...
Jackson Pollock
This is one of the modern fairy tales. You aren't ''destined'' to do anything at all. There are very, very few people who have one and only one interest that they want to pursue, and even fever who...
There is a big difference between being alone vs. not having someone with you on every occasion of life, grocery shopping included. Most people very often spend time on their own, however, they...
http://media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/41/80/f0/4180f0b75056ead1a0711e39a780cae1.jpg
I'm sure nobody would appreciate it if I posted here several papers explaining what objectification is. The definition is still very straight forward. Who says mine is the most accurate - it's not...
''Objectification'' is a term originating from feminism, used primarily in feminist discourse, for feminist purposes. Same can be said about the term ''heat'' in science. When we laymen discuss...
What links did you click? I'm sure you realize that different links have different credibility. If you click on Oxford dictionary it has way more weight than a random post on PerC, tumblr or...
Objectification. Just one more term arising from feminism, and as a rule when it comes to feminism, being used and discussed without having a clue about what it means. I don't know if somewhere in...
^ People writing nonsense like this should be sent back to elementary school.
If soundness of Kantian (or any other) ethics was so easy to prove that we, random people on online forums, could do that, then we wouldn't really need professional philosophers. Even Kant himself...
Since I want to avoid what I do not like and also have what I like, I prefer to have very minor involvement in petty arguments such as this one. In your very first post you misread my argument and...
Why should I stop? I've had many interesting debates here. This, however, is not one of them. You just keep writing half page long posts against things that I have never even stated.   OP writes:...
@Protagoras, it always amazes me how even the most simple statements must be dumbed down again and again, so that people stop reading into them whatever they please. We got one obstacle out of your...
FallingSlowly, to continue about writing for magazines - how did you find work in the beginning, after your first piece? I'm sure that as you have more publications it becomes increasingly easy, but...
No, Russia is too poor. They already spent all the money on Olimpics and they don't have a good reason to invade any other country. Russian government might be extravagant and foolish at times, but...
I've read your posts in other threads and it seems you have studied philosophy. Didn't they teach you in logic what ''or'' means? Ignoring such basic but fundamental things  just goes to show your...
1. How did you get into writing profesionally? 2. How much are you paid for a review for example? 3. What is your education?
No such thing as ''the most important'' question. All attempts to come up with one are completely arbitrary.  Especially unproductive is putting on this throne a question that is in principle...
Office junior when I was 16. I really had nothing to do, nobody there had anything to do. At about the same time a city festival began, so they gave me something like 10.000 tickets and I had to put...
The great thing about movie theaters is that you are stuck there for a period of time, with other people, and cannot play on your devices, go to toilet and multitask. It's a rare kind of an...
Sounds just about right.  I've been trying to land all kinds of jobs in London lately, and it's all rather twisted. I've met very sensible employers, but for every 1 of them there seem to be 10...
There is no denying that capitalism has brought many good things to this world, including quite simple and obvious ones as managing and even eradicating food shortages. However, this kind of...
I am fighting exactly the same problems from time to time. Three things that help me and might help you:  1) make sure you are eating enough and healthy foods 2) exercise (preferably in the...
It was just an example but of course USA is one of my many targets :P   *loads rifle*
There should be regulations on wage disparities within a company. For example, if you open Wallmart and it makes you a billionaire, you cannot keep paying your employees mere $8 an hour.
I have contemplated this, because my chosen field has few vacancies, even fewer permanent vacancies, a lot of pressure for publishing, and lots of very qualified people. But then I realized - I have...
I can do a boring job or a job I dislike if it pays well, no problem. For me a job is something I do to earn a living and serve society. It would be great to do something I love but it's not...
What straw men have I built? You agreed to everything I said about Daenerys, previously of course calling that too a terrible case of logical fallacy. You didn't agree to what I said about Ros,...
I wasn't referring to the quote but the regrettable post it was attached to.   Of course you didn't say that, I said that. The creators make a lot of good, strong female characters, but as soon as...
If he were dead, he'd turn around in his grave after your post.   Aren't all of you ''oh no, objectification!'' preachers the worst? As soon as you see a naked woman, you see her as a fucktoy or...
Wherever I go, there are always people calling me ''strange''. It's disappointing. I work so hard to try to fit in and not say bizarre things, and they're still onto me -_-'
Yes, saw it. Awesome. I don't think I've ever seen one before.
Yes, this concept is reality. Know the guy who dropped out of high school because he had this great script idea, and now at 40 he's still without a proper job, without family or real friends,...
Why do you move around so much? 30 cities is a lot. Don't you ever feel like staying in one place?
First I moved to another city, about 200 miles away. I didn't manage to leave behind that much (even though wanted to desperately), because the culture obviously was very similar, I ended up in the...
Yes, I did that recently - moved from North to West Europe. When I arrived, I knew absolutely nobody, had no permanent place where to live, no job, hardly any money (it lasted me ~2 months). It's not...
No, he's certainly not irrelevant. Freuds theories in their original form haven't survived the test of time (as nothing usually does) but they have been improved upon by other pscyhoanalysists, most...
Oh... Why would I be jealous about the attention these women get? I am very good looking and I know what pain in the ass it is when everywhere you go there will be someone asking you on a date right...
Read, sometimes watch cartoons/movies, hang out with friends, go to galleries and exhibits. But mostly read. Before moving to another country I used to go to a debate club all the time, but not...
Well, yes and no. I don't think that there necessarily is a link between a god existing and humans getting to experience afterlife, being judged etc. Also, it's very common for people to talk about...
Yes, if we can openly promote our dislike for someone and demonize them, then why cannot we openly promote our dislike for and demonize everyone? That's a very good question. I hope one day your..."


4614: 'entx
What phrases do we all use in common? I imagine that the way we word things might appear didactic to some, but to us just easy ways to preface information delivery.   I say things like I learned...
While I work on tech projects at home:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeESf9aCZHQ
INFJs are just much better versions of ISFJs for ENTPs. INFJs will get us, while having the good, sweet qualities of an ISFJ.
I think for the sake of understanding, the word serious needs to be defined further.
Good thread. Most people post about overly sensitive people but to me it's the overly serious people that are more annoying and obstructionist to our ways.
If you're not attracted to the INFJ then let her go. But if you find a stunningly beautiful INFJ then you should keep that one.. That's the golden ticket right there for ENTPs.
We wouldn't lead by brute force, but by sheer manipulation (for good or bad) and charisma. And we'd also influence things from the background. Kind of like valuable advisers to the main ESTJ/ENTJ...
That's not really OCD. You're just spotting and correcting some actual errors.
That's a lot of close friends.
Vsauce - YouTube
You use the word offensive, but the stuff we say isn't meant to be offensive--it's just the uncomfortable truth with a twist of humor. Most thin-skinned people will take offense at it because they...
Whoa, we've got a badass here.
Tosh is not an ENTP. What makes you think he's an ENTP?
Enlighten me.
You sure you're an ENTP? ENTPs definitely live inside their own head so they at least need some downtime.
How can you possibly get bored if you're an ENTP? Go learn something and apply your skills.
Workout and get really tired.
Having an invisible jaw is so mysterious.
So does this mean it's illogical to identify a frog specimen as either male or female? Both humans and frogs are animals, so why should the former be excluded from such classification?
Then how do you identify yourself? I mean, you are something. Might as well be male--if you are male.
I suffer from the same thing. The only solution I can think of is to pick ONE thing to do and do JUST that. Basically zero tolerance for multi-tasking.   This is how great works were done in the...
This is what happens to me. I could have a much larger and consistent group of friends than I do now, but I just don't put in the effort because the people, although nice, really bore me and add...
Trust me, sociopathy is a bad thing. Take this from someone who has a sociopath in the extended family. Sociopaths are public enemy #1. Sociopaths are predators that live to destroy. ENTPs may share...
I don't think it's about raw height per se, but proportions of body length relative to width that give the appearance of lankiness.
*hands up* You got me.. :)
We're slaves to the laws of physics and biochemistry. We want to survive and then thrive. We must anyway, lest entropy win out and we cease to exist.
Just curious. How old are you?
Good read. I would say Adam Carolla is an ENTP comedian. And I like how you dismiss Daniel Tosh as NOT an ENTP comedian because he's cruel for cruelty's sake and not very clever/insightful. A lot of...
It's probably a myth for ENTP female - INFJ male relationships. INFJ females work just fine for a dominant ENTP male.
You still have to study at least once, unless you're born with the knowledge.
I'll go after dumb girls (because they tend to be hot) but only if there isn't much work required, which is rare. :( I just want a harem of women on command.
You're going to get different answers from the male versus female ENTPs. Males are on average hornier and will not be as picky. I personally have a high sex drive and will get it as much as I can...
Sometimes I think I'm a really laid-back, goofy ENTJ by way of my Ne..
Chaos for chaos' sake? Not really. What will that accomplish?
Haha.. I just have a really high Fe via my upbringing. I know I'm not ENFP because I have very muted emotions and I don't gush at most things. I play chameleon very well though and I know when to...
How do we define being a dick to someone?
I'm not really a dick. Sometimes my truthisms, musings, jokes and teasing can be annoying to thin-skinned people. But that's just a byproduct of the bold truth hurting insecure people. But...
The guy was a typical ENTJ field-marshall. ENTJs can be creative and visionary too.
Sociopaths are rage-driven, impulsive, hostile and predatory. They actively seek out personal gain at the expense of other people before considering viable collaborative options. NTs may share some...
I agree. I'll gladly follow and listen to someone who is reasonable, pragmatic and has good vision, so long as they are respectful in their addressing me and their tone. Irrational, OCD-like...
How exactly do you destroy everything?
But why even manslaughter? Just because someone died? It was self-defense. Martin started (physically) attacking and he got put down. Zimmerman's zealousness is irrelevant--all Martin had to do was...
Zimmerman did not come after Trayvon with a gun. He a gun on him because he had a license to carry one.. He was neighborhood watch. Being suspicious was his job? Doesn't give anyone the right to try...
He doesn't really sound like an ESTP.. They generally don't take an interest in D&D and asking opinions on things. I could be wrong though.
The forensic evidence weighs heavily in favor of Zimmerman's self-defense defense. Trayvon Martin physically at tracked Zimmerman, and was beating down on his head so Zimmerman he pulled his piece...
And court wizards, alchemists and tinkerers were NTs.
Punching someone is not considered to be lethal force? You're naive. Anything can be used as a weapon, especially fists and raw physicality trained in MMA, which is what Trayvon showed in his adept...
Zimmerman was the organizer of the neighborhood watch. There were a string of break-ins and he was suspicious of hoodlums. He gave Trayvon shit because of his profile but the problem is when Trayvon...
It's pretty outrageous how the media focuses on this one case, but completely ignores all the black on black killings that go on in this country. 54 People Were Shot Dead In Chicago During The George...'"


4620: 'I second this idea. :)    I'm not sure that I'd say more loyal or even necessarily better focus. It's just a difference in how you perceive the world.  TBH, I feel like sensors (esp. Ses)...
A bit. I like it at first, but then it's so boring because a lot of it is rote memorization. But the parts that *aren't* rock. (And I've more or less picked up two.)
That's really too broad to work as a good definition. In that case, no one has culture yet everyone has it, simultaneously. (Often in multiples.)
I'd go for the same things that make for good employees in general:  1) Able to do their job  2) Willing to do their job (without me having to regularly remind them)  3) Able to do other jobs,...
I guess I'm unclear as to what the difference is.    Wouldn't that be a culture, too?  Let's be frank, there is no *single* cultural identity even within a culture. I could not point to a...
Yup.  It's impossible to not *have* some kind of culture. I mean, I'm probably not exactly the best representative of mine, but I'm still a product of it. I'm Californian. I speak English and some...
Probably that cheese with the maggots in it. It's pretty good...
I'm honestly not really sure. I think it's a combination of wanting to let things develop on their own (which, to be honest, I appreciate - I get annoyed at feeling like someone is trying to shoehorn...
That's what I do, FWIW. I've left relationships for careers. But I've also left careers for relationships. It's a logical decision either way, though. (i.e. which do I want more and which is going to...
Yeah. Although to be fair, while some of it is spark, I feel like there are personalities that tend to just sort of forget more easily than others, while others are much more invested in trying to...
Everyone?
I may have to try that. I've had a lot of (female) NFJ friends who are awesome, as they're like the best friends ever. (They show up, they <3 you...well, admittedly they <3 everyone, but still...they...
I agree with pretty much everything Geonerd said. :)  As far as being extroverted goes, IDK. I'm overly talkative, and I go bonkers if I'm not doing something (generally in about 5 seconds). I...
You'd think. Weirdly I  haven't found this to be the case so far with either (it's been pretty normal, I guess?), but that really does seem to be going against type. Hmm.  I'm now going to spend the...
It can be fun. They tend to be witty little f%^*ers. I've also found that the drama tends to be low, since neither of us takes anything personally. Generally there's this HUGE intellectual spark, at...
I  have a question for the peanut gallery. :)  Anyway, just started sleeping with (sort of dating, sort of not, look, it's *complicated*) someone I'm almost 100% certain is an ENTP. (This man is...
Estp
I question everything. I *especially* question people declaring their love. A lot of people do it to manipulate someone else, I've found. Not all, but I'm cautious.  (It doesn't help that there's...
Generally. Not always. If it's a place I really like or really hate, I'll generally write one. Also, if I notice that somewhere has no reviews, but I've been there, I'll usually throw something in. ...
I'm pretty bad at this, too. Sometimes I know I like someone...but often enough I don't. (Or I like them intellectually but feel nothing physical for them or vice versa.) I also tend to go either way...
NOT SLAGATHOR! ANYTHING BUT SLAGATHOR.  This is so traumatizing, I think I'll  never be able to post again.
This, obviously.
I think it's because they know we want it, so aren't giving it to us.  Those other lousy signs are giving us a taste of our own medicine. I don't like them. We should invade them.
I'll be nice and solve this one for you...  First, remember process order - logs take precedence over multiplication, so what you really have is 5 * (2^x) = 90  Let's simplify a bit more. That 5...
Yeah, I've seen a bit of the same with xSTJs, although I'm disinclined to say all. (And I think they try to be objective, just objective without the same interest at looking at a situation from all...
Yep.  I also have quite a few ENFP friends who will go into hysterics about some little thing because it hurt their ~*feels*~ (i.e. a friend sort of blew off a casual plan or whatever), but then...
I'm sorry for your loss. That sucks. Really sucks.  I know for me, when I've had to deal with death, I tend to feel really numb for a while and I think people think I don't care (even though I do),...
Yeah, this is where I'm driven crazy, at least by some feelers. (I feel like more mature ones don't do this, or do less of it.)  I don't mind that people have feelings. We all do. This is expected....
I think it may depend on the feeler, but it's such a foreign way of thinking to me that I honestly can't understand it. I think the closest I can come is when something makes me irrationally upset,...
Yep. I will be perfectly offended if someone is trying to do so. But if it's just a matter of misunderstanding, why not clear it up and move on? No hysterics needed.
Pretty much. I mean, I suppose that if your goal is to rip someone apart because you're a vicious human who enjoys hurting others, go for it...but at least be honest that this is your intention. (And...
Eh, none of us is *perfectly* objective. But I do feel like thinkers aim towards objectivity as a goal. Feelers, on the other hand, don't even seem to care about trying to disentangle their feelings...
For me, Fe is in large part being a kinder, sensitive, more charming person to those I know. It's things like remembering someone's interests (and asking about them) vs. just going on and on about my...
Hah hah hah. I'd have a lot of fun with that!    Yeah, the same.   I also feel like I'm called a dick a lot for trying to offer helpful advice. Like, if someone is doing something *really*...
Yeah, I do the same thing. Being around people who treat every event like an emotional maelstrom drain me. (And I find it hard to take someone seriously who acts as though *everything* is a BFD. No,...
I could see that. :) Although to be fair, I think Ts in general are pretty willing to bluntly call people on stuff that's obnoxious/offensive/whatever.
Ditto. Being mean to someone just to be mean is petty...    Weirdly I used to go more for the throat. Now I find it a bit more fun to dance around and wait for them to utterly screw up. But it...
I also just get *annoyed* with people and it's fun to push their buttons if they've been absolute twits. (Such as when a guy is a misogynist a$$, I really want to call him on it. I can do that...
We're willing to argue. We're willing to argue stuff we don't even believe in (as it helps us understand the other side, which to me, at least, is *really* interesting). We're also unconventional, so...
Very tangential is definitely something I'd associate with ENTPs. We'll start with a long conversation about reports, then jump to paper, then to the paper industry in China in the 14th century, then...
Eh, though, this is why that Si is vital to develop.  IDK, I feel like I didn't do as well as I should have in my early career because I had the speshul snowflake syndrome of assuming that I was...
Oh, price is rarely the *key* factor. Value is. Value involves a lot of things that can be gleaned from networking. (i.e. will you offer me good technical service because you're competent? Will you...
It does depend, but I'd be loathe to say even then that personality is generally the *key* factor. I mean, I *like* it if my accountant is someone I get along with...but I don't really want to be...
Not really. Think of the last thing you bought. It was probably at a store and you probably bought it because you needed/wanted it.  In fact, you likely had little to no personal interaction when...
I find that's easier to do with any project once I'm really good at it. IDK. When I start any new hobby, it's *really* hard to instantly grasp the big picture/what I'm trying to do because I just...
That's a good analogy for where I am right now. I *can* write it, but I feel like I'm trying to do it one note at a time, which is pretty laborious. (And the results are pretty iffy.)  But I sew...
Challenging. I've written a couple of songs, and it's been slow (and kind of painful) going, with creating a melody, slowly adding in chords, lyrics, whatever...  But with that said, I've only...
I make a real effort, as I had a lot of health problems in my teens (which weirdly have all resolved by now...), and I know that monitoring them is the best way to avoid having something seriously...
It's just you. I generally do not like it when business colleagues try to be my friends. I have actual friends, TYVM. I really *don't* want to discuss my love life, political views, or much of...
Not at all. I have a few close friends. I just also have lots of friends who aren't close.    Yes, but they're not close friends, they're just friends or acquaintances or activity buddies.   ...'"


4644: 'You know that children's story about the and and the cricket? Well, we ENTPs are the cricket. Given the opportunity, we'll usually pick to have fun now, think of and deal with the consequences and...
Magneto and Professor X are both INFJs, I'll fight you on this.:angry:  My fav, Cable is an ISTJ I think.   I just read the last issue of Spurrier's Legacy, awesome book. Legion is an ENTP....
I recently realized that a good friend of mine is an ENTP (unless it's ENFP, but probably not). We're both kinda attracted to each other, and it's sort of an unspoken understanding between us that,...
Where the hell is the god among colors - Bright Pink?
Whoop, I'm convinced. There were a few places where I felt like you misinterpreted ENTPs to make the type seem more incompatible with how Dirk is, but overall, I'm pretty sold.   I wish I could...
Why is everyone so sure Daryl is an ISTP? Doesn't ISFP fit much better? The man oozes Fi, and in accordance with his Fi values he gets practical shit done using his Se and Te.  Andrea is ENFJ....
I noticed this too and it can be annoying, but I also agree with what @agamemnon said.  For myself, I'm always aware that, say, in threads asking opinions on ENTP subforum, what people are asking...
As far as Fe development goes... in my experience it's like moving from some mindset of really dumb social darwinism to realizing the worth of the people around you and the value of kindness toward...
It's a double edged sword for me. Sometimes it's great motivation, it makes me willing to do certain things more modest people would think was beyond their abilities, or get really pumped about...
Yeah, we are among the types that tend to get the coolest fictional characters, only, if the character's smart, INTJs will instantly claim them as an INTJ; if they're fun, people will brand them ENFP...
C'mon, ideas is a generous word, that guy's suggestions were brain farts at best. Really, this thread is kinda ridiculously megalomaniacal by its very subject; if there's a huge unsolved problem in...
Yeah, that's exactly what's starting to bore me. I get that this show is supposed to be obviously tropy and formulatic about these things on purpose, but it's really getting out of control. It became...
Actually, daylight saving time is a solution to a problem. We started moving clocks primarily to save energy, because more of people's awake time concedes with daylight that way, and on a global...
We really like winning arguments too.  If there's a difference, it's more along the lines that ENTJs like to win by proving what they're saying is how things really are, we like winning by proving...
C'mon, asking me this is like asking a parent if they have a favorite kid, even if they do they don't want to admit it even to themselves. But ok, I'll say it's my little sister (ISFP), because...
Newt from Pacific Rim is like a character made of the crudest ENTP stereotypes possible, inside and out.  He looks like a nerd, but a messy, clumsy, and also sort of cool and quirky nerd. And he...
Oldie but a goodie: growing old.:crazy: Death too I guess, but the process is even worse. Like Tom Waits said, we're decomposing as we go, and isn't that the most fucking depressing thing in this...
Yeah, came here to say this. Can't say I'm good at cooking, but everything I cook (or make, cook might be a bit of a stretch here...) tastes good, and that's good enough for me.
Don't really know any ESFPs up close, but I can say I love ISFPs. It's kinda strange, most of ISFPs I'm close with are the people who came into my life by chance, and we got too attached to each...
INTJs. It seems I'm the only ENTP who hates their guts, but we don't see eye to eye on anything. Plus, they tend to have a huge, unwarranted superiority complex, and such certainty that they're Right...
This is a really good way of putting it I think, it's like that for me too. Generally, I feel like there's a difference between spending time by yourself, and spending time with yourself. Spending...
Yeah, definitely. I keep a mirror next to my PC screen and I look at it periodically for some reason and, uh, feel great  whenever I see myself... It's a weird thing I guess, a part of it is  just my...
A lot of NTs seem to have mixed up intelligence and analytical-ness (ironically enough). Basically, the difference between NTs and other types isn't in intelligence (meaning ability), it's in focus...
I know as many ISTPs stuck in a Ti/Ni loop as not, in my experience the dom/tert loop is most common in ISTPs for some reason, not sure what's that about...  A lot of ISTPs stuck in this loop, and...
She's not an ISTP, that's 100% sure.  She's either an ISFP or some NF, I can't tell more because I barely saw like a few quotes from her, I'm not really a fan.
- religiously watching: Adventure Time (my favorite) The Walking Dead (my second favorite) Bob's Burgers Parks and Recreation Nikita Lost Girl Elementary Sleepy Hollow Girl Code
Oh man, Richard is definitely an INTP. Look at this, friggin hilarious:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9K-vGns5frk&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=9m54s (start at 9:54 if it doesn't start there on its own) ...
I lie a lot, I can't really take the moral high-ground on this one. All my lies are small(ish) lies of convenience, though. Basically just giving myself excuses for things I was/am too lazy or...
I play games a lot, but I don't play a lot of games. Honestly, games for the sake of, like, the standard mechanics of gameplay don't interest me at all, the simple ones are too repetitive and boring,...
I dunno man, normally I'd complain that we're being unfairly slandered, but it's currently 5am, my alarm is going off in 2 hours, and I'm rewatching Farscape episode after episode and eating a party...
I do this a lot too, analyse what my appearance conveys to others and play around with it to manipulate reactions. My mostly IxTP friends don't have enough Fe to gauge how different people will...
One of the really good tells for me is that ENTPs are masters of analogies, while ENFPs are masters of metaphors.  From what I've seen, people are always impressed with this in both types, and for...
Lucky for my INTP friends, I'm an ENTP, I'm pretty sure most other types would be constantly pissed off by the heights of your social irresponsibility. Getting together with INTPs is really...
Richard Ayoade (and every character he ever played), equal measure smart, hilarious, quirky and socially awkward.  I just started watching Garth Marenghis Darkplace, it's.... something that...
Do other ENTPs iron their clothes?  I suppose the ones working in very formal settings would have to, at least for work, but other than when necessary? I barely ever iron anything (only if it's...
Professor X and Magneto are both clear-cut INFJs, c'mon...
That's a lot of words and feeling analysis for an ISTP. You seem to be an introverted Fe user and you don't sound like an INFJ, so see how ISFJ fits you?  Actually, I'm not sure on the Fe thing, it...
I think Severide has to be a Se dom, he's just so rash and in the moment, never considering the consequences before acting. I'd guess ESFP, I think he has Fi+Te over Ti+Fe.  Otis is an ENTP, Chief...
I think it's about developing all four of your functions rather than over-relying on just Ne+Ti: learning to embrace your Fe rather than devaluing it and denying it, and learning to utilize you Si...
I like them... from afar. It's pretty tasking to have a relationship with them, I feel like I'm walking on egg shells all the time trying not to hurt them. It's not just that they're ridiculously...
I love this show  Frank - ENTP Lip - ENTP Fiona - INFP Debbie - ??? Ian - ISFJ Carl - ESTP Veronica - ESTJ? Kevin - ISFP
It's been a few seasons since 2010, anyone interested in resurrecting this thread?  I just started marathoning this show, I'm on season 3, but I'm really interested in what their types are.
Secure and dismissive ones, I can't relate to the other 2 at all. On day to day basis I'm mostly the secure one, but when things go south in relationships I've been known to sometimes sort of jump...
Is there a debate team or something similar in your school/community that you could join? Anything involving debating, politics, computer science or math should have quite a few NTs; arts, book clubs...
Well, our culture is obsessed with youth anyway, so I think most people feel like that to a degree, but I think us ENTPs (along with maybe ESTPs) are probably the most likely type to be hit by this,...
Christ, this is exactly what my every relationship with an ISTP is/was like. Once upon a time, I thought they were some kind of extremely secretive people, but I've since learned they're just...
I don't know... He was most often typed as an ENFP I think, but I'd guess he's a Fe+Ti (or Ti+Fe) perceiver, I don't see any Fi in him. I'm not sure if he's uses Se or Ne, although that leads me to...
I think there's probably like a three digit number of threads on this subforum with that exact same title, we're terrible. Fucking hopeless. :frustrating:  A week is not that long, it's probably...
I'm very quick to indulge in and show what I consider to be irrelevant emotions. But it's a take it or leave it situation for me - I could constrain my emotions (both within myself and in displaying...
I'm a Ne dom and I think he's right, and I'd probably say those in his place too. If you ask me, he's not basing it on meaningless occurences, he's basing it on having noticed many pretty...'"


4646: 'Te = I want this done right. Ti = I want things to make sense.
do you consider the INTP as a good colleague to have around?  Yes, absolutely. My best friend is an INTP so I might be biased but I just enjoy being with him. We can talk about almost everything,...
For my high school friends that have stayed with me for these 3 years and hopefully will continue to be, because I'm going away to another country in a month.  Darlings  Time has swept me off my...
Thank you for the kind words! And yes, out of all four the 2015 one has the most fleshed out eyes, but everything else is wacky. I didn't know enough of face structures to lay out the shadows right....
http://orig12.deviantart.net/3c79/f/2017/162/5/e/fenton_by_malphigus-dbccgy2.jpg  A part of this improvement series: ...
I'd like to add!  BBC's Merlin  Merlin - INFP Arthur - ESTP Guinevere - ISFJ Morgana - INFJ Gaius - INTP Lancelot - ISFP
I know right?? Mumps is just so... mumpsy. :tongue:  Right on! Though a lot of my friends mistake me for being ENFP, or ESTP like you said, or even ESFP!
My turn!  1. My favourite word is mumps. It just sounds funny. Mumps mumps mumps.  2. I like to sleep and daydream and listening to music most of the time. And reading too, reading about...
1.- I'm a smart, slighty flamboyant guy with a taste for trolling my real life friends. Very excentric and yet surprisingly smart. ENTP vibes. Ne Ti here.  2.- Most of the time I act out of fun,...
13, ENTP.  If it were a test for ADHD then it's another story entirely,...
I see things as an indicator for other things, namely people. When I see a person and their characteristics, I imagine their past (what made them that way) and then their future (what could they...
a continuation of  this  http://orig02.deviantart.net/c33b/f/2016/171/2/c/2cfa922fac1045a47365110c490a83ef-da6x6gu.png
Some CA:CW pin designs for an upcoming local con:  http://img07.deviantart.net/25c1/i/2016/160/4/e/captain_america__civil_war_pin_set__by_malphigus-da5k63n.png
anyone excited for civil war? heres a warm up stucky :D  http://orig09.deviantart.net/6daf/f/2016/126/2/3/i_hooked_up_with_captain_america_by_malphigus-da1io1d.png
https://67.media.tumblr.com/8881e00c7943dbe1324e3bc6f74a4c6e/tumblr_o6j581Ohel1sli5k3o1_1280.png  https://65.media.tumblr.com/4a41dcbdaf9ab655b3bb5d7035f385ad/tumblr_o6j581Ohel1sli5k3o2_1280.png ...
1. I cry easy. Not that I'm super sensitive or something, but tears just gather in my eyes really quickly. 2. I respect some norms... some actually do have a point and they're worth preserving. 3....
a follow-up of gay space ponies  http://orig01.deviantart.net/32b9/f/2016/051/2/d/in_the_heart_of_space_by_malphigus-d9sjdrc.png
lol I realise that I'm the class clown by this thread  I just wanna lighten the atmosphere and waste some time so a lot of times when I make the whole class laugh, the teacher told us some anecdote...
entp digital artist  mostly (if not all the time xD) does fanart  http://orig08.deviantart.net/71b8/f/2015/352/5/7/heavenly_by_maltese101-d9kixc6.png ...
i like star trek and i like ponies that's not weird k thx bai  http://orig09.deviantart.net/7cf5/f/2016/038/b/e/gay_space_ponies_by_malphigus-d9qv370.png  lol. Srsly. gay space ponies ftw
Any type that don't ask the question about what type is the most cunning.
istx   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqOmlipOGe0
http://40.media.tumblr.com/4811b69e280b79982e3aa50fdc8c9184/tumblr_nzooo7NtKU1sli5k3o1_1280.png  is it creepy i didn't realise it's creepy xD
Jean Valjean from Les Miserables.  Danny Archer from Blood Diamond.
American Beauty (1998). Fucked up movie and I love it.
INTJ   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8-OWeDPskU
Er.... ESTJ.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZqCjzg5M0k
Thrice now, actually! I didn't expect all of them but glad all the same :)
can I just say that your avatar is the most fab thing ive ever laid my eyes on @_@
No man I'm not drunk
Yup. I forgot her sun butt. :frustrating: Should be there now.
http://orig08.deviantart.net/71b8/f/2015/352/5/7/heavenly_by_maltese101-d9kixc6.png  a redraw of Evening Flight by maltese101 on DeviantArt
You have good taste, but I don't think you're there yet if you want to make a living out of art. I'm not speaking as someone who do it or an illustrator but I've done commissions and I can say, you...
That life inherently has no meaning.  It's just meant to be lived.
http://fav.me/d9e2wvm  as an artist comparing yourself and feeling down because of it is an everyday occurrence. Well, even tho I'm not there yet, it's nice to know that someday, maybe I will :)
Yeah, okay, I think that's enough shots for tonight.
http://img15.deviantart.net/3fbd/i/2015/221/b/e/ant_man_by_ramida_r-d94z0me.jpg by ramida-r on dA
I didn't expect to see you here! I dig your animations :D And goodluck on your comic!
Asking questions is pointless though! Things are just are!
When people ask whether your drunk or not because of all the stupid-ass comments you make. Randomly.
Bahasa Indonesia! :kitteh:  Hello - Halo/Hai  Goodbye - Selamat tinggal/sampai jumpa Yes - Iya No - Tidak Please - Tolong Thank you - Terima kasih  Indonesian has a fixed pronunciation, with...
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.   Charles Bukowski
Braveheart (1995) Good music. And just seeing how it was back then in the 1000's. Good for a historical drama.
it's been like forever since i drew something (not just lazy sketches) school is too much for me smh but anyway... here's fluttershy! :kitteh: ...
Mom ESFJ Dad INTJ Sister INTJ Me ENTP  being the only P in the family sucks... who's the one with trouble? Me.. who's the most irresponsible? Who else. Who's the most childish one?? You guessed...
1. Writers that tell the readers directly instead of showing it through writing. She is a lonesome woman. vs. She looks to the corner of the study, where all her old books and notes were piled up...
Aww, thanks! :kitteh: No problem, I really like doing analysis. Haha, thank you! :tongue:
Firstly I just wanna say that I'm an artist and I've studied colour theory and its psychology. So if the colouring's off in some of these types, it's because I didn't have enough understanding about...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyP2B1Exg_0
istp'"


4649: '[quote=agokcen;398366]I call it letting out the inner crazy.  Mine's been a bit too out-in-the-open lately....Methinks it's time for it to return to the cage.  People are starting to notice. ...
SOOO TRUE!!!!:crazy:
creepy habit, I manage most of the time to do it without sound, but then I will act out with facial expressions... I CANNOT help it almost, it just sneaks out.... :crazy: Quite sure I look like I've...
just got my new mobile today and have fiddled with it for 7 hours straight now... I'm going bananas... soooo incredibly hooked!!! is this me, or an ENT?FP thing? how about you people?
and you are pekinese size.. :crazy:
this post sounds like you might be a perfectionist, looking for the absolute truth, denying yourself the support you might find. Having to prove in the end nothing makes sense. How does it help you...
ENTP score, but like you said, last time you did the test you were in a bad mood and got a different result. You have to take the rest of your life into the equation and see if you can decipher a...
Rafael is right, in my previous post I overlooked one sentence of yours and set you off on the wrong track, excuse me.  INTP  dominant Ti secondary Ne tertiary S forth/inferior Fe  ENTP...
No, quite right, however, personality says something about preferences and inclinations, it is not an exact science, like you are no robot. For you to decide looking at your whole life, seeing what...
yep, sorry I'm dutch :crazy:
Keys 2 Cognition - Cognitive Processes
mmm ESPF... not a total surprise, however.. I can see the influences of everyday life strongly. Both my job (coaching people) and setting up my own business and being a single mom for three kids...
any truth can be argued
rather caviar or fries? :shocked:
ROTFLMAO :wink: chill little ones, we just want to welcome you to our world, now that you have become visible...
aaawww you two, if you would have said nothing you would have gone unnoticed, now you have just drawn my attention :laughing:
then again, heavily under the influence, they don't perform nearly good enoughl :crazy:  find yourself a mature one, if you ask me, i prefer the alive & kicking variety
yep for sure, all the time, not so much the breaking part though :laughing:
wouldn't it be much more fun if all these bitches would go snuffe... whatever... lmao
pain...mmm... try before you die, as you undoubtedly will as a submissive :laughing:
I HATE it when you get all I on this, spill your guts :laughing:
let me be more specific, as sub my stop word will be STOP, when Dom I don't need one :-D and depending on the sub, I will decide the stopword that's best suited  and roleplay...  mwah... not too...
trust us ENTP's (XNTP's included) to try everything eventually :-D and it's all good Speaking for myself :-D I do love being in charge, on top, whatever way you want to put it. However, the biggest...
ROFL LMAO... a question for all of you staring ENTJ's? Did it ever work with a real ENTP? :laughing:
Hell yes.. sounds like my mom...  didn't I tell you so, the youngest of the kids, with two older brothers I could get away with murder with my dad. Me and my mom, a whole different ball game. Only...
I do believe that the ENTP are the most introverted of the E types.  What you said about girlfriends @Lightning really struck a cord. All my life until fairly recently, all my best friends have been...
thinking about this some more kind of brings the old prayer back  Grant me the serenity to accept the things I  cannot change,  the courage to change the things I can,  and the wisdom to know the...
I came across an article recently that described the difficulties we are faced with when attempting cultural change. Although we can provide arguments, change processes, changing how people feel...
I stand corrected. Let me rephrase, what I fear most are the possible consequences of stupidity and ignorance.
same sort of thing does come with a sound in google chat though... it's not really a question, more a suggestion
1. when are  you people going to discover that you can have private chat, look on your own profile, bottom right corner, thingy that says who's online and click on it, and presto you can chat live...
the lovelier the procrastination... seduction at it's finest
cool thought, upclose and personal in a flash and gone again before you know it
personally I didn't mind the lovelies that much, love the bulb though :laughing:
love it when you talk theory with me :laughing:
selffulfilling prophecy catch... if you fear opening up to hurt you will not open up to love either once you truely experience love however, you will not hurt again... that's a fact:laughing:
and why would that have to mean you're screwed for life??
the power of Ni or Ne just won't be denied :happy:
ow dear me, I've been married twice, had some more friends and stilll never really connected on all levels, or so it seemed.  I can now honestly say I have met a guy whom I really love in the most...
and your Fe is coming along quite nicely as well, so far you've made me feel most recognized here :laughing: twinsister :cool:
you're probably too hard on yourself, Si is definitely there, take time to consider how in your work you will use that to work with clients.
he definitely rocks though :laughing:
ooowww rub it in, why don't you :laughing:
I quite like solving these riddles actually :laughing:
owww nasty :laughing:
haha.. I've got some years on you, we are a minority however, unfortunately :laughing:
hahahahaah YES, YES and YESS again  I just love how music can trigger memories as well, you make me understand why I love my current male INFJ sooo much :laughing:
same triad here, I love being alone for quite some time, I do crave being out there just a tad more, it does give me more energy then hacking it on my own. with the F and T...  a good friend of mine...
actually I think an ENTJ would probably be the best match for me... where to find me one is the question that remains :cool:
another weird thing comes back, whenever we were driving in the car, passing trees or lampposts, I would hum a song in my head, the beat would have to coincide with the passing of the trees...'"


4666: 'Hahahaha, you guys are hilarious. I suppose I should do that, I don't quite understand myself all too well anywho. As to the, 'Making stuff up as you go that happens to be correct/make sense, I...
After taking about a dozen personality tests over the course of about two months I came to the conclusion of being an INTP, although unwillingly. A few things stood out to me that I didn't agree...
Nothing too fancy My dream goal is pretty simple (not necessarily to achieve). I want a family, and a good earning to live comfortably. I'd like money to not be an issue, so I can treat my family...
I love you, because Elephant Six, and because OTC.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzpnWuk3RjU
Well, I don't actually flirt, or atleast use the conventional method of flirting. What I won't do is initiate, I'm not a great initiator unless I'm speaking with someone who's catching my drift....
Mhm, Grateful Dead is amazing. You're welcome; spread those wings of musical appreciation and download that album. It'll make you feel good when you're not.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sE_hm9qKRyc
You could technically find any MBTI type anywhere at any given time.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXJWO2FQ16c   If I could only fit the amount of music I listen to in about an hour in one post.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rF8khJ7P4Wg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jM7Dyno2v0A
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FTa_TSov38
This is kind of dead for a Deathmatch (No pun intended.). Where's all the aggressive text correspondence?
Morality and the transverse of values are something I find to be almost completely subjected. Personally, I've drawn meaning from the cultural values my parents (and society) imposed on me,...
All I learned from traditional public US Schooling was regurgitation and reiteration. The school system in my state is not necessarily poorly funded, it's just the lack of attention, and willingness...
And here I am, shuffling in place uncomfortably, pondering on why I'd ever want emotional propinquity, and why I'm doomed to never escape the temptation of something so carnal. (Not to be mistaken...
[CENTER]Why has this even become something so difficult to dissmiss s.o.s to mcollective consciousness i come as: Much less capable to create something of significance  Initiating unison with...
I dislike questioning everything from questioning something. Some altercation will arise, I'll think about it, I'll think about how I felt towards the argument, the person, etc. I'll find a fault...
Thank you! I should have both of those things by the end of December if not sooner, I'll make sure to post a few of my work in progress clips on PerC, so have a lookout. :) I actually have audacity...
I'm enjoying. I'm planning on starting on an EP as soon as I get a good microphone and amp for my Bass. I really like this style. Is that real video footage sped up by any chance?
Serotonin plays a large role within one aspect of human behavior, and that is generally mood. For example, Irregular levels of serotonin (and several other chemical imbalances) are commonly found in...
Native language is Spanish. I've become much more fluent in English though.
I'm usually always just jamming> Yay for being constantly unoccupied.
That was a bit convoluted, but once I understood what you were going with I actually laughed a little. Yeah, you're totally right. By your theorem we're all effectively lying, some more effectively...
Guu You sound like you have absolutely no idea what you're talking about. Stop perpetuating the dumb propaganda. Very few drugs are actually bad for you, but not nearly as much as they're...
Maturity is a bullshit social construct. We're all kids pretending to know what the fuck we're doing.
Research Chemicals actually put me on to my desired field of study, which is chemistry. Because I was so cautious with what I was putting into my body I absorbed every bit of information on the...
I completely respect this, on so many levels. I've always personally felt that whatever I decide to do with my life will be objectively memorable, at least a little. I'm not particularly striving...
I'm an avid Marijuana and Tobacco smoker, I've thoroughly dabbled in psychedelics ( A LOT), I don't fancy alcohol too much. I'm just a sad shit trying to find some external sense of inner normalcy,...
My cat makes the most adorable noises when I cuddle him. My cat's so cute. c:
My kin would kill each other in a fit of sexual frustration. I have very, very little hope for a society built by multiples of me. It'd the former or we'd reach a Utopian state of perpetual love...
Well, I wear graphic band tee's, have a few drug-related T-Shirts; in fact my favorite t-shirt is a black t-shirt that reads LSD Problem Child Wonder Drug. I also often wear skate shoes, mainly...
I apologize for not ever taking anything seriously, including this, which I also apologize for, but I'm not seriously apologizing with intent, I'm just apologizing to apologize. sorry.
I'm just lazy, honestly. I'm not even going to try and justify the means I take to do anything other than what I want to do seriously. Efficacy, and efficiency are really my motif anyway....
Not to diminish your situation, but depression is a little more than just the temporal downs, exemplified here with your relationship/situational conflict. A venting thread, I think would've been...
86031 I know I look somewhat hippie-ish, but this is my usual attire, and what I'm usually doing.  I don't know very many INTP musicians, I wonder where I could find them. Anyway, considering this...
Not particularly, I'll remind my close friend, and whoever else cares to ask. I honestly get anxious just thinking about my birthday, I don't necessarily like the attention, but I don't dislike it...
Well, when I communicate, my main objective is efficacy. I can't seem to level with anyone incapable of understanding my casual vernacular, which is pretty much this. It takes more of an effort to...
Adult Swim has transformed into this psychedelic, edm, elctronica driven platform, even the TV shows are like that. I have to say I fucking adore Adult Swim. China, IL, takes the gold for me. MY...
@Lycanized I sincerely doubt that's entirely legitimate, although I catch your drift, must suck (or no since you're probably not an avid substance user hence, what you said.)  Also,...
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Theme - Jon BrionAside from this being a great movie, it has a great soundtrack. John Obrion is a great musician. I've able to really vibe with this theme...
I Am a Strange Loop by Douglas Hofstadter  It's an incredibly interesting book, but it's such a boring read at the same time. I can't seem to find another way to explain it without the oxymora....
This poem's kind of silly, really.  The Fibonacci Conifer Devouring The Spiral Number (Phi)nding God and Gold   The Fibonacci Conifer, spiraling  The Fibonacci conifer, perpetuating The...
85342 Yes, the pose was intentional, I had something In mind when I took this. Anywho, I'm an airplane, y'all.
As opposed to the conventional use of 'venting', which under my definition, means diddling about day to day disturbances; I'll just collect a list of ideas that have been perpetuating themselves...'"


4667: 'INTJ - I don't know who you are but I hate you anyway  ENTJ - YOU RACK DISPRINE  INTP - ..............I'm just gonna play video games  ENTP - I have no bad qualities what are you on about?
DID YOU GUYS SEE THAT MOVIE UP?  THAT MADE ME CRY :'(  now I'm sad and want to runaway, what's Turkey/Japan/Montreal like this time of year?  oo now I'm excited and want to go do stuff, lets...
Night time brain dumps, I have a note book 3/4 full of these next to my bed.   -I know too many people named Cam  -How do they make that rough look with out looking homeless?  -Who is salt?  -I...
Mum(ESFJ): The dog ate 3 balls today, they were in the backyard, flat as at tack  Me: Flat as a tack? that doesn't make any sense, flat as a bat, flat as a mat,  flat as a mat, that makes more...
20 Great Moments In Standup Comedy
for all matter soft skills I refer to Dr.kelso's wisdom
Yes I'm a native English speaker but I was taught french in primary school and found it easier to count in french and then translate into English
I have this slightly annoying habit where its easier for me to count in any language other than english
guyz, you dont get the subtle abusurdity that is english humour
@plantofail  more followers = the more I'm convinced of my own divinity
I own 2 dogs, well I don't own them my rents do and their not actually mine their my rents also  So, what kind of dogs do you have? i have 2 mutts ones a Jack russell X Fox terrier Named Jack and...
congratulations on completing another lap of the sun
Progress report! STAT!
I don't like doing the figure four because my foot always winds up falling asleep and since my legs are very long( I 'm like 6'3) I don't have the flexibility in my hips to sit cross legged...
Fill a list with buckets
I'm not really sure what to think, I mean its a horrible tragedy but my thoughts turn to  what kind of person does this? and is it preventable in future? and does me feeling bad actually help...
I cant remember where I'm butchering this quote from so if anyone knows please tell me basically it says if you're not growing and changing, you're dying  I think its innately human to grow and...
How Psychological projections work, my current model is that they work like a pinhole camera  that a 6 year old in japan has a better command over the Japanese language than I do  The things that...
I am an excellent driver, I make mistakes like any other human does but their all minor and have no real consequences. Sometimes my passengers don't agree with me but what do they know? I live in my...
I typically find that bitching and moaning when I'm bored makes it worse.  So the things I do to stave off boredom are Practice martial arts Cram some more Japanese into my head, it doesn't have...
I habitually convince people that I'm a nice polite person
1/3 Italian, 1/3 German, 1/3 Scottish, 100% Aussie mutt  So I drink a lot and pay careful attention to details that make things break and blow up
I never have until I read the title
53239 Me+ ESTJ dad in a Dark hut somewhere in burma circa 2012 53238 Me at my 21st a few months ago 53236 My attempt at doing a selfie on speed boat which felt like 100kph 53237 me + ENTP...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8E5EtDlE2gg mmm Neon Trees nom nom nom nom
Eban pagen better known as David deAngelo http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20070316170831/uncyclopedia/images/8/8d/Deangelo_sad.png A self-diagnosed INTP
I can tell your personality type just by looking at you're eyes * hug* so you don't feel freaked out when i stare at you for a minute
Power! 51583
I'm sorry, sorry, sorry everyone, its just that and I'm sorry for this but i think that this is a bit mean and I'm sorry for thinking that
I was amazed when I found out that since my great grandad was from Italy we called up the consulate and answered a bunch of questions and it turns out I can
where to begin  I make up some random fact and try and get people to believe it e.g  you know when you sleep your heart stops for 45 minutes If something wont work for me Ill proclaim Fuck you!...
You can't spend all day inside  Your dominant function is extroverted, the same with your tertiary   You talk to inanimate objects and animals when you're alone
should I avoid using that word because in reality there is no shoulds and should nots there is only what is and what isn't   you can't do X when ever someone says that, default response is but...
something something Vegemite sandwich
I guess would be a vagabond with a lot of money, Would explore each country until i got bored and moved onto the next.  i would hire mentors to help me develop the skills i wish to master,...
I think its a good idea, but the MBTI is one tool for understanding people and should be treated as such and not put fall into such traps like say Oh you're an extrovert so I'm going to put you...
Wait scratch that  i have a better idea   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9EGjebCO5Y
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYVlx3vnu8I Nuff said
sounds sexy rocket.pike
Yard work *shudders* Accounting Sports, i can sit through an AFL game without too much pain and Ive been known to watch the odd V8 super cars race  GOLF, this one deserves special mention The...
dawww shucks you shouldn't have
This happened a couple of years ago:  So I was in the Melbourne CBD for a friends birthday I got out at about 2am, being the genious I am i left a marker in my phones gps so I could remember where...
Mystery gives me a very INTJ vibe,  Also I love how everybody like to throw their opinion of the pua community in with it, save it for the debate form guys (and girls)  If you've read the book...
43556
also candy.... candy boobs :)
www.enfpforum.com/enfpforum/Portals/0/MBTI Pics/Types/NF NT.jpg
The Red Queen: Sex and the Evolution of Human Nature By Matt Ridley (Matt Ridley himself has been typed as an ENTP but I'm a bit skeptical) but facinating book regardless  The selfish gene by...
Dear my ESFJ boss,  I know its polite to smile at me everytime I make eye contact with you, but after a while it becomes downright creepy  Sincerely, Your ENTP colleague  Dear SJ's  I Know...
Needyness to me is being really insecure, I know everyone is insecure to some degree its part of being human but being really insecure and not having an idea of who you are, looking to others to make...
Be needy, lie, constatly seek validation, talk about things with exquisite detail such as the mundane details of your life, avoid ideas concepts and anything new   Pro-tip: dont do any of this'"


4674: 'I actually feel very similar to what you described yourself feeling like. I have thought about therapy though I've never had the money for it. And like you said I've already diagnosed my problems. ...
I finish the exam with a different pen and immediately afterward seek out a black light. I go back to the classroom and try to explain the situation to the teacher (hopefully he'll understand). Then...
Pros Passionate Good to hear different viewpoints Keeps my psychopathy in check  Cons Irrational Clingy I don't fully understand them
I'm not one myself but I do know a isfp atheist. I think she probably is cause she was raised atheist.
Something along the lines of this  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-jALEVEo9k
That's right. Pepperidge farm was behind it. And I think Fred the Christmas egg was in on it too. (You'll get it if you watched the video)
Personally I think Elizabeth is an ENTP. Booker appears to be an ISTJ. Lutece Twins I think are also ENTP's. Though more stereotypical ENTP than Elizabeth. Comstock I think is an INFJ. Daisy...
Hey Aya I apologize for lateness. I have very little information on how to navigate this site.
I would insult you but your apathy shield is impenetrable.
Here's what I think Tyrion Lannister: ENTP Daenerys Targaryen: INFJ Cersei Lannister: ESTJ Tywin Lannister: INTJ Jamie Lannister: ESTP Joffrey Baratheon: The person who's name is listed to the...
[QUOTE=Nezmith;5035434] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWAmoUYRNbg  Only bad guys get videos like that.  (The Hungarian version at 4:50 is my favorite; I wonder if all Hungarians laugh like...
I agree. I sure would like to talk about my undying love for Dishonored with someone. So how is it we go about making a thread? I don't quite know how to post one yet. I'm somewhat new here.
you know thinking about it I think this entire album is great. It's worth checking out.
Oh yeah the ghost inside is great. I almost actually did that one instead of this one.
Seems like there are a couple of ludo fans here.   I rather like that song. glad I know about it.   http://youtu.be/fPc0ivhgTmI
Flight 370 was attacked by an army of teleporting Christopher Walken Nazis with mutant pterodactyl wings. They teleported the plane to their secret underwater minority torture base. Where they...
I don't really think any NT's would make good spy's. The role of NT's would be more behind the scenes work. I think in a secret spy organization these would be the roles for NT's. INTJ - Detective...
Light Yagami from Death Note & Andrew Ryan from Bioshock  Though the subject of Light Yagami being a bad guy is debatable.
Wow there's an 8-bit version for everything. And until now I had no clue that Fight Club was a game.   http://youtu.be/Jaw7u2t-9UQ
I didn't see that actually. Though I love dishonored as well. Played through it three times. It was worth the replays.  I quite like this one as well. Love how powerful it sounds.  ...
It sounds nice. Relaxing. I think I'm actually gonna remember this one.   http://youtu.be/p0NFGgl7Cqs
I wish you would have included Agnosticism in the poll.
I can understand why you don't like screaming. I personally love it though. And nice avatar by the way.   http://youtu.be/vP0ngiMBnas
I know I'm an ENTP though I would like to say I know what you're talking about. For awhile I was very depressed because I realized I was pretty horrible deep down. I only got out of it cause I...
Answer to your questions  2. Ways how to fix the car.   3. Go to the party and don't drink. If i'm pressured I still say no.  4. I don't say anything on the matter. People have different...
I personally love the song it's set to. (Go Do by Jonsi) you should check it out. I'm not a huge fan of rap. though even though I dont love it I can tell this is pretty well done. In other words I...
La Poem,  I am your best friend Said the bagel to the Walrus. and without hesitation the walrus replied Well though I am flattered there's no need my friend. for I know that you will love me to...
That appears to be a can.
I don't see why this is relevant.
Playing Bioshock 2 and watching Code Geass.
Yes. Less distractions. and after being through the entire day I usually have good ideas to write about.
ENTP, A definition for the indefinable.
Yeah I think in the beginning Evey was a IxFP. Though I think she became a thinker after V's interrogation thing. She said herself she couldn't feel anything anymore. V killed her Feeling side so she...
I agree. You don't need to be a thinker to be smart. I have an ENFJ friend who is actually very intelligent despite Ti being his inferior function. Having dominant Fe and inferior Ti means not that...
I'm an ENTP and an agnostic. I was raised very christian but I always had my doubts. I do like to listen to Buddhist talks though. They have helped me very much in life. Anyway Buddhism is more of a...
Personally I think V is an ENFJ. He has a very strong sense of right and wrong and he seems to act very much like a teacher to Evey. I have an ENFJ friend who is very much like V and ENFJ's are known...
Too me you seem like an Intuitive.
I am an ENTP and I take this as a compliment.
I am an ENTP and I take this as a compliment.'"


4677: 'I'm a soon to be Industrial Designer. From my point of view it is a fantastic career path for ENTPs, because of our great idea-generation and communication abilities. It is probably the career...
Since I was a kind I wanted to be an inventor, so I love being an ENTP.  If I had to pick another type I think it would be ENTJ. They are very different in terms of cognitive functions, but I have...
Boring.
I would say/write down if I could Dear family, gf and friends: thanks for all, I love you!  However, I doubt I would be able to accept death and embrace letting go. So, instead, I would probably...
I got 115 on the test, but I got 128 on the offical Mensa one.  Most developed: spatial intelligence. Least: pattern recognition.
When I was a kid, I was too lazy to properly memorize the multiplication tables. Over the years, this led to some people to believe that I was bad at math, since I couldn't answer 8 times 7 in one...
Invention, technology and I used to be passionate about computer games.
Not to be rude, but [insert critical comment]
I'm not American, but I find it frightening that people are willing to give away our hard fought rights and liberties for cover up reasons like terrorism and increased security.   Is it surprising...
STDs and the blueprint for a time machine. So, not so much.
I studied mechanical engineering, didn't like it, and switched to Industrial Design which I enjoy much more.  You should consider it.
ENTP.  Clich: - Always wanted to become an inventor. Studying industrial design  - Working on a few start ups and interested in entrepreneurship.   Not clich: - I hardly ever make as witty...
How to give critical criticism:  1. Start with what is good.  2. Begin your criticism with in my opinion or from my point of view   3. Although it can be uncomfortable to give criticism,...
From my experience:  Shop Employee - Part time job for two years. Hated every bit of it. Especially how the customer is always right when so many of them are freaking idiots.  Sergeant in the...
From what I understand you can't really change your cognitive functions much (though some will develop), so you can't really change personality type.  Another possibility, that is very common, is...
Definitely not in churches.  More likely: anything to do with science, technology, video games, science fiction, prop making, the arts, debate groups  However, ENTPs are not very common among the...
The first thing I wanted to become was a pilot like my father. He took me with him on the job and we have shared our interest for aviation and space exploration.  The second thing I wanted to...
Every now and then I pay attention to the present to remind myself what I am doing.
Always wanted to become an inventor.  Now, I study Industrial Design, which is, arguably, the closest one can get to become one.
Learning wise, I am very visual.   If I can picture it inside my head; then I understand.
Hoorah. Served two years in the Norwegian Navy.  I've studied mechanical engineering and now industrial design. A lot of ENTPs in both programmes.
What about changing programme?  I studied mechanical engineering in 2011 and was miserable. Now I've completed one semester doing product design and couldn't be happier.  Pros: - Project based...
Real: Jon Stewart Fictional: Tony Stark, Calvin in Calvin and Hobbes
Also known as White People Problems.  It is ridiculous. We live in this fantastic age with all these amazing technologies. It is a pitty that it is wasted on the most spoiled, piece of shit...
Those are some good keywords and descriptions. Did you make them up yourself?  Personally, I've had a little trouble with procrastination so I've tried to work on my self-discipline. (What helped...
Ne + Ti is pretty awesome, so I wouldn't change that.   However, a stronger Fe or Fi could be beneficial.
As a child I really liked Jim Carrey and sometimes when I was bored I would practice making crazy faces in the mirror.  Always acted in school plays and I get a lot of enjoyment from entertaining...
http://www.hoax-slayer.com/images/lightning-volcano2.jpg
Beautiful. I love it.
Sometimes I find introverted or shy people boring, but those that like to discuss topics in depth I like.
Not as bad as many, but yeah. :tongue:
Combination of all, but #4 is most important.
You're probably right that it is has a lot to do with maturity.  Another thing I've noticed about stirring up conversation is that there are many topics people don't want to talk about, whereas I...
My thoughts exactly.
Hey!  I strive to be a good person, but over the years I have noticed a few not-so-good traits. Becoming aware of them and then learning from it, has been the only way for me to improve.   Some...
Started studying Industrial Design this fall. It is a five year programme, though I'm probably going to take the fourth one abroad.   Dream is to become an inventor of sorts. We'll see.  Apart...
None of the types are surperior and you are still a unique induvidual despite belonging to a certain one.  Having said that though, I can see many advantages that a sterotypical ENTP would have.  ...
Don't mess around with reality and reality wont mess around with you.  I have an uncle who has been schizophrenic and paranoid since the 70s when he was messing around with drugs. He used to have a...
As always there are multiple perspectives and I don't see how exluding one of them would be any beneficial.    letting go is the reason I'm not too fond of getting very drunk or stoned. I don't...
Mother and best friend are INFJs.  What I like: - They're very intelligent - Both of them are loyal, great friends that I can talk about anything with - With their different view on the world,...
When I want to I can be very charming and likable, but although I have many acquaintances, I don't have any close friends anymore.   I think the main reasons for it is that I'm not very good at...
I drink at parties and some social events and I have tried weed. However, I prefer not to be under the influence of some substance, because I like having a clear mind.
There isn't that much you can do, because what he does with his relationship, is something that he has to figure out on his own.  You could just move on. If you truly are a good match, then perhaps...
Enthustastic, social, laid-back, smart, lazy, charming, annoying, nice, funny, boring
Fall 2011 I started studying mechanical engineering, but didn't like it for the same reasons you didn't like electrical engineering; it was boring.  This fall I switched to Industrial Design, and...
I think there is a lot of truth to doing what you love.  You'll have a much easier and enjoyable time if you focus on something you like doing. And it is the only way to really become a master of...
My mother and my best friend is an INFJ and they have superpowers that never seize to amaze me.
I'm not an ESFP, but I fucking rock at holding presentations.   You should widen your requirements.
Love.  I want to love what I do for a living. I want to be with people I love. I want to love someone and be loved back. I want to love my life. I want to spread as much love as I can to everybody...
Those tests are often fairly inaccurate, and many people mistype themselves as intuitives, because picking the intuitive answer often seems more sensible.  Instead, it is more accurate to look at...'"


4699: 'Is there an alternative way to have a breast crease?
I'm not a doctor, but you'll need to see one.
Your neurodiverse (Aspie) score: 84 of 200 Your neurotypical (non-autistic) score: 114 of 200 You seem to have both neurodiverse and neurotypical traits
Warning: I will chew you up and spit you out in an argument.
Do you have verbal diarrhea? How does it come out. For me, I just can't stop once I start.  If I'm on a roll in a public setting with jokes or insults, I just keep going until the other person(s)...
Warning: May be unintentionally (or lowkey intentionally) offensive when on a roll with jokes.
I know you were intending to flatter and I should hate you but instead I'm flattered.
Thanks.  I think it's supposed to be biology sketches. They look like little plants, the text Fig.7 or No. 2, and what looks like cell multiplication, but might just be the inside of a cell....
I think it's the Illuminati.
For me it was just gas.
I love them and my best friend is one. He's so special to me. We barely speak because life is really chaotic, but he's such a genuinely interesting and challenging person. It's fun to banter with him...
242106  Greetings.
1. If not superior, I definitely don't consider them equal to me, if that answers your second question.  2. No, I threaten the social. I take their lunch money.
223082
Be witty. Show me what I'm working with.
:crazy:
207602  I look mean.
Something a little out of the ordinary for me: House hunting and home projects.
I honestly never answer people on time and would get agitated almost instantly if someone badgered me for answers.
188658  I'm more of a poser than anything else. I also look much sweeter in pictures.
Though, to be honest, as an ENTP woman, I've gotten a lot of comments about how intimidating I am -- solely because I exhibit traits that are 'uncommon' for women.  So... My revised addition is......
INTJ for me.
Polyamory makes no sense to people who are taught that feelings are mutually exclusive to the concept of mono-love. Polyamory makes complete sense to people who are taught or grow to feel otherwise....
1.) What annoyed you most about any SPs you've known? Depends on cognitive func. but mostly, irrational, unstable (but who am I to talk), unyielding to ideas, not usually interested in depth in...
It might just be me. I might just be misanthropic and awful. But I don't know how to (initially) get along with some people. Sure, I love to have laughs and joke around. But some people don't inspire...
Oh my god, this is such a pressing issue in my life at this very moment. My room has recently gone through a transition from being moderately organized with some cluttered areas to being completely...
https://fbcdn-sphotos-c-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xpf1/t1.0-9/10304355_10203402548258570_6958196694587292490_n.jpg  Dressed up with somewhere to go.
I'd like to apologize for all those who had to be exposed to me in big doses.
I think I love you.
Moar people.
down.
Well, shit guys.  I'm late again!
ENFJs are great in bed.  Thanks for existing.
I think that when I was young my personality was very much as it is now. I was funny, loved attention, intelligent, didn't do well in class but I was endearing enough that my teachers didn't mind, I...
I don't draw very well, but I used to really enjoy it.   That said, I never finish anything I start.
He and I are close and I flirt with him in ways that are extreme even for me. Plus we have a history. How could he not tell me if he did? I can only assume he doesn't and thus I am bound to be...
Also I hope INTJs know how terrifying it is to discuss feelings with you.   I love you all, I hope you know.
Shared how? I'm lost.  But yeah, I've been completely crazy over one and I can't understand why he doesn't just attack me with feels and run away with me. We're clearly both attracted to each...
Thanks for being super great but emotionally unavailable, INTJs! xox
Hey, I'm from Toronto.  Hurray, Canadians!
Meh, I love him dearly and hope we'll be friends one day. He is a bit of a child. Actually. I'm older than him.   I do think ISFJs are so genuinely sweet and darling. But we all have dark sides.
It got so bad. I don't know if we'll ever be friends again. He's ignoring me now. I must've really hurt him because he never ignored me before. But how much insecure shit am I supposed to take?
Oh I'm aware he's very unhealthy. He had many redeeming qualities, many many many. But for the most part, he was overwrought with flaws and weaknesses that I never could combat. He inspired so much...
Self-pitying, overly emotional about nothing, unwilling to work on self without constant prodding, easily overwhelmed, avoidant... But this is a biased opinion.
Blue and orange are my least favourite.
You called me a flight risk Like I was a caged bird fighting my way out.   But you should have known you cant make a woman happy By being perfect for her. Sometimes you need to be unavailable,...
When I cut someone out of my life, I do so in a way that cannot be reconnected.  I must sever the ties so that no roots remain To grow.  That is why, at times, I clasp my hands and fear their...
Being in love with me  Is inadvisable.  I will make you wonder  If the sole reason you met me  Was to understand loss.
Just a personal poll, how many men here wear fedoras and own a MRA shirt?
I'm open to marrying you, so if you're interested...'"


4703: 'Just walk in there, ask for the one in charge, give em a good hard handshake, and look em in the eye.  This is what Boomers actually believe will get you a job.
It isn't. Cute is cute.  shy + cute = omg, they are so cute!  shy + not cute = omg, they are so creepy!
Right, but it is a little ironic, you have to admit:  Him: I like you, I want you to be my girlfriend. Her: Sorry, just friends. Kthnxbye. Him: B-But, I really like you. Her: Too bad, I don't...
That sucks. It can happen with the genders switched, it doesn't have to be exclusive.  Addressing the thread title itself: I'm pretty sure that both nice guys and friendzone are broad enough...
It blows me away how a girl can get mad when a guy drops his friendship with her over unrequited feelings. If he isn't entitled to a relationship with her, then she isn't entitled to a friendship...
I think it's pretty safe to say that every culture has greatly changed since hundreds of years ago. I'm more concerned about a contemporary analysis (although history should not be forgotten).
Right, but extremist Buddhists are known for self-immolation (not harming others), and extremist Christians are known for being loud and offensive with deplorable signs (hostile, but not altogether...
Honest question: Why are all these reports of violent acts seemingly carried out by Muslims? Nearly every story of organized violence motivated by a creed or ideology turns out to have Muslim roots....
I refer to it as a bathroom when I am in a home or residence, and a restroom in a public place or setting.
Equivalent? No. The father of downers is a male, though (although not human).  http://rufiojones.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/eeyore.jpg  Perhaps he would be a downer deity.
You don't have to do it right before you die. People are people; no one is more or less than human, on that we are all equal. But the quality of person can be good or bad, and I believe that quality...
If everyone was the same, then each person would be unable to become better people. I believe that people are better when they leave good in the world by their actions.
define abusive within this context  Why/how did the courts fail to recognize this abuse?
Humor me. Try.
If I were to give you an invisibility ring, what would you do with it?
You cannot prove that it is infeasable, especially if you assert that it is unknown. If it is truly unknown then it is 50% feasible and 50% unfeasable.  The argument here is a claim that acceptance...
Given that definition, I would argue that everyone should be accepted as long as they do not do something unacceptable. I don't have to define what is or is not acceptable in order to claim that...
No it isn't. Your entire point is illogical. If we don't know where path A will take us, then you lack the sufficient data to justify an assertion to ignore it. If the annals of sociological...
Right. That's the real question. What is acceptable and unacceptable? I don't think we've fully discovered the answer to that question, but I think it's worth exploring. It's certainly better than...
Everyone does have the right to be accepted, provided that they fulfill their duty to be acceptable. People who practice unacceptable behavior are rightly unaccepted, but no one can provide an...
Was it Lolita? I was supposed to read that last semester.
Is she presumptive? Specifically about the opinions of others? He'll probably... She only said that because... Is she deductive? Does she think in terms of if,then? For example, If do that,...
I would avoid trying to write a female character. Just write the character. Her gender shouldn't matter that much. It matters a little (like age does), but you don't want to stereotype your...
Good luck with that. I was being sarcastic. Andras will most definitely kill you.
I always heard that Andras was a pretty nice guy, if you wanted to ease into it with something safe.
Deists get no love.
I'll pass, thanks. From my experience religious debates on the internet just end up spiraling down into semantics and name calling.  Sorry, a friend already invited me over to watch her lawn...
Personality types are like inches. They don't actually exist, but are rather used as a means to measure the spaces and edges of the psyche. It's all a bunch of symbolism and metaphors in order to...
When I first read the OP, I was like What bullying problem?... then I read the rest of the thread.  Now I'm like Oh, that problem. lol
I'm a netflix watcher, so I'm a season behind (no spoilers please).  However, I can say that their is an easter egg in every episode. If you notice the logo at the end of each episode is a tarot...
I think it's a great show. It has a pretty cool secret; I've yet to see anyone online talk about it. When I first caught it, it blew me away.
Men have no power when it comes to abortion. Unless you were threatening her, you did not make her do it. I can't believe people would blame you for this. Women should take responsibility for their...
Statistical analysis of generalized types (such as gender) can yield productive insights into the motivations and circumstances which necessitate occurrences. Overuse of this method, admittedly, ends...
Both articles seem to imply that the problem stems from women's wants and how neither men or women themselves can appease them. Perhaps women should alter their expectations to adjust to the 21st...
I really don't know exactly what his motivations are. I just know that he's said that he's proud of being gay, but thinks that marriage should be between a man and a woman. I was surprised myself...
Right... But I'm pretty sure this one isn't.   I'm just tired with the whole If you don't agree with me then you're a bigot! speech that's been going around. People, like sexualities, are very...
I work with a guy who is gay. He thinks marriage should be between a man and a woman. I really doubt that he is homophobic.
Right... cuz Terentino cares sooo much about historical accuracy. lol.
Heh. It took me three years to reach 1000.
I guess it's time to go robot.
1. Compassionate 2. Communicative 3. Beautiful
Welcome. I lurked for a while too.
Are any of you folks freemasons or a relative of one. Feel free to discuss your impressions and opinions.
Just tell her how you really feel.
That's funny, because I think this whole issue comes from people who choose to not FEEL what the other person is going through. If empathy existed in even minor degrees, this wouldn't even be a thing.
If a guy (who is mature) is receiving respect, care, and support from a girl then he will not mind being a friend with her. Most friend zoned guys simply hang around girls who suck at being friends.
I'm curious OP. How old are you and how old is he?
Intelligent people generally make money. Money can buy beauty. Therefore, intelligence and beauty are correlative.
haha. nope
I provided you with a link that is in no way personal to me. Was that judge victim blaming?'"


4750: 'I have an ENFP buddy. The two most striking social differences between us are: I can thrive in a stimulating environment no matter if it's an emotionally healthy one or not - she can't stand...
Why would an argument even need a winner Oo? Neither of the parties ever win an argument, the truth does - from my perspective. Of course, there are always the people too absorbed with themselves to...
Huh, why would one want more P? I want more J to actually make some things done and finished ;P!  I see your point, though, but I have no useful advice by now.
It doesn't need to be ESFJ, if a close person tries to show their values down your throat in any ways available (in ways that would naturally be deemed immoral if they did that to, let's say, an...
zobot - thank you very much for the detailed analysis, too. It helped me to understand the American point of view. It's easier to understand the USA's reactions after you explained that wave of...
I have only a few strong points there:  Germany - INTX I know a person who role-plays that guy quite believably by this characterisation, & finds it easy.  Poland - ENFP (though not a very...
The region between Finland & Turkey, between Germany & Ukraine - is a geo-strategical point for large parts of three continents (Europe, Asia & Africa). One of the things behind the late peace...
The region between Finland & Turkey, between Germany & Ukraine - is a geo-strategical point for large parts of three continents (Europe, Asia & Africa). One of the things behind the late peace...
Huh, an interesting question asked, though. I don't think I've ever reached real hate. It would be very hard to do, with my sensitivity scale XD. I guess I would probably just accidentally kill that...
theredpanda It's not my choice to live but it can be my choice to die, you say. I disagree. It's very easy to die. People die everyday in various accidents. Death is easy enough to achieve by...
theredpanda - hey, that's exactly why every life, every damn minute matters - we make the meaning, we make the point for the generations to come, as those before made a civilisation for us to live...
Feliks ukasiewicz (Poland) from Hetalia series (anime & manga), I'd say. Though he wouldn't be exactly a healthy one - have you ever seen an ENFP with social anxiety IRL ><?
Being sub would be boring. But being dom is boring, too. What I look for is straight-forward competition ^^.
There was that one time when I had to exit the room to make a point about gossip. But all depends on how you define gossip - to me it's a repeated unproductive judging of someone's faults. Quite a...
If the lectures are boring, you can bring the books that you are required to read for or that are related to the subject. Then you are learning the same, anyway - and it's faster that way. One the...
The grass - exactly. The dungeon - old, only mostly symmetric brown bricks with scratches and stains; plus two small pieces of milk glass just to cover the light bulbs, as the room was too small to...
Gringo - not just you. However my options are more... artistic. Like the grass (muted green vertically over old yellow) or the dungeon (too complicated to describe on side) or the...
3w2-7w6-8w7, if I remember correctly. But... there isn't much useful information on Enneagram type 3 forum, so why bother?
1. Analize but do NOT judge. 2. Friendship is sacred because it's one of most useful things to both sides. 3. Your country gave you safety, so do sth for your country in your lifetime. 4. Stick to...
Huh. In my case it's not a sense of direction - that works just so so, as I can get lost in underground where is no direction of light. But I still can very easly make my way in a terrain I used to...
sooner - there are observations that ENTP's say what is needed - if different things are needed in different situations and/or social surroundings, isn't being different in them just natural?
Apparently I turn into an unhealthy INTJ, which I know thanks to PisceanReve's feedback and two strikingly familiar stories from this insigtul describtion of INTJ childhood.  What does cause me...
I was raised to be a Catholic but it didn't make enough sense to me (however I like that love-to-everyone business) to engage in sharing some news that had no real data to support them, and some...
If I call a person per friend, not buddy nor acquaintance - it means they're pretty close.  I have one close friend, currently. He tested as INFJ - I'm still waiting for him to come around...
I had a history of being dumped into one or other grandparents care, until at the age of three I was subjected to a custody kidnapping (during which my mother nearly pushed me down the staircase...
Sounds very familiar. My natural expressions vary in a way like Mr.Spock's would, so I play out in order to comfort other people.
I had a functional biphasic cycle when I worked as a babysitter - slept 4-6h per night and had that 1.5-0.5h nap in the middle of a day and it usually worked great. But these few days when the...
It is, indeed, the subject I do not talk much about.  Rainbow - a biological effect of a current hormonal mix in an organism, usually affecting person's thinking process, especially the...
Yes. Sometimes people taste it and replay with mhmm, that's delicious! how did you make it? - I learned the hard way to not tell the whole truth by then. If they're not allergic (and I ask that...
http://personalitycafe.com/entp-articles/741-entp-personality.html - find Lenore Thomson in part two and look at the last paragraph.
psychswot - well, because we have a wee bit shorter attention span, maybe :)?
Einstein - it's not pretending, it's a loud non-judgmental interpretation of behaviors - if we're speaking about the same phenomenon.
I used to use it. Not the stuff with many rules to learn, mind you - no sense in learning much nonsense - but I could influence some of my relatives a lot trough the suggestions.
Hey, psychswot, you can simply check these results if they match. I agree the test of cognitive functions is not very great - funny thing is, it would probably diagnose an Introvert better because of...
I give a cold shoulder to a person when I can't get rid of them in any easier way.
Since they are logically useful, my dear Einstein.
Personally, I don't really care if I loose contact with an acquaintance - I have plenty of them, each time I meet new people I make new ones. But my buddies are a smaller group, and I have just one...
Well, yes: I am all into useful ethics (but it may be atypical) - ones which help a person to remain functional and to live within society. These, of course, depend on what kind of people I am...
Sirius Black, seriously? I think of him as more of a Fi user.
PS Xee - did you also notice that the Doctor seems to compensate for what he perceives he did wrong with the Master, as a part of his relationship with River Song?
I used to not understand fictional crushes.  http://images.zap2it.com/images/tv-EP00859795/dexter-jennifer-carpenter-1.jpg ...until I had one on detective Debra Morgan (Dexter). My, that woman is...
Owfin - thank you. 1) ESFJs of course, I mistyped. 2) Thanks, I'll do that. 3) I know. Doesn't mean they won't be useful. 4) I just think ESFJs don't spend that much time reading things in the...
OK, so I asked this question on ESFJs forum but as I don't really expect many ideas from them, I ask here, too:  I have ESFJ in my family who a few years ago got this crazy idea that she should...
Uh, I tried chess, too - but I barely had anyone to play with.
Dear ESFJs, I need your help/expertise:  I have ESFJ in my family who a few years ago got this crazy idea that she should befriend me. It would be OK, but the fact that she wants to get close and...
I was born.
Like with most introverts - I'm instantly interested of who they are, and in different perspectives they offer. But I would have a bit of problem with generalization, as there is only one INFJ about...
DeductiveReasoner Chloerson and mkeath - call it a club, me too :D.  How people see me, depends on their own personalities and moods. If they are tired, they consider me downright irritating...
SayMoi - I understand that you see the reason of your daily routines as a thing that matters to your acquaintances; I still think that one's reason of doing things shouldn't matter to others, as long...
PisceanReve - it seems that once again I followed my hunch without enough of readied evidence - I'll replay as soon as I find enough data on INTJs, ok?'"


4774: 'Just getting divorced from one after 19 years. I was ready to swallow a gun. She still proves why she's my ex all the time, just can't fathom logic.
I thought it was a insightful look a what a huge waste of time and bandwidth social media can be.
Face piles and piles of trials with smiles It riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave And keep on thinking free   -Moody Blues In the Beginning
You, you little poo disturber, dragging the tough guys in.    Let me read through the pages and weigh in soon.
In one day last week when i was particularly chatty I was told by three different people to shut the f*ck up, I was the reason someone drove slowly to work and could someone wire my jaw shut! So...
Use your intuitiveness to see what people are interested in and talk about that. For instance if a customer always has a sports teams jersey on ask him about the team. People want to talk about what...
And they don't know who they are.
Snatch
It's really quite easy. You're on the set of Inception 2.
Pics or ban
Nope, no balls. He's got to have all his followers to do all his dirty work. Never shows up to confront problems, just lurks out of sight in the back. Chickenshit.
Sucks to be you. If you were an ENTP you would never have got in this predicament to start with. But being an I you were too busy looking in than out and BAMM you got blindsided.
I get along great with her, she's dead.
The first half of The Red Queen is basically a biology lesson, the second half picks up.  Richard Dawkins, the magic of reality is good as well as, The god delusion.    Christopher Hitchens, how...
Unpradictable.
I skipped over all the ones without me in them.
What sort of loser would just find this thread now 65 pages in?
Origially England but now Canada.
LOL, my type: ENTP.  Funny story, well now not at the time, I went down to McDonald's with my boy, aged 11 or 12 at the time, to get supper and bring it home. Usually I would nip down by myself and...
Alas, ENTP's are heartless bastards so size it is, I'm still a little more tham 3/4 of the man you're looking for.  But beggers can't be chosers so tough luck.:cool:
Incorrect no, unintelligent, only to the unenlightened. Immature, quite possibly.
Fixed it for you.  And yes
Intelligence is knowing your SO is wrong on something they're saying, Wisdom is not telling them.
double post
This is an interesting question. Depending on where you are in life and what you have accomplished, or not, would affect your answer. I've done many things so far, some have gotten me recognition, a...
The only video I have is a video resume and I'm not sure I want to post it here.
Well, since we are full of it but have it contained the smell isn't  coming from us but from other people that are coming here throwing it around and talking it.  We're an ocean of knowledge that has...
Simple logical deduction  would tell you never since we're all full of shit.
8/10 simple yet not so simple.
Correct. Two  syllables , no silent h, Gray-ham. Mayhem, spelt mayham to rhyme, as hem and ham do not rhyme. Some people pronounce it Gram but I don't. Got it Unny Bunny. ;)
No. I'd rather be 3/4 a man than 1/2 a man. :rolleyes:
Are there any questions that don't involve 8 toys? I'm feeling a little uncomfortable.
One last option then we'll move on to more important topics. Would you take half a 16?
Um.... Wood (sic) you take 4 twice?
I'm 51 and I still act like a ten year old.
I need my brain, I can't give it away. Maybe I could loan it to you multiple times thou.......
I guess we would have had to acknowledge that you existed to start with......
Try reposting this in the ask a question get a sarcastic answer thread just for fun.
Roswell, baby. It's payback time!
I was a serious amateur for years. Worked at a few motor sport racetracks taking pictures for the drivers and occasional magazine articles. Did a couple of weddings, a poster, a newspaper ad and some...
I've been trying to read Freuds dook on dreams for 25 years but it's as dry as hell.   I have dreams that foreshadow the future on a regular basis. the problem is I don't know which ones show the...
The great Canadian TV show host Red Green once said, well actually he said it every show, If they don't find you handsome, they better find you handy.  Well let me tell you I'm plenty handy. Now I...
Er... sex on your mind?
No, they're too unstable and unsuitable for relationships.
handed the ENTP a piece of paper with an impossible problem written on it.  The ENTP threw the paper down, yelling this is a lie, there are no impossible problems only........
ENTP. Having lived with the complete opposite of my type for the last 18 years then having meet an ENTP girl a couple of years back  I'm sold. I'm so tired of saying in my mind a completely normal...
Don't believe it, it's more likely a sugar coated insult designed to lure you in for the kill.
Why aren't more people asking the deep probing questions that we can really make smart ass answers to?
1) It would be the same as the fifth element only without the hot chick in orange. 2) All old movies are remade sooner or later, we just have to wait.
yes'"


4789: 'Living in the 3rd world, very radical political opinions tend to be implemented by some pretty radical people.   And these have pretty real consequences....like not being able to provide enough...
The beholders eyes...
We use logic to screw with facts...
From reading your post, two things are clear   You are probably in early college? or late school  You are an introvert, and up to now just being nice in every situation gets you out of stressful,...
I think you are confusing MBTI perceptions vs Entp's in real life. The ENTP's I know would never be called clowns. They enjoy joking around and not looking that serious but in reality they are highly...
This seems dead on to me!  This is pretty much what I earned on my last venture  it took me about 8 hours of work each month....I had the rest of the time to do whatever I pleased.
Just a few thoughts  - I think a downside of overconfidence and an ability to hack anything is that you ultimately end up with a proficency for hacking and not much else - The most valuable skill...
In my opinion, I can't see it would be   Then again, I end up in trouble all the time, so perhaps my opinion is not the best to follow.  I guess it relates to your intention, are you looking to...
If you are interested in an opinion.  He was looking for the same thing you were just now....amusement. Perhaps just not in the most effective way
The best flirt I have ever seen came from a very cute INFJ.  It was her birthday. One of her presents was a box of chocolates. Each chocolate had a label of either 'Mine' or 'Yours'.   It was a...
I'm totally unqualified in this field, but if you consider Hebb's law as a starting point for intelligence (or at least memory) and the fact that you have over 150,000 kilometres of nerve fibers in...
My best advice would be to treat everyone as unique rather than in an mbti box but....saying that, my best friend growing up was an ISTP...so here goes  Here is the best part....some of the best...
Hahaha...I hate Yes but answers.... I do however understand what you are getting at.  Is it people just naturally polarising their views of other types or the actual test that calls you robotic and...
Mmm, who says the vast majority of the world is aiming at accuracy? Accuracy is an INTJ thing, NT's make up a small fraction of the population, INTJ's a smaller one.   I would say the vast majority...
I think its actually meant as a term of endearment funny enough, not an insult.    Id agree with you about INTJ's having lots of emotion, the ones I know are warm and caring, they just don't...
Ive never dated another ENTP but I would be intrigued. It can work....just make sure you hire a project manager to do the all the admin and a PR expert to spin the...ahem...incidents. :tongue:
The more time I spend with ENTP's the more I notice the differences....the more time I spend with other types, the more I notice ENTP similarities...
Dated one INTP and I was besotted with her, I'm not sure how much of it was the novelty of meeting someone so different yet completely similar.  I agree with the kitten puppy thing, I had her in...
Hahaha, yep, I do the frantic grabbing thing too  I think the prep referred to getting your mind ready for being in a social setting or taxing situation. I've heard of introverts who prep to make a...
I dont think its unusual, all of my INTP friends spend time to prep or decompress.
This might be something introverts do that ENTP's don't...well, I don't.   Despite being happy to spend lots of time alone, I never really need to mentally prepare for any interaction, unless they...
So what you are basically saying is we are full of hot air...:tongue:
Nope, I'm the same with everyone.   Ok, I had a little think about this  I think authenticity is made up of three things: boundaries, intentions and actions.  When these three things aren't...
Hahahha Pics of a psychic connection? You're into ghost hunting aren't you?
Ok, I'm not sure I agree with the 'frantically insecure' bit....I don't feel insecure, but I do have a friend who celebrates everytime she manages to get me flustered.  I asked her why and she told...
Hahaha, why is it that no one is ever just dating an ENTP, we always sort of, kinda, maybe dating people. We are such commitment phobes...  Although I'm not kinda dating any INFJ's, I've got a lot...
I think you need to separate the flexibility of your actions from the authenticity of your actions.  My moral code is up for debate, but until someone or something convincingly challenges it, I...
ENTJ  http://i67.tinypic.com/2z9ip9g.jpg  INFJ  http://i63.tinypic.com/2j2t01i.jpg   INTJ
I dont think its fate or luck.  I remember reading a book by Richard Koch on chance meetings. Essentially, he called big things we work for red ticket items (like getting a degree) and chance...
Hahaha... I actually came here to try figure out a relationship problem, I didn't expect to stick around so the pic was just the first one I found on my hard drive....
I've watched ENTP's change their personality to suite the audience often, but its still them. I've watched a wife of an ENTP call her husband fake  because she didn't recognise how he was behaving in...
It's the boiled frog rebellion...we aren't aware of it happening, we are just gradually being acclimatised to the revolution....    Hahaha, the reason I asked is because I've seen a few...
I want to see what an INTP rebellion looks like...
I once played a trick on some colleagues when I worked at Lloyds TSB in London. It resulted in one trying to resign, another formatting his pc and a third buying a plane ticket home to South Africa....
I'm intrigued as to why it affected you so profoundly? Is it shock because of its violence? Is it because Paris is part of the first world so it's a little closer to home? Or just the volume of...
I have a few guns but in my experience they tend to escalate situations very quickly so they stay locked up in a safe. A few people do carry guns but the vast majority don't. Its actually got very...
Haha, I am serious at least once a week...  As far as being safe, I grew up here so its just something that's always been like this. You live with it and keep yourself safe. There are many places...
That's pretty bad but unfortunately not
I think its a good thing to know.  I met an INTP who didn't know. She had spent a lot of money with therapists trying to figure out why she didn't fit in, as well as punishing herself for not being...
I live in a country with a significant amount of murder and violence...  We get the same number of violent deaths as the Paris attacks every two days or so.  It's interesting how the world can...
Hahaha, I spend all day trying desperately to simplify conversations so that everybody understands, by the time I get home I'm desperate for some sort of intelligence :tongue:
I have quite a few NT and NF women I spend time with just because I love their conversation, not because I want to date them.   Quite often they fall into some middle ground where I'm not entirely...
Timing is everything....  430386
Now you are screwed.....
Hahaha, just smile, nod your head and say 'I understand...:tongue:
I think being a feeler can get in the way of empathy....especially Fi.  Empathy isn't what you feel, its about understanding another persons feeling. For that you need N, Ti and Fe.  With that...
Its because introverts are quieter so they let us talk more...:tongue:  On a more serious note, I can get on with everyone but the language from other NT's and NF's takes less effort to listen to,...
If you are looking for impact from a statement the key element is timing.  Fast and insightful will create more impact than well thought out.  Also Ne is based on connections, you have to be...
Yep, all of them, well any with responsibility.  Every business built for profit is run by numbers, whether you like or not you have to understand that. I often hear managers complaining that they...
That's quite insightful...  I think a lot of us would be insecure that all of a sudden the hacks that made us successful get exposed for what they are, with someone shouting..hey, look at this guy!...'"


4797: 'Hey man. I know this is an old thread, but having been there I know how people need support, whether they want to admit or not. Anyways, I didn't get diagnosed, but I was close. About two years ago...
I meant that in the least offensive way possible by the way, I come off a bit dry at times lol. Thanks for clearing that up  though. I was just trying to get a better insight on the situation ...
She sounds unstable dude, I don't think that has much to do with being an ENFJ as it does with being narcissistic
As painfully optimistic and overconfident that I am.. I feel very sad deep down inside. Not about myself, but people and the world. I feel like it's kind of on me to inspire and motivate people due...
Factor I : Extraversion (AKA Surgency)This  trait reflects preference for, and behavior in, social situations.  People high in extraversion are energetic and seek out the company of  others. Low...
I do it a lot. Friendships and relationships apart.. If it's time to  door slam someone they have seriously misused my trust or loyalty. In  which case the only reason I would keep them around is for...
Do any other ENFP's experience this? I always question whether I'm ENFP/ENFJ.. I know theyre not similiar but im 100% NF and E so it's hard for me to decide. Is this more of an ENFJ trait? ...
apparently the way I talk to any girl is flirting.  Lots of girls/guys alike can be off put by that
Infp's. Love them. INFJ too
Firey Fi which can be very hard to control. I act very dramatic sometimes and let my emotions get the best of me. I've learned good control over it, but still it's hard to tame
First an ENTJ, then ENFJ then ESFP finally realized I'm an ENFP
Exactly, ENFP has very powerful communication skills. It's very easy to like an ENFP and I like most people on a surface level so if someone doesn't like me it doesn't phase me. I truly see it as a...
Yeah it's possible but depending how strong your Ne is, like mine is very out there for example since I'm very heavy on the extravert side, I subconsciously pick up these cues and know how to correct...
Yes. I think ENFPs have a lot of potential for power I don't see why not. Not to mention my friends told me I have a gift for communicating with people (specifically women ;)) so lots of dudes get...
I'm good at toying with emotions or scheming people (Which I don't do, bad karma) but I'm not the best at persuading. I feel like that's more of a ESXP thing
Estj
Sounds just like me. This has to more to do with ennegram I feel like. I can be bubbly, but I'm not. I am pretty hyper/social/exciteable but I also like to be serious and withdraw to think about...
I have two dark sides actually  Side 1:  Sad Depressed Wanting to spread joy to others in hopes of sparking it back in myself Might cry here and there. Lonely Want to keep moping to dwell
Yes, I question my identiy all the time. At times I feel like I'm an Infp but I know I'm extroverte.
I currently love an INFP woman. I think she's the perfect match for me. Everyone is different, I don't know any intj/infj/intp women so I can't help you out here. But being extremely outgoing and...
7w8 so/sx, Sup guys. I feel like I can relate to the people in this thread a lot more than other ENFP threads I find (prob since we're rarer than 7w6s, 4,w3s etc)
Like attracts like. If you keep acting like that, you're gonna attract others with similar mentalities
With girls heads
I do that whether I like someone or not.  I'm a very flirty ENFP and flirt with every cute girl I come across (even if I have no intentions of doing anything with her). So maybe he's a flirt too. ...
I find people with Fe are easier to manipulate than others, letting all there emotions out. That's like handing a loaded gun to a criminal
What exactly is Se humor?  I work with a guy who I suspect of being an ESTP (possibly ENTP but highly doubt it) and I think he's the funniest person I work with.  My fathers an ISTP and he can be...
Dominant all the way around
all 4.. I appeal to different crowds. Usually people call say I'm goofy or ridiculous, outrageous, or blunt. I can be serious I just chose not to, too boring.   My jokes are usually sarcastic or...
I use to be cold but I hated myself when I was. Now I'm warm not totally there but I always try to consider other peoples feelings. Although  my selfish urge still tries to over power it, it...
I use to, it's better now.. But I always lean on stuff and get a little too comfortable in public lol
I touch everything.. Objects, people etc.. I always like guide myself off tables or walls or objects as I walk.. Any other ENFPs do this? Like just push off it as u walk by or run ur hand over it
Mom ESTJ  Dad ISTP  Lucky me lol
tell her to shut up...  JK, I ask her why
Yes, but I also think it would interesting to see what it was like to be other types, specifically ENFJ, ENTJ and ESTP
People tell me I'm crazy all the time
There will be days where I feel angry or things irritate me but it's very rare that I get mad enough to rage, if that happens just run.  Last time I got that pissed my whole face turned red and I...
Gift and a curse. The gift is I can read someone almost instantly by just looking at them, if not then definitely after a short conversation.   I also pick up on a lot of peoples emotions...
Whenever I like a girl I touch her a LOT (hips, arm, back, hair, anything that would make her think of sex). Drop a lot of sexual innuendos, try to dive deep, etc. Charm her.   Pay attention to his...
Dunno my dads an ISTP and we don't really get along or click that well. We do think pretty similarly and have a lot of the same viewpoints.  I think that's more genetics than MBTI tho
To be invisible.  We can already read minds ;)
No.   I read somewhere psychos know they're different from regular people by like the age of 10.
Yes but I constantly wonder what it's like to be another type, mostly ENFJ and ESTP
Always, smoking weed before bed helps
I was what you can call friends with everyone almost. From the shallow jocks to kids others would consider weird. As long as you weren't a prick I didn't really care and accepted most people....
Bruh
my gm at work is an ENFP, I work at a restaurant, maybe that's something you would enjoy
yes, love it.
my best friend since I was 3 is an ENTP, he always knew how to help me stay rationale, since us NFs have raging emotions and all.
ISTP Dad, ENFJ Mom.
Enfp 100%'"


4801: 'death
rip
Nah, in the Chance Me part, there are always young'ins posting about how they got 5s on 20 AP exams while self-studying half, played in varsity for 3 sports every year, and found the cure for cancer.
hi fox  where has everyone gone  who are these new people
well
I get terrible grades and my GPA is currently a 2.98. I don't consider myself a genius and I'm pretty awful with memorization, but I do prefer the atmosphere of AP classes, and I love learning new...
My friend's Skype is blackchimchar, add if you're interested in starting a study group!
I didn't have much motivation to do well in school 'til halfway through the year last year. By the time I found anything interesting, it was too late for me to start over and try again, so I want to...
The biggest reason for why I got a C average was because I slack...a lot. I didn't hand in half of my homework and I handed in labs late, which makes it an automatic 50 or lower.     At my...
Hey, I can relate to this! Well, he wasn't terrible, just a first-time AP teacher.  ...That and I ended up with a 79 for the year...
2015 AP Exam Score Distributions
I get them on Monday... I saw the score distribution for the Physics 1 exam and I'm really scared about it...  The score distribution for WHAP is pretty bad too...
My school isn't all that competitive or great with APs (no one wanted to take AP Chem or Physics 2...both classes I planned on taking)... but since they're offering AP exams for free now, why not?
I took AP Physics 1, English Lang, and US History this year. Next year I'm taking AP Calc BC, Comp Sci, Physics C (both Mech and E&M), English Lit, and Statistics.   I plan on self-studying a...
Aaaahhh
So, my friend and I are looking to start up a little community where we can all study for the exams. Right now, we'd like to study for Physics, Chemistry and Calculus. It's just so we can spend our...
lol hi guys
i forgot how to feel
i am feeling ironic
hello 2 u 2
heya bud
when people thank my old posts i cringe
https://www.facebook.com/i.wish.i.was.a.trap  im too pathetic to make real friends
life is OK not good, but not bad and that's alright
memes
finna name my first child annie may
One moment I was tearin' off your blouse Now you're living in my house What happened to just messing around?
bump because school starts in 3 days
schools in 2 weeks and 1 day and i still didnt start any of my summer work
http://i62.tinypic.com/1191mkh.jpg
a dildo has struck a windshield  we're doomed
apparently the real life purge thing will be in my state next friday but like i need to decorate the place for my sweet 16 rip
thanks y'all!! :kitteh:
thx dude :cool:  i was a bit upset when no one on here wished me a happy birthday yesterday until i realized that i forgot to make my birthday public whoops
BarbikyuChikin-->Barbikyu-->Kawaii Itself-->Meekers
hd pix
hbd 2 me
school doesnt even start for another 3 weeks lmao
http://personalitycafe.com/spam-world/307562-who-ever-posts-thread-will-get-their-username-my-binder.html
for the whole school year
pussy
sup i been coolio  and hi mousy it still aint letting me double quote dang
h-hi
gOD I WISH Y'ALL COULD COME TO MY SWEET 16
(screams externally)
Yea, I hope so... I want to take my English teacher's advice and shadow a student from nearby colleges, but I don't have the courage nor the motivation to do it :bored:
gosh golly it just occured to me im gonna be a junior next year i have to think about college and stuff what college would want me im scared guys ;__;
can we just stand on a street corner and start yelling our beliefs at random people passing by then
aka the cycle of life
none; its actually my dick'"


4815: 'Wait, what? You're looking for traits of an atypical ENTP female?  Or are you saying that female ENTPs themselves are atypical in comparison to male ENTPs?  Or are you looking for a comparison of...
I think it's particularly difficult when Ne is one of your dominant functions because you see the possibilities of yourself being MANY types. You see the hint of your character in a lot of different...
Haha, see I'd take your response to my post as a hint that you're probably more likely an ENFP. I actually specifically worded my post to see how you'd react to it. Nothing I said was mean in the...
ENTP is actually Ne > Ti > Fe > Si   Not introverted intuition, might help you a bit with sorting this out if you've got your facts straight.   Just sayin'.
This is basically the immediate conclusion I came to when I first heard about the protest. I'm still very iffy and suspicious about it... But when you think about it there are a number of ideas from...
Not sure if anybody will take the time to read these but if you've got a sec (AND I MEAN YOU'RE ON PERC OKAY YOU HAVE TO HAVE A SEC OR BE AVOIDING SOMETHING IMPORTANT) they're two, in my opinion,...
Oh that's interesting, holla' at them Virginian suburbs x.x
I like discussions with elements of debate xD
I'd say Sparrow though I think the most recent movie hindered a bit on his epicness... Not quite up to par.
INTP's don't use Ni (mostly speaking), their two functions are just like ours, Ne and Ti except they have Ti as dominant and Ne as auxiliary. If you're going to be closest to any other type as an...
what the fuck is a sherbert dibdab
Depends on which friends.
My best friend's an INFP and we're constantly joking about how would be romantically perfect for each other... If only one of us had testicles.   Alas... It's not meant to be.   I think it could...
Yeah I've heard that too... I've read a majority of his books and definitely gotten an NTP feel, though I think it's possible that he's an I. Regardless, so good!
I'm detecting quite bit of disdain sir, quite a bit. :wink:
While reading Chuck Klosterman's books I often got a very ENTPish vibe.
I always thought of the clan from Cowboy Bebop to be very NT oriented.   Jet as an XNTJ Spike as an INTP  Faye as an ENTP (Though I could see the argument for being more feeling oriented) Ed as...
A majority of the times I've taken the MBTI test I've scored ENTP with a slight extroverted preference. For the past few months though, I've felt much more attracted and pulled towards the INTP...
I think there's an unhealthy obsession with striving for happiness. It seems sort of delusional and I think NT's in general are more likely to pick up on this, though I'm not saying other types are...
All of the traits you've listed are characteristics of N and P, so therefore found in ENFP's as well as ENTP's.     I think it's natural for a number of types to question and analyze themselves,...
Ahg, I know what you mean. My longest friend is an ESFP, we're very close but it's more due to having spent so much time together in our younger years more than anything else. Conversations with her...
I agree with Subterranean. In addition, it's about the fact that a lot of the times S's and N's are simply interested in talking about different things, in a different way. For instance, my mom...
Oh for sure, but I'm aware of my tactlessness. I've never been called tactless without knowing on some level that what I've done/said could be interpreted as so.  And it's mostly by my mother...
In the case of the INTP I know, when he's just bantering for the hell of it almost sings when he talks. His pitch goes dramatically up and down and he's constantly imitating voices like many of you...
Ah, sounds lovely. My mom's an ESFJ... >.> enough said. Dad's great just very fucking busy and I'm pretty sure my brother is just a full fledged pervert... Eh, what can you do.   ...Other than...
Yes, I went back and forth quite a bit in the beginning, I still do. I'm caught at XNTP. This works though because the cognitive functions of E/INTP's are the same, just in a different order. ENTPs...
Not quite sure about that, one of ENTP's defining characteristics is thriving in conflict (usually). We also don't have the tendency to get engrossed in our own emotions/feelings, we don't really...
So. Ragingly. Jealous.
I'll post something I originally said in a thread on the ENFP forum:   I think it's difficult to tell at first glance but to me a dead giveaway of an ENFP is if they actually seem interested in you...
Making me a to do list Using unnecessary repetitiveness By forming your opinion on a subject through a limited amount of information and parading it around as fact and/or supreme knowledge...
Company that's intellectually stimulating and a better understanding of how I work -- what my strengths and weaknesses are, how I can modify those to be more considerate about those I care about and...
Have high standards but low expectations of people.   When people have holes in their knowledge of others/situations they have a tendency to fill in the blanks with what they want to see. Good or...
My Dad's an ISTJ, for a second I considered writing, and he's one of my best friends after that but that's not quite true. He is someone that I truly respect though, which is a pretty tall...
I've been a waitress on and off for the past four years at a breakfast joint in my hometown... Can't work while I'm at school but over the breaks I still do. I don't think I could actually deal with...
Mmm... If this is true I'd have to conclude that everyone on this site has close to zero chance of bein' a gangsta.
In response to ENTP's tendency to think by expressing, i.e. don't know what they think until they've said it or written it vs INTP's tendency to think by reflecting, i.e. know what they think...
My mom likes to tells me ever so often that I'd have no problem finding a boyfriend if I could simply be, more agreeable and less intense.  !@^&%%^!*($#@*!(*^&@!  -.-
Ah, this has been something I've been toiling over for awhile now. Unfortunately I'm about split fifty-fifty even with this list.
Ya, no, I think that the first part of what you said is part of the initial problem. The fact that we can not only tolerate guys humor but actively participate in it is somehow attractive to them... ...
I have this thing where I like to be able to see as many people as possible, while still having a decent view of the teacher. So I angle myself accordingly based on the layout of the classroom. ...
I think that one of the reasons XNTP's and INFP's appear so numerous here is because these types in particular (along with a few other types) have a itching need to figure themselves out/how other...
Too much Alpha
When I can't sleep at night I think about what I'd do if both my parents just dropped dead. How I'd have to come home from school for a bit, set up the funeral preparations, how all of my feeling...
The conversations I have with my good ENFP friend violently spin from us laughing about some hilarious incident that happened to one of us, to discussions (I'd almost say arguments, but I've found...
I like how so far you guys all have desktops as opposed to laptops.  Takin' your computers stereotypically pretty seriously I see. XD
My mom does the same thing... in front of about 20 other shoppers in Gap was the latest occurrence... I also weigh about a hundred pounds >.>
OH MY GOD YOU DON'T EVEN REALIZE HOW MUCH. THAT ECHOED MY MOTHER... I could hear her voice in the back of my head.  That was creepy.  I think abrasive is the best way to describe my mother. She...
I think it's difficult to tell at first glance but to me a dead giveaway of an ENFP is if they actually seem interested in you as a person. ENTPs are more curious than caring... Compliments are a big...
Haha bigtex, I'd just like to state that our parent's have the same personality types... It's been quite an interesting upbringing.  My mom irks the shit out of me sometimes so that's the only...
I totally get what you're saying... like a sort of out-of-body experience but not quite?'"


4828: 'Extroversion and introversion labels don't even matter for most people.  If you're not CLEARLY one or the other then don't label yourself as either. It'd be a pointless descriptor when applied to...
I went through massive depression after breaking up with my first ever real girlfriend. I barely ate because I just wasn't hungry, how could I be when I felt sick anytime I thought of her, and I...
It's clear to me.  I just don't care about traditional views of success or anything.  I'd rather be an astrophysicist paid 30k a year, than a banker paid 120k a year (I pulled those numbers out...
I'm male and my friend preference is probably male.  Both have their pro's and con's.  Male friendships are more likely to be full of banter and humour, but lack emotional support.  Female...
I don't understand how 0.9999... can = 1.  It's like saying you have to walk 1/2 the distance each time towards something. So first I walk 50% of the way. Next I walk 25% of the way... I'd never...
This may mean I've mistyped myself, but, I definitely think in language.  Sometimes I will even speak out loud to help me concentrate and understand the question.   Maybe I'm actually an ENFP...
I'm not curious.  I'm wrong.  Logic? Who needs it when I can answer everything with God?
I am a nice person in general. I don't believe animal euthanasia is moral, not if we wouldn't do the same for a human. A human gets cancer and doctors fight everyday to try and fix it or keep the...
What are you talking about?  Are you saying that everyone should follow your beliefs? What are the reasonable standards you speak of if not your personal beliefs? <<< Genuinely want to know. Don't...
I barely have over 200 posts since signing up in 2013 or something. Along with this I know I didn't always identify as an ENTP. I've switched a few times at least. (This was part of the learning...
Nevermind I figured it out aha  Interesting. It predicts I'm INF  Maybe I got my type wrong? =S I doubt it, but, who knows?
Yeah I have this girl who keeps quoting me and replying. She just wont let the conversation die.  I'm kidding! I'm kidding!   I have a good friend (girl in the picture) who I used to feel was...
Oh no, don't get me wrong. I'm totally dealing with this situation too.  Some people wont let the friendship die!!!!!
The key thing for me is I need my freedom.  I don't maintain long-term relationships because they usually take a way from my freedom, and I have no attachment to the person.  I make new friends...
The problem I'm experiencing happens when I try to make a word bold or something (anything not plain text)  Now I know I'm not your favourite person, but, I'm surely not the only person dealing...
Well, well, well. What do we have here? Looks like we have a case of inter-type-breeding. We don't take too kindly to that around here. You take your sinful thoughts and you get on outta here. You...
Wellsy   Seriously, what is your IQ? It must be like 175 at least.  ---------------------------------- I've never thought about meritocracies before.  I agree with you, we totally don't live...
I don't know why they have to be elemental, but, other than that, I like it.  I would be Water sub-type. Water is my favourite element and my favourite Pokemon type. Squirtle. I know you we're...
People assume I'm stupider than I am, because of my own doing.  I have no inferiority complex about my intelligence so I don't feel the need to use words that make me look like a dick.  Honestly,...
itselly Honestly, I skim read everything you posted originally. There's just too much for me to take in, or focus on reading.   I've thought of a way around this problem...  You think you're...
Please translate this into Dumbass English for me and any other peasants, who're not blessed with minds that understand Genius JibberEnglish.  I'm pretty sure I get the point, but, my puny mind...
It bothers me more than it should that it says ragrets and not regrets.  Anyway, I regret that I've seen and heard the word regret too many times and now the word doesn't look right.
My Mom is almost definitely an ESTP. She's not a sporty person AT ALL though, so if that knocks her chances of being ESTP I don't know what else she is.  My Dad is harder to type. I think an INTJ....
Bacon isn't even that good  *flinches and waits*    Only expressing popular opinions should be allowed (disregarding the above)  *flinches and waits*
Can't believe the whole rape thing is still being debated ahaha.  I have a new question to rack your minds:  Is it still rape if they consent to having sex and then you drug them to make them...
Ninjaws  Hmmmm... tough one.  INFP? (I really couldn't type that picture)
So it's agreed. I'm the champion of this debate. =P  Seriously, I can tell you've gotten emotional over this, because of your kick and scream remark. Calm down. This doesn't matter. What does...
I disagree. Unless you can back up your assertion that my claims are false then at best neither claim is valid. Take the God debate, for example: If I say God exists and you ask for evidence, then...
It's not up for debate that a woman wearing sexy clothes creates a stronger impulse in a man to have sex. That much I thought would be agreed upon at least. I'm not even willing to keep arguing for...
At the end of the day it's my current opinion on the matter, that nobody yet has been able to change.  You don't answer any of my questions and instead insult me and my arguments without giving...
I've already dealt with all these counter arguments, but, I can reiterate them one last time.  Firstly, this is my opinion based on my own logic and understanding. Remember this. If information...
Are you seriously not understanding what a hypothetical is? Ahaha. Not only that but I put the hypothetical in YOUR favour. AHAHAHA  Even if it's because of an ad in the street, if the ad in the...
Nice! I see how you attacked my arguments to lower their perceived merit, while not being able to refute anything I've said.  It's true that I haven't gone and researched statistics about this...
See now we're talking!  It's probably true that even if they'd have worn a suit of armour, the rapist would have still acted upon his impulse. However, I don't think it can be debated that someone...
Well I'm not able to name the exact disorder that causes people to rape.  However, I can tell you an example of impaired ability to filter and control impulses. ADHD. Am I saying ADHD people are...
Unfortunately you've fell into my trap. There's no getting out.   Firstly; I never mentioned anything to do with people who get raped who didn't wear revealing clothing --- so that's thrown away...
1) If you wear revealing clothing and then get raped, you kinda brought it on yourself.  2) Agnostics have the only currently right position on God or lack there of.  3) It should be socially...
This post is insane and funny and true.  10/10.
Everybody needs to understand 2 things:  1) There is no real right answer. If you claim your answer is the divine holy answer that everyone should choose, then you're wrong. Both answers have...
Well I'm not certain about specific type like ENTP or anything but I'm certain you're an E - from what you've said at least.  I was very shy as a kid and teenager. I would still be very shy if I...
All I know is that I want to marry you right now.  I would guess you're a shy extrovert and NOT an introvert.  For what it's worth, there are a lot of things you mention that sound like me (or...
It's possible you're shy rather than introverted. (Shy extrovert) It's possible you're shy AND introverted. It's possible you're not shy at all and just introverted.   For me, I grew up as a shy...
Definitely extrovert.  If you think XNTP then she/he (I don't remember and cba to check) is definitely an ENTP. Sounds a lot like me - if that further confirms it for you.  Only thing I see...
Some of you guys are hilarious.  Jagdpanther - Your answer is the funniest so far (I know this isn't a comedy test but you're winning anyway).
Yesterday I wondered what I would do if I removed all internet, TV, Phones, Laptops... Anything that I usually use to keep myself busy, from my life.  I made a rule. I was allowed to use the...
I haven't gone through and made note of this kind of thing yet, but, I did notice INFP's and ISFP's seem to save the guy. Haven't noticed an IXFP leaving him to die yet (may have missed it though). ...
I have some commitment issues.  I WANT a lasting relationship, but, I NEED my freedom.  I've dropped work, college, friends, girlfriends... anything that smothered me and took away too much of my...
I would love to try and understand everyone who saved the guy.  It's surely an irrational move to save this man's life, unless of course you're going to make use of him somehow like Hikikomori...
The situation:  There is a dying man lying in front of you. You have a miracle drug that would totally save his life. You only have 1 (at least at this moment in time. Maybe you can get more,...
I love to debate. I will debate things even when I don't believe what I'm saying.  I've been in a debate with someone and while I'm beating them, I've been chipping in with ways that I'd beat my...'"


4844: '@0_o Please feel free to read my personal post if you have any interest in why I believe I am a sociopath.   I just checked this and saw the responses. If you have questions for me I will answer...
First of all I am not implying all ENTP's are sociopaths or that there is a correlation between being an ENTP and being a sociopath. I was just curious because I am a sociopath(a pretty tame one but...
I greened out my first time this last 4/20. Worst feeling ever I was so nausea I had to lay completely still then passed out for 5 hours.
If I apologize and they reject it I cannot say I would really care unless I did something extremely terrible. If you don't accept my apology and it is over something I see as silly you can sort it...
*Being super high  *when you pee after having to pee really bad for hours * Orgasm *That strange calm you feel when you see the life of the person you're currently choking leave their eyes. ...
See this my my logic behind it. I would have to go alone or with someone who just literally couldn't care where we went.
Awesome response and it is very similar for me. If someone is extremely emotional it is a struggle to help them but I try my best I just cannot understand their approach or why they feel a certain...
Tainted Streetlight how dare you suggest you can smoke to much weed!! But yea, I think I use to be that way but I just don't find it to be terribly useful I guess. I have had many guy friends who...
This is kind of a test to see if you're thick skinned and can handle your own. If you can we take that as being sensitive if you come off sensitive you might be emotional. Being sensitive and...
Hence, the struggle I just explained about having the edge and why comfort is so important.
Brilliantly put!! I know a ton of girls even one that is a best friend but no romantic interest. You hit something I mentioned in one of my own threads but not this one: INTUITION. As rational,...
I agree with the point that very rarely do we come across someone that we can come into our own with but I have to disagree with most of those people being in the upper echelon. The trick is in...
^^ when it comes to presenting myself this. I want to look nice when I go out but I want to do it in my own way with my own style. There are obvious exception if I walking to the store for something...
Then it sounds like you're in a good place! 'The game' is simply part of process but yea never take it too seriously. And thank you but sometimes playing it cool can come off as being uninterested(a...
I will be 80 and wearing hoodies I love them.
I didn't have a meaningful relationship until I was 19 and really haven't had many since platonic or romantic. Obviously learning about the person and just kind of observing them is important but try...
Sodaude I really like this advice!   1.SD is the end goal but I don't think I can afford the cost of living right out of college we will see though. The way you describe it sounds like a perfect...
Honestly a girl that is really dressed up for something that is casual makes me think she is high maintenance and that's right at the top of my turn offs list but don't appear sloppy either. I really...
Space and fun are always great but make sure he is serious when you feel there is an issue. We like improving things to and I am a stickler for good communication and openness.   Luckily for you...
@Sodaude That is interesting to hear I am 25 and to me I prefer to take things slow including friendship first because then I can at least get a friend out of it if anything. The only really good...
I agree. I think as ENTP's we of all people should realize that while we are blunt and truthful there are parts of us people don't see. Why couldn't that apply to others as well? I feel lucky to have...
^I really like this. Wit and intelligence can be a turn on but if I am speaking to someone who seems very aware of the world around them, uses rational more than emotion, thinks differently, and...
Yea that is something I have considered and why San Diego while my favorite is at the bottom of the list. I am leaning pretty heavily towards Denver at the moment because I heard just outside the...
That is a fantastic observation and makes sense. I wonder if that is just how other people react to most new people they meet. It is a great feeling and relaxing however I don't envy those who do it...
nujabes exactly! I still haven't figured out if it is a good thing or not. I get very intrigued because it seems like new territory so it is hard to pull myself out of it I have that drive to go...
I will check it out! I really do not know much about DC as I don't have any friends from there.
Now that I think about it in 9 out of 10 cases a smoking jacket was involved. It sounds like we have to turn to science for the answer!   P.S. Please get me into the mansion so I can die with a...
A recent event made me start thinking about this. Usually when I meet new people I give them the same apprehensive treatment as everyone else until I build a profile and sort them  but on very rare...
PowerShell Denver, San Diego, NYC, and Boston are at the top of my list. I toke so Denver and San Diego definitely have an edge.
PowerShell I understand that feeling I find myself hating the place I live after 2 years. It's not that the location is unpleasant I just hate the feeling of being fixed to a location.
PowerShell I hope you do it and if you do good luck!!
DeathRipper well you seem to have significant head start on something that tends to create a lot of drama most people. I am glad I could help you feel more reassured. You'll hit rough patches and...
In combination I use what people say and what they actually do as a sorting tool. This may come from the experience in the military as well where many people talk a big game but when it comes down to...
I'm a college student that is still on summer break and is not currently employed this challenge isn't even fathomable to me.
I'm sorry it's just that they cannot honestly expect us to do that. First they make us read it all then they are sending us to forced labor camps in North Korea.
Absolutely! Chaos can be both fun and stressful but I need it. Anytime I feel like I am drudging down the same linear path of life other people are I have to break away from it. Also doing sometimes...
Usually when I come in on a thread by someone else that is already a few pages long I read the original post and maybe 2 or 3 others then I just go to putting my 2 cents in and may not read any other...
It's a tough challenge I feel I couldn't resist the urge to make it happen.
See hookers would be more complicated for me I mean casual sex is pretty cheap and I would spend more time trying to get the hooker to have sex with me for free than actually having sex.
DeathRipper first off let me say holy shit you're the most well spoken 15 year old I will probably ever meet. Second, high school is really where you start dating and in the beginning it can be rough...
series0 yea I agree I am just going to have to be direct and tell her this is how it is. I know she will respect that but I know it will annoy her haha.   DeathRipper Your answer and the answers...
devoid   tine  See I have never done that before. I am just very consistent at being inconsistent with my dating!
Think Dharma and Greg. There is a good chance we will annoy the shit out of you at times but deep down you love us. Also we are great at ideas and you are amazing at details so we can play off each...
Signify that is part of it as well sometimes dating just sound more like a task than fun but I am glad to hear about your relationship!   OMG WTF BRO I know what you mean and I don't like the...
My god I thought no one was replying but I guess my e-mail notifications weren't reaching my phone.   She's not overbearing she's just worries about me a lot and is a great mother. Yes grand kids...
I'm pretty sure for most of my teenage years my mother thought I was gay(not that should would have cared if I was) because I didn't really date much. She no longer thinks I am gay but definitely is...
I can be a dick in general but I definitely take it to another level with good friends and it is always more playful than if it is someone I honestly don't like. I tend to prefer people that are...
I am not currently in a long term relationship but I have been and I do think I can help. It's not just about compatibility when I REALLY REALLY like someone I seek to create a bond that is unique to...
While I enjoy the versatility of fuck I'm a cunt man myself especially in the PC college environment.
Thank you! I am not sure how everyone else got such different results though.   I have to third what is being said though. I would over think the situation which is other reason I like to get the...'"


4845: I liked the satire about society more than I was bothered by Ricks not acting like ENTPs or C137. The episode was completely dark so it was more tragic than funny to me but I still thought it was...
Geonerd hit the nail on the head. One of my best friends is an ESTJ and we tried living together and that arrangement didnt work out for those very reasons. We have fun conversations and I am fine...
I try to be objective a lot of the time so that sometimes means removing myself from the equation or being very straight foward with what my biases probably are. Even when others want to gossip with...
Do you accept Visa? Mastercard? Well I am gluten intolerant. Long live and prosper -Yoda You're wrong. Greedo shot first!
I would also suggest moving on. You can gain more experience and apply to the position again later down the line if it was a dream job. Dont burn the bridge by coming across overly pushy, desperate,...
Well thats a horrible reason to think you are an INFP. People really need to stop being so prejudice with personality types. Feelers are not less incline to accomplish things. My brother is an INFP...
Hmm...20% maybe? But not really because I always know there is someone in the house I can talk to. I have someone around all the time but we aren't always talking. I program a lot so I need to get...
Does it actually matter as to why? If he isn't respecting you and is constantly being controlling why do you still want to interact with him?
I always figured it was to experience ourselves. It isnt so much that there isnt meaning, just that there isnt a universal meaning for everyone since we create that for ourselves. Its all going to...
Haha I guess it depends on if they tried to keep the conversation going or not. If I don't and say something like that I'm trying my best to be polite.
If they are controlling, demanding, vicious, or completely closed minded we are not going to get along.
Sometimes I lie because I know I cannot tell the truth for whatever reason and then I blurt out the first thing that comes to my mind. I should probably think before I speak more. This mostly happens...
Lately I've been around this girl that has a huge jealousy issue. Everything is a bloody competition and she has to constantly put down other people. It's mostly directed at me since I'm friends with...
Me: ENTP Mother: ENFP  Father: INTJ Brother: INFP  My family has fought for various reasons growing up but overall we just have fun and get along. Everyone else thinks we are really weird but we...
This is a long list...I am going to answer some but definitely not all of these: 1. Are you friends with any INFJs? If so, how many INFJs are you friends with and how close of friends are you with...
I am confused.  Am I the one with this anxiety or is it the friend?
If I get bored enough I become a huge troll. Example: once upon a time I attached a wireless mouse to the back of this guys laptop and moved it around while he was trying to use it. He ran to the...
Haha! I do the same thing. While moving out I found random journals, old notes and photos. I'd stop and read and think about it. It drove him up the wall but it made moving out a heck of a lot more...
From my experience it wasn't any good. I dated an ISFJ for 4 years  and we lived together for 3 of those years.  It started off all fine and fun, but after a while he decided that I should be...
Programming. C++ & Java mostly.
689722 689730689738
Not really. The way it tends to work for me is that if something happens once I'm not bothered by it. I'll just tell them to stop and move on. I'll probably forget all about it. If it happens again...
I used to test as an INTP for similar reasons. A female that's sassy, argumentative, and a troll is not always the most well received by some communities. It just became easier to pick and choose my...
Bring up a heated topic with someone really opinionated and then just tune them out. See how long it takes them to notice that you were just ruffling their feathers and don't actually care.
Doesn't it depend on what time they wake up? When I went to bed at 9pm I was up at 4-5am.
1) what annoys you about people? Being closed minded and sometimes if they are really, really boring.  2) were you interested in politics in your teen years?  Not really. I got interested in the...
That's not what you told me last night....
I don't mind not having a firm sense of identity so I don't consider it a struggle.
I've come to find that a lot of different skills can build off each other. Just because I have experience with one skill or one career doesn't mean that it won't be useful anymore once I pick up...
To convince me the argument will have to be almost all logic. It's the only one that has a chance to change my opinion. I guess I could always be surprised by someone's very compelling 'personal...
Your eyes are like black holes!
Units.
It's my signal to comb over....
653234
I don't have a position going in because I feel like both sides can have some elements of truth to them. That's why people believe them. Now this isn't always the case but usually a good interesting...
Soooo....what would happen if Pinocchio said that his nose was going to grow?
Just the one.   Anyways, I have no horse in this race. I just wasn't sure if you were being serious and I assumed given the topic of conversation you were not. I don't always get sarcasm over the...
Lol OK
Is this irony?
I don't know if you're in my range, but I'd sure like to take you back to my domain.
testing 1...2..3...
Hey boys! Only thing on the menu for tonight is going to be Me n' U. :wink:
I don't know if this has been said so forgive me if it has but I'm too sick to read through 8 pages but...  I learned from one of my classes about the gender spectrum on a biological level....
I create silly stories all the time. It's fun. Currently I'm sick with the flu but don't worry Big Daddio the macrophage and Mr. T (T cell) are on the job. Anyways it's far more fun for me to come up...
I'm successful but I don't usually measure my success by how much money I'm making. I have made a good amount of money when I cared to but I'm much more interested in other things.  I sometimes avoid...
They don't like to cuttle?
In case there was some confusion...I don't think soul mates exist. Stalkers can. Stalking happens when there's unwanted obsessive attention for another person.
Well to me...one exists and the other one doesn't.
It wasn't me. :P
I come across as shy sometimes but I am not really being shy. I might be being just reserved. A lot of people dote on things I don't care about. Example with previous housemates I was reserved. All..."


4849: 'ENTP  Little bit of both. I am prone to long bouts of introspection and therefore have great intrapersonal intelligence but I also like to know what others think about me on occasion, just because...
296754
Dependent? I've lost count of how many times I desperately attempt to avoid being with other people. We aren't called the most introverted extroverts for nothing.  Having problems expressing...
I've always been intrigued by psychology, took all the available classes while achieving high marks so I've had it in my head that some career in that field might be worthwhile. Trouble is, it's not...
Yes. Always thought this was a weird quirk of mine, glad to see I'm not entirely alone. Places or people, it doesn't matter; anything from the past I like to avoid. I like to rationalize it by...
I really liked the idea of computer programming (maybe because I had a secret unrealistic notion that I would become some sort of evil hacker genius) so I enrolled in AP Computer Science and holy...
Absolutely nothing. Best pranking assistant ever. Wish they could loosen up on the morals though
Sounds like heaven. My mom, dad, and sister are hardcore SFJs. Needless to say, they think I'm a sociopath
Rats. And I was so sure I was a girl
You'd probably end up being late to the appointment anyway, even with nothing going on
Hostility is our form of affection.  And also we may just want to someone to share in our thoughtful cynicism and it becomes frustrating when we can't drag you down to our level and you persist in...
Once I get going on a topic (or several) that I find interesting, it is a challenge to shut me down. However, I'm usually quite good at reading other people and how they feel about the conversation,...
I'm bored, fight me please
Honestly, the only thing specifically ENTP in your whole post to me was just the overwhelming Ne style of sentence construction; but then again, INFJs aren't immune to the effects of LSD either...
We ENTPs are notorious for bouncing quickly from one person to the next, and I myself am not very proud to admit that I do this without a backwards glance. The emotions that should be involved in...
Quiet girl in the back corner who takes pleasure out of surprising people now and then with, say, presentations on anarchy.
Yeah I second this. Meyers Briggs has done a lot of good for many people, myself included, but four letters are not going to define who you are. It can help, yes, but I like to think of it as that...
NT's love/excel at math or science based classes and loathe anything else.  I'd take writing an essay about Macbeth over chemistry anyday.
Did anyone else get the wrong idea from the title?
Same! Objects, bodies, homework, friends...you name it
Do podcasts count? I'm addicted to Night Vale lately.   9 - PYRAMID from Welcome to Night Vale on podbay
There should be some sort of entp achievement badge for however gets told this the most, because dear lord
Because I've had very little experience with other NTs in real life, I tend to hold on to the hypothetical idea that all of us are as we are in descriptions and therefore (mostly) amazing. However,...
Same. Although acquaintances aren't really important to me because they don't really have a purpose other than people using them to namedrop in a conversation: not to mention whenever you interact...
Not only does it depend on the person, it depends on the surroundings as well. As an ENTP I can switch from almost obnoxiously people-centric to completely antisocial within minutes.
Same. I'm getting confirmed in the Catholic church soon namely because of my ESFJ mother and the realization of how much easier it is to just go along with the system sometimes...I guess I'm content...
Our single minded obsessions cannot be stopped. They must only be endured.
I swear, I'm one bad joke away from alienating myself from all human relationships...but the chaos within me will not be tamed!
A friend of mine once told me that I'm simultaneously the most mature and immature person she has ever known. I swear one day I'm the reincarnate of Socrates and the next I act like I'm five years...
If you've found an answer after three years, please let me know. I'm currently (allegedly) working on a week late assignment. Or two.   This system was definitely not made with us in mind.
213618  there goes my delicate feelings
I hate mowing the lawn, I really do, but sometimes the very best and most radical thoughts come to me then. Glad to see there is another lawn mowing induced theorist.
Pouring a dark red drink in the girls toilets at school. Screams of disgust. Hilarity ensues.
204610
Ah math, the bane of my existence!   Writing, music and thinking have been tendencies of mine, too. However, they don't really provide any opportunity to reignite ingenuity because they are all...
Yes. I especially have never liked it when people call each other babe/baby which puts me in quite a sucky situation considering its a very common thing to say--although why, I'll never know.
Indeed. Or crafty. I'm much more likely to find loopholes in things than ace a math test
No doubt I would if it was a particularly boring assigned book, but otherwise no.   I don't think there's a specific type that would be more prone than another to reading the last chapter of a...
Sounds like social anxiety. Introverted extrovert or not, I live for one on one conversations where I can discuss things that matter instead of socializing in a group 24/7 where the talk is generally...
Yep, ENFPs and ENTPs have it good. Ne for the win!
Well sure, it's hard i.e. impossible to not think of someone close in a while, but that's not what I was attempting to point out. In fact, I think (well at least in my experience) too much about...
*grabs the microphone*  Yes, this is all very true. Dealing others emotions and anxieties isn't our strong suit, granted, but one thing our Thinking label doesn't let on is that we do like it when...
Doing what I do best.  Procrastinating to avoid homework...what else are Sundays for?
ENTP. Same.   Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill?
Likewise :wink:
Ah, if I had a dollar for every time my mom brought up the subject of my people-pickiness...fickle as I am with my feelings toward anyone, I'd have to agree with the concept of a built in N-bias. ...
As an ENTP, I can have quite volatile moods, the same of which is true for my namesake. One must be careful not to mistake passion for Feeling  (which, by the way, I am capable of having from time to...
Too bad everything I know about Greek mythology comes from the Percy Jackson books, otherwise I'd love to contribute...
I am in agreement with Ummon. Hufflepuff
The Usual Suspects, that's a good one I forgot about. Keyser Sze!'"


4880: 'ENTPreneur I dont think there is anything unfortunate about your son being gifted, unfortunate would be not realizing and probably in turn him not realizing he is special.  Other articles I've read...
Counseling, Multiple Exceptionality, and Psychological Issues                       Title:       Misdiagnosis and dual diagnosis of gifted children         Citation:                      ...
that is interesting, imagine other crazy positive side effects a person might gain from a head injury
No, they say thats one of the interesting things about it is none of these people are savants
you're a smart guy, I like your strategies to develop functions a lot.. I'm no expert but that sounds like a perfect way to develop your Si.. mine used to be terrible and I had the worst sense of...
hiyo welcome
......wild
yeah it is incredible.  I was a sceptic right away and was going to pick it apart while watching but after seeing them in action you have to believe it.  why did that November 17 1983 was a Sunday...
Thanks for interpreting that for me, I will definitely do some more research to be sure.  I've done the test on that link before too, I think it gave me ESTP/ISTP but I don't completely relate to...
Oh, and imagine if every day you had to relive in vivid detail the time your grandma caught you jerking off and then died of a heart attack... thatd do wonders for your self esteem :P
You probably haven't heard of this phenomenon, or maybe you stumbled upon the 60 minutes' special on it before the Pats game on Sunday like me.  Superior Autobiographical Memory is a very new...
Cognitive ProcessLevel of Development (Preference, Skill and Frequency of Use) extraverted Sensing (Se) ************************************  (36.3) introverted Sensing (Si)...
Yup, I'm always a flirt.. its my way of interacting I'm playful and I  tease people mostly just to have fun and get away from boring  interaction.  haha @ travelinmax I have a bad habit of...
idk if I've met one before. but I feel like I would only absolutely HATE or absolutely LOVE another ENTP
No, keep going. I could listen to you talk all day  or any compliment on my personality, especially my sense of humor
My whole life I've felt different than the majority of people..   One of the few times I am emotional is when I realize how unemotional I am and feel sad about it.. make sense?
ha. I'm a really happy person but most days I wake up in an angry at the world mood, where everything is done wrong, and everyone is an idiot.  I need to do something entertaining or talk to people...
I think I might be a bit to crazy for YOU
and then you found 20 dollars?
^because we dont fit in and dont think the same way as most people
I'll try anything twice
:P I'll talk to you. how do you feel being bullied in the past has affected your personality today?
YouTube - Kneehigh Park  skip to 3:51... or watch the whole thing its fucking hilarious. but the quote I wanted to show is at that part when he sings his song and says I say Fuck it. :P
haha it is too much to handle, I love and hate Ne at the same time.  Good explanations though.. when I am stressed I can be a mix of the manipulative and selfish ENTP.
lol I love it. I say that all the time.  I always make up my own little quotes and sayings to explain things... one I just invented was...  Weaker men have been through worse    I will have...
stop talking to yourself
because you dont pursue them so you end up in the friend zone
well I'm not an expert but I happened to be reading up on narcissism a few days ago actually. I was looking at the specific traits and from what I read they are completely different than most people...
michael jackson, look up narcissism traits on google.. narcissists are empty self loathing pieces of shit, you're a conceited fuck but you're not a piece of shit :P
yeah I was bullied when I was younger because I was so quiet.. now I'm in the adult world and there are still bullies.. they are so easy to figure out now though, just have a really good comeback or...
OP is this what you were talking about?
lol. actually yes my brow comes out but you can only tell from my profile, and I've been called a caveman before, for other reasons than the brow too. maybe I'll take a pic for you
I'm like that, with a new relationship/prospect I get so into it and so excited for what could be, then things are great... and thenn I get bored :D
You obviously have never been tied up or tied anyone else up.. try it and you'll understand ;P
I like to be almost completely dominant, but of course this causes a problem when I'm with someone completely submissive.. I have to tell her EVERYTHING to do or she takes no initiative. I want to be...
absolutely. I'm a sucker for defined cheekbones.. and roleplaying.. meow ;)
Lmfao! Just to be a dick I say this exact sentence to people all the time
You have some good points about whether she reciprocates the feelings or not, but in life they male is the leader and he should make the first move.  In my experience a girl will lose respect for a...
Lol. He wants you, badly. But he doesnt have the balls to make a move, give him some strong signals and he will go for it.
ENTPreneur I think youre on to something.  I dont feel like ADHD or visual spatial thinking is a disorder at all.  People are different not everyone is the same.  Our brains work differently and the...
Thanks to the people who actually know about the subject and gave something positive. for the people who just decided that ADHD doesn't exist because they say so.. people with ADHD think and learn...
I was diagnosed with a mild case of Adult ADHD this april, havent gotten any medicine for it but I'm much more aware and knowledgeable about the disorder.  How many of you have it? How do you feel...
lol. homework.  No I never did my homework in middle school, or high school, and there is a lot less to do in college and I still do not do it :crazy: I should do it but every time I start my...
I gotta say no. not a fan of facial piercings
Just because wikipedia has a definition for common sense doesn't mean its right..  personally I dont think that definition makes sense, the last sentence of it sounds like the real definition. ...
I love it, I have a lot of fun going to the casino with my friends.  sometimes I make bad decisions but I'm working on self control after I lose money and have an urge to go to the atm or making huge...
maybe they dont enjoy it as much because the man isnt doing it right :P
Okay I re read your post that I originally quoted and everything you were saying about to casual sex is correct, but I was referring to when you said women don't enjoy the mechanical act of sex as...
I know exactly how you feel, I am working overnight shifts all week at my job, which are 945pm - 6am, so I cant go out at night and I am sleepng or exhausted during the day.  I get SO bored, when I...
I don't think you completely know what you're talking about.  Have you ever had sex?  as men we fucking love it but we just grunt and moan a little, when I'm having sex with a girl she cant...'"


4895: '  I see what ya did there lol
I love the last one. I love love love it.
This is my best friend who is an INTP 46174
I would like to see what other ENTP's blogs look like. So if you have one please post it here :)  Here is mine: Galaxy in Janaki
I am JUST sayin.
And I'm your girlfriend. That's what you saying to me :3 I'm flattered.
Well, the thing is I don't go looking for them. I had no idea that most of my exes were INTP's until my mom told me to have them take the test. And how eerily similar they all were showed the...
This is basically what it is, yeah
Pics or it didn't happen.
Haha! This is funny, but I've actually only met INTP's in real life. I've had 2 relationships with them and neither are completely over because of the strange compatibility. But the whole emotional...
This thread died. And so did a part of my soul :(
Woah that's weird... but I've had this username since like 07!!! YOU sir, are obviously just obsessed with me.
:'3 I just died inside a little. You INTP's are too cute lol
Genius! We can build an ENTP worshipers church with the profits! So things like this won't happen again :)
I was told this would happen ^
But how would that benefit us?
And all the ISTJ hair we had to use for that rope. -_-
Maybe I'll even invite them. I don't want to be impolite now.
I tried to tell them man :/ I mean I suppose if anything flattery is what we can take away from this. Rather than just a simple sense of our time being wasted. Our precious, precious time.
I'll keep this in mind when I'm out with his parents! I'm sure it will calm the nerves. :)
I don't know what it is, but I don't know what to do with myself when they come around. I am hopelessly attracted to them. But there is a problem:  Usually in my circle of friends I am the one with...
BTW this face is reserved for INTP's only <3
Some just don't have the awesome in them. It's alright. We need you guys to worship us :)
Oh momma!!! He's talkin bout his education! And I just can't stay away! Whatever shall I do?
Well, honestly part of the attraction lies within my understanding of them. That's what makes the attraction mutual. The fact that I can easily read them. It's beautiful :3
It's a very esoteric and complex ritual that one must go through before you are blessed with the name of ENTP. First, you will need the following: two oak branches rope made of virgin hair...
1. My mom made this thread about me (-_- thanks pink) 2. The INTP's always show me that I DO, in fact, have feelings 3. The INTP's can hurt me, though it's almost impossible for me to hurt them....
You guys,  Goats are like mushrooms; if you shoot a duck, I'm scared of toasters.
Tell me how it cures the cold.
I wasn't talking about your handle actually haha, I was simply making a general observation.
I have no set morals, I believe everything is relative. Boom.
Ever notice how may of the 8 characters are from cult films? Now dass cray cray home digitty dawwwggg.
Psh. I don't know what you're talking about
Well, I don't think that if you remained a sperm in your dads testiculars, you would have ever suffered and sort of depression. But that's just me.
Most likely out of spite :)
So, if I may interject your truly insightful commenting, I suppose since I have been silent this entire time I should say something.   Well this was not merely a troll post. No, no, this does indeed...
4214942150421514215242153
Thank you, I always make sure to wear the clothes from the fancy side of my closet before I proceed to engage in this activity.    No, I hire farmers to come over to my house and do it for me.
I suppose this topic as a whole is pointless simply because it's mostly based on opinion. All of the superhero's have about the same level of badassness and stamina, because they are fictional, and...
Isn't this argument irrelevant because Wolverine has that whole healing factor?[/QUOTE]  Ohmagosh you win Flapjack. I can't fight flapjack. So cute :3 take my house and my candy and just live on...
Double Post.
No bro. We're too cool to express our excitement right here. Composure man. Composure. Just walk away like you dgf. :cool:
Lol, this guy ^  This guy's aight.
INTP's get me going. It's like me with more composure. And I like me. I like me a lot.
Do you even read comics bro? I know I do. And this would be an impossible match anyhow.
Dear paranoid ENFP mom,  I'll bet he TOLD her to make him a sandwich like the jackass he may or may not be, and she then proceeded to tell him she wasn't going to to anything unless he used, and I...
Um, listen here mister ESFJ, Batman can take that chip and shove it way up Wolverines ass without him knowing before it's too late. He's got stealth man. And they're not just gadgets. He is highly...
When I eat a cheeseburger, I like to imagine being one with the cow. Like the cow is a part of me. I like to walk on all fours and moo sometimes too. When it gets real intense, sexually.
Batman, because fuck Marvel.
Wow - that's like asking why did the chicken cross the road? :dry:[/QUOTE]  I dream of a world where chickens can cross the road without their motives being questioned.'"


4901: 'Sooo just wondering if any of you lovely ladies find yourself using men's products? I cannot go a single day without my old spice and Bath & body works for men lotion.
Hahah..well I like biting :) Yeah, I think I am sure that I definitely use Ti now. I have been trying to figure all this out for days wondering if I was really an ENTP because I was completely in...
Yeah, I must have a strong Fe ability as well. I always thought I leaned towards ENFP because I followed the stereotype that all thinkers are generally cold and less friendly. But now, I know that is...
Thank you for all the help, dear. Yes, even when I thought I was an ENFP, I was quite aware that I used Ne all the time. My preference for intuition is 100%. Sometimes I envy sensors. As an ENTP do...
I definitely enjoy analyzing and learning more. My family tells me I have insatiable curiosity. Conflicting ideas is the best way to describe it. I would say that I do things that make sense to me. I...
Oh my. Well thanks for the help. I have switched from an ENFJ(which was completely wrong) to ENFP and now ENTP. Do you believe it is possible to change from a feeling to a thinking type as one...
I am comfortable talking about emotions but there is no way in hell I would ever keep my mouth shut to preserve harmony.
This is extremely helpful. Thank you, because I now realize that I certainly prefer Ti to Fi. I think what is in my heart often changes. I think I use Fi and I can understand feelers, but I don't...
I enjoy debates as well. As long as they are not with stupid people.Perhaps I really am more of an ENTP.
I think I tend to go for more spicy or woodsy perfumes. I sometimes wear Angel by Thierry Mugler. But my absolute favorite is Midnight Poison by Christian Dior :)
Do you guys think most enfps avoid confrontation? Especially in comparison to the more argumentative entps?
That is the perfect way to put it. That is exactly how I feel. But I believe I can ignore inauthenticity more than inefficiency.
Hahah. Most certainly, world domination.
Thank you all :) I was also reading some info about the auxiliary functions of both ENTPs and ENFPs. Since They are Ti and Fi. I read that they are both subjective but Ti is more about logical...
Would all of you just give me some characteristics of an ENTP, please? I am desperate to know what my type really is. I tested as ENTP twice, but my preference for Thinking is low, so I often act...
DOOOO IT!! Just don't expect a long term relationship or  ongoing sex or commitment or feelings. It could happen but I wouldn't set the bar too high. If you think it is worth it then there is nothing...
I mostly talk to older people & authority figures in the same manner that I would with most others. I think thats part of the charm. They are semi-baffled by how comfortable I am talking to them and...
Oh yeah, if you lose interest in me, I will immediately lose interest in you. No matter what.If you are referring to your own partner in your question, I don't think there is an equivalency between...
Yes!!
Sadly, I can rarely tell ! Even if I can tell, I feel like I always need frequent reassurance. Its odd because I am usually perceptive to people's behaviors and can often be flirtatious with others...
Math is definitely not for me ! Ughhh, just the thought makes my blood curdle. Haha, not really but I don't easily understand math. It takes a lot of effort and memorizing for me to do well in it. I...
I love whoever I can love. I really really love those that I trust or enjoy being around. I just don't make it a point to love everyone or be incredibly outgoing and have an astronomical number of...
I enjoy keep my things organized.. so I guess I am not stereotypically messy or all over the place. That I am just oozing out glee all the time. I can very well be serious. I am pretty...
Jeans and a t-shirt that reads GOTHAM CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT :-)
That is awesome ! I want to get my MBA eventually for Finance, though. How many years did you work before getting your MBA? Haha yeah IM is the best.
Aww : ( Maybe try to get into public relations?
Lol I am just asking him out to eat; I'm not trying to marry the guy.
Interesting. I feel like I can relate to that. Many people have told me similar things like they think I am really intimidating because I look so sure of myself and they feel like I can see right...
Just wondering if all you ENFPs get along with everyone or open up to strangers easily? I know ENFPs are supposed to be socially adroit and generally likeable but I have sometimes been told that I...
1. I don't have one. 2. Obviously, he knows my age..I wouldn't be so foolish as to use a fake ID anyway. 3. Out of curiosity, why do you seem to believe that this unquestionably doomed? I get that...
I don't believe I have ever been ignored by anyone.Oh, the perks of being an ENFP. But, if I was ignored by someone I knew, I would try to talk it out if the person was worth it. Or I would pretty...
This varies a bit ! If I have been consistently spending a lot of time with people for extended periods/ and going to a lot of parties and events it may take me couple days of shunning the world to...
Would someone be so kind as to give me some theories or specific occurances/examples that would determine which one I am? I feel like I have balance of both and sometimes I test as ENTP sometimes,...
I was going to say PANTHER. Ahhh maybe I am actually an ENTP : /
Good !! I hope he is willing to take it a step further.
Hmm, how old are you? You never know, we may go on a date sometime too ; ) Yes, I am interested in all the possibilities..I don't have a singular idea of the type of relationship I want with him....
I didn't know about the age gap there, that would be creepy. Do you watch the show House by chance? No seriously, it's fun to have crushes but I hope this is all it leads to. I'm sure he'd be...
Yes, I understand. The age difference has been the source of much trepidation for both of us I believe. Well we are not a couple by any means. I think we just keep spinning in this vortex of...
Hahahaha, you are hilarious. I hope that is his reaction too.
Will do! Thank you, darling :-)
Yes, the age difference has been the cause of  much confusion for me. I still feel like there is a chance because everyone agreed that his actions show affection and attraction towards me and I also...
True. I will give it a shot! I am guessing that I will potentially have to iniate the hang out later as well. haha
Yeah that may very well be, but I need someone who doesn't feel like they have to give me attention all the time. I actually hate when men are like that so it is one of the reasons I like him so much...
@ INTJ the DC Yeah that may very well be, but I need someone who doesn't feel like they have to give me attention all the time. I actually hate when men are like that so it is one of the reasons I...
How do INTJs like being asked out? Anything particular? I considered messaging him sometime and asking if we would like to go out to lunch next week?[/QUOTE]  I'd love that. I'd find it amazing...
That is interesting. I am not sure I entirely agree with you just because there is more to all of this and I don't think it make sense to condense a person's romantic style into a single category.
Yes, I am trying to make things happen quickly. No, I am not an infantile..nor do I want him to take care of me because I am younger.. I am very independent and so is he. He has been very clear...
You didn't have to read it and reply if it gives you a headache. The only reason I am being so dubious is because he has NEVER been vocal about what he thinks of my personality or wanting to go out...
Haha..yes, it always seems like he is deciphering a puzzle when he looks at me. How come touch is such a huge factor for INTJs? It seems like I touch people I don't flirt with too but from everything...
Thanks for all the responses! I hope that this him flirting then because I used to think he only treated me special because I am a lot younger than him and feels some inherent need to take care of...'"


4902: 'Raja - ENTP Jinkx - ENFJ Sharron - INFP Alaska - INFP Bianca - ESTJ Sasha - ENFP Adore Delano - ENFJ Detox - ESFP Roxxxy - ESFP Violet - ESFP
I still think Dumbledore is an ENTP in MBTI and an ILE in Socionics. He could be an INFJ. Arguing about it is futile, you can easily make an argument for both. THe same with JK Rowling, who I still...
No, I'm not buying Hermione is an introvert nor am I not buying she is a perceiving lead. ESTJ.   I always saw Ginny as a Beta Quadra. She could be an ENFJ, though I still lean towards ESTP with...
He never seemed a very physical bully, more pick on you from afar. Actually, he seems kind of deterred from physical-ness. The judging lead + Si this is how its suppose to be + shitty home...
Harry: ISFP Ron: ESFP Hermione: ESTJ Draco: ESFJ Hagrid: ESFJ Molly: ESFJ Arthur: ENTP Ginny: ESTP Fred & George: ENTP Percy: ESTJ
definitely alpha quadra, most likely irrational. I'm actually leaning towards ILE-Ne putting on an SEI interview front due to being enneagram 6w7 (she most likely is). SHe seems kind of uncomfortable...
Just read the first book and watching the show now  Eddard: ISTJ Catelyn: INFP/Some Delta Quadra Sansa: ESFJ Arya: ENFP TYrion: ENTP Jaime: ESTP Cersei: ENTJ, possibly INTJ RObert: ESFP
xNTJ  Type most likely to throw a Halloween party but forget to show up
She's an ESFP
She's an ENFP. I'd say she actually lacks Ti - she's all about Te. The Fe is probably because she's in the media and needs to play it up. It's not as though ENFPs are incompetent in that area. You...
As far as houses and types go:  Gryffindor: Beta Quadra (ISTP, ESTP, ENFJ, INFJ) Ravenclaw: Alpha Quadra (ESFJ, ISFJ, INTP, ENTP) Slytherin: Gamma Quadra (ISFP, ESFP, ENTJ, INTJ) Hufflepuff:...
Dumbledore always came across more very well developed ENTP be me. I think Alpha Quadra makes more sense for him compared to Beta. INFJ is possible. INTJ possible as well, but Fe-Ti makes more sense...
Emma Watson isn't an INFJ.  I would say ISFJ possibly ISTJ possibly INTP in that order of likelihood. I don't see any valuing Se or Ni.
I am re-watching it.  Situation: ESTJ Pauly D: ISFJ (Enneagram 7w6 So/Sx which is why he doesn't look typical ISFJ) Vinny: ESTP Ronnie: ISFJ (?) possibly a dumb ENTP Snooki: ESFJ JWOW: ESTJ...
Be what you want, but none of your writing style seems Ne-dominant to me. Kind of comes across more Ne-try hard. Could be Ne role or Ne HA
Ill do season 6 cause I just rewatched it  Janelle - ISTP Kaysar - ISFP James - ISFP Eric - ESTJ April - ESFJ Maggie - INFP Ivette - ESTJ Sarah - ISFJ
Yeah, I've watched some more interviews with her and I'm back on board with ISFJ. Her new image threw me a little, but I agree - if you look at her across her entire career Si>Se
I'd also look in to ESFJ. Ne hidden agenda seems to make sense for you.
Okay, but I saw this discussion as independent as far as typing Luna goes
That's true, and that is why I don't think she is an INFJ - I just didn't think that INFJs are good @ blending was a good enough basis to claim to have debunked INFJ.   INTPs are not uncommonly...
You haven't even debunked INFJ, and I don't know what type I think she is - I am just exploring ideas.  INFJs can be straight up awkward in many cases. A lot of them do morph to fit the crowd, but...
Meh, I know plenty of ISFJs who play up the apathetic approach. I really don't think she is an INTP because I don't think she is a rational (in the socionics sense of the word) and I don't think...
Meh, that is not completely true - there are plenty of INFJs who come across as a little crack-potty the first time you meet them. Plus, having grown up with her father (who was probably an ENP of...
You seem pretty alpha quadra. Your whole demeanor seems very ISFJ to me!  Read this - does it fit?  Socionics - the16types.info - ISFp description (Filatova) edited!  (Ignore the fact that it...
Alpha:  Socionics Quadras: Alpha  or Gamma:  Socionics Quadras: Gamma
Meh, seems independent of both really. It could be either and you could make an argument for both. You could also make an argument that it is Ti or Te. Not enough information and ultimately not...
Yes, because I said she appeared INFJ in the movies, but I never extrapolated this to suggest that because she may appear INFJ in the movies that she is an INFJ  All of the times I argued for...
http://www.campsawtooth.org/CST/Images/Photos/Campfire_Ring1.jpg  Take a look at that picture - what do you see.      As an Ne dom I see one thing, campfire. I genuinely don't see the...
Itx92s That Episode 51: Aubrey Plazax92s Brush with Reality TV - Splitsider Here is her less out of schtick. More SEI-y to me.  Her Ne perceptions to me always come across as kind of forced, though...
LOL, that's why my post is clearly separated in to two sections  If I wanted to use the movie to support the idea of Luna being an INFJ (I don't think she is) then my observation would have been...
ISFJs have Ti. Meh, most of those traits are present in xSFJs tag-along researcher seems very xSFJ, actually, with dual-seeking Ne/Ti  I recently re-watched OOTP movie and I find she actually...
I think she is beta because she is more prone to outter dramatics than the average alpha quadra member does. Even dramatic alpha quadra members still lack the Se intensity.  More specifically I think...
Go back to page one, it's all there
First of all, lol I don't even like Taylor Swift so no. Second of all, you provide no evidence or argument what-so-ever for your claim, you just demand that I believe it. I'm willing to consider ISFJ...
She was on Big Brother Canada.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WG18MGG69Bo   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJOJutRADm0   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHWPXGm9w04
Sure, but I don't think she is an ISFJ - I think she is an ESTP. Beta quadra makes the most sense to me and I see Se-Ti with enneagram 3 making her push Fe more to be socially acceptable.  ...
i.e., You need to think MORE LIKE ME OR YOUR WRONG  yes, fascinating. I provide lots of evidence of why I think she is an ESTP and you reply with omg youre getting carried away with information,...
I see for Se-Ti than I do Fe-Si. I really don't see Fe as her lead function.
Yeah, that is an alpha quadra trait which is particularly pronounced in xSFJs:  Alpha types are inclined to discuss stories told in detail and according to the sequence in which events happened,...
Her entire presence is beta quadra. She is most likely an enneagram 3 which could give her an SFJ flavor due to it being appropriate however, to me the Se-Fe pairing is quite obvious, particularly...
No, I mean ESTP. Se-Fe makes more sense than Fe-Ne. She is actually not that personable if you watch interviews of her. Her Fe does not come naturally (though she clearly has it). Plus, her entire...
I actually find her Ti to be more Hidden Agenda-y than ego. She clearly likes Ti and Ne as functions, but I really don't see her having that good of use over either. If you watch interviews that...
Hmm, obviously there is no way to tell from just one video but she could be an ENTP. I'd say alpha quadra as my first bet and beta as my second. She definitely has Fe!  Just re-watched the video...
She could be an INFJ, but I think the Ne is what shines through. Plus, I think Alpha Quadra makes the most sense for her
I actually think she is an ISFJ who plays ENTP for the LOL. I've listened to a few podcasts she is in and she is very different when she just talks with people. Very grounded and small-talky. Plus,...
She's an ESTP
Can we try JK Rowling again?  Most say INFJ or INFP, but I have recently watched interviews with her and I actually think she may be an ISFJ
No, not particularly. That is a limited way to look at function development, strength, and preference.  Ne inferior: accepting all of her father's views without great scrutiny  Her entire persona...
I could actually see ILE for her as well. I could also see LII. I don't think there really is enough exposure to her throughout the series to come to one accurate typing, though Alpha Quadra seems to...
The order of the functions dictates how they will most likely be used, not how often they will be used. There are plenty of INTPs who have more visible Fe than ISFJs, and there are plenty of ESFJs...'"


4906: 'What? I wasn't being passive aggressive?? I genuinely think it's cute, I genuinely love my friends who do it, but it also genuinely makes me feel embarrassed. Embarrassment might not even be the...
I have to consciously decide on my morals, and I usually decide based on how I want other people to see me, or what affects me personally. For example, I'm a feminist because I've realised being a...
INFJs are too cute, too sensitive for me. I know we're supposed to be a great match, and I crushed on soooo many INFJs during my school career. They're fun to date for a while, and the cuteness kills...
First, your idea of what it means to be an extrovert is super wrong. ENTPs interact with things outside of their heads, meaning they're less likely to think about yesterday and more likely to solve...
For me personally, if I don't reply right away, there's a good chance I never will. When I talk to people online, it's for fun rather than real human connection or relationship building. It's a spur...
@stormfyre ENTPs in long term relationships enjoy small talk. It's not the small talk they like so much, but the direct attention of a partner who wants to communicate with them. In this regard it's...
I wasn't married, but I dated an INTJ once. I was attracted to everything about him, but it didn't work out. I always felt a bit left out, almost like I was a second thought or somewhat unimportant,...
Some of my best friends are ISFJ, and I love them. I love the way they listen, and ask all the right questions, and let me rant and share things honestly. They don't judge me, and they express...
I've never had trouble seducing women - even straight women :p
Unfortunately it's not such an easy fix. I take vitamin D supplements (among almost every other vitamin), because my mums a health nut, so my vitamin D levels are always up. I'm also on fish oils,...
I've never been seen as an unhappy person, and I've never thought of myself as anything less than happy. But sometimes, maybe once or twice a year, for as little as a day or as long as a month, I...
I do freelance illustration in my free time~  edit: swapped tumblr link for attachment... I'm not sure why some load bigger than others. If you want my tumblr sketchblog or deviantart link, pm me c:
Hey guys So, I've always been a bit of a social butterfly. I love being surrounded by people who like and admire me, even people I may not find particularly interesting or likable. I just love the...
My suggestion would be, find a life you're passionate about. Find a place you really want to live, and people you really want in your life. Decide how much free time you want, and how much money you...
I have 7 people who I consider my very close circle of friends. These are people whose houses I can turn up at whenever I want, even at 3am on a Monday morning, who I never get bored of, and who I'm...
I don't sleep anymore so I started seeing monsters on the ceiling and tentacles and spiders and cobwebs everywhere so my boyfriend made me call healthline   Hotline Nurse: No, your sleeping pills...
The last friends I made, I made by saying We should be friends. They said Okay!! and now we're friends. To be fair, I was a little bit tipsy both times, but it worked!
Recent facebook conversation, although I'm not entirely sure what type she is  friend: why haven't you come to class this week? me: because I haven't done any work in three weeks and don't want my...
Characteristics: 1. Self confidence 2. Intelligence 3. Ambition 4. Spontaneity  5. Kindness  Physical Features: 1. skinny 2. bright eyes
Can we define 'real friends' and acquaintances?  Most of my friends could disappear from my life and I wouldn't miss them a whole lot, but that's purely because of my ability to make new friends...
People hate my indecisiveness too! I dread questions like 'where should we go for dinner?', 'what day should we do ___ ?' and 'what theme should our party be?', that are hard and fast and affect...
Me: I was wondering, how much would it cost to get my hair done for a formal event? Hairdresser: About $45 Hairdresser: What day is your event? Me: Saturday Me: Are you open on Saturdays?...
Radicalism 85.75   Socialism 50   Tenderness 40.625
@Signify Trust me, I Ti'd the whole thing apart in my head for weeks before admitting to anyone that I might actually be in love, haha. I'm very aware of all the possible things that could go wrong,...
I've recently fallen in love, and it's changed me. It hasn't changed my personality at all, but other little things I thought were so absolutely 'who I am and who I always will be'. I used to think I...
I think love letters are really cute. Even if I don't return the romantic interest, I appreciate them. However, there a couple of things that turn me off when people approach me with any kind of 'I...
I'm a Gemini and a twin, but I've never believed in astrology (my mum, on the other hand, refuses to let me date anyone born under Taurus or Cancer).
I never get pms, but if this is what it's like, I swear I'd probably commit at least one murder a month! I don't know how woman deal with it. So far I've only met two people who can trigger this...
Normally, I am the most laid back, gentle, people-loving, non-irrationally-or-rudely-confrontational person you will ever meet. But some days - very, very few and far between - I wake up and hate...
I actually have no idea - he's the one person I've been unable to even guess at.
I have a really, really awful memory, so I keep a diary (when I remember to!). It helps me remember it all a little bit better, but mostly it means I can go back and read over it again later when I...
Fern, a friend actually posed this question to me recently, pointing out that the person I lie to most is myself. I think it's not so much that I lie to myself, but if there's something I don't want...
All the ENTPs I know are very open people; they don't have many secrets. I think this makes people trust us almost completely. But we all have secrets and lie sometimes. Everyone hides things.  So...
What are you like with endings?  I realized in my creative writing paper that I have trouble ending stories. This made me realize I have trouble ending parts of my life. I like to keep things as...
My boyfriend reckons I'm the clumsiest, most awkward (in the way I do things like get in and out of cars when carrying things, or move myself through a large crowd) person he's ever met XD
offtopic, but sometimes there are things I'm terrified of thinking of, so I don't. I'm good at blocking out thoughts about things that might stress me out, like deadlines or relationship issues.
I dated one INTJ for 6 months. I could have loved him, but he never loved me, and we never really got to know each other. He was married to his work and we only saw each other occasionally during our...
When you can avoid thinking about things entirely in order to avoid stress and/or conflict and/or complications, to the point where you're almost lying to yourself about the potential of the issue...
I just want to spend the rest of my life as a housewife and stay-at-home mom okay I really like babies and laundry why can't people understand that
Give me a couple of years and I'll let you know! :p
Option 2! Only because I worked worse hours for my degree last year and not only survived, but enjoyed having something to do all day every day. I'd also like to be able to retire early and travel a...
I'm going to assume these are on topic and things you won't hear an ENTP say ;p
Your curiosity actually has me questioning my tritype now! haha. It's been a while since I last looked into anneagrams. I'll do a bit more research and get back to you c:. I do know I'm somewhat...
Sure am :)
As much as I love talking about myself, I love digging into other people's head even more and getting them to question things about themselves. I love getting people to talk about themselves on a...
I can't go on an adventure tonight, sorry. I just got this new assignment - I know it's not due for a couple of weeks, but I want to make sure I do a certain amount every night so I can keep on top...
Are you pro-life, or pro-choice? Why?
You were right when you stated X, but my points were no less valid. Your argument was just better applied and more well informed about the topic at hand. I may have just gone a little off-topic in my...
Sorry, but I don't think I will - I've never tried that before and I'm really scared I won't like it.
My boyfriend recently pointed out that I struggle to keep eye contact with him for more than a few seconds. My best friend once commented on this as well. For some reason, keeping eye contact with...'"


4916: 'Hey Lady Lullaby,  Thanks for commenting! I've actually forgotten about this post so it was a nice surprise. :)  I think it is a sketchy comparison, too. But I've found that sometimes the subtype...
So here's the thing.  I've identified and tested as an ENTP, and I fit the general physiognomical stereotype of an ENTP: Shaped something like a potato, Tom Hanksy nose, mischievous eyes, lazy and...
You could be XNTJ.  Supposedly ENTP's are really good entrepreneurs, but I don't fit that bill. I think like StunnedFox said, it's just a general sense not specific.  You should try to strip the...
91294
Oh. Okay, then.
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you: PersonalityCafe.  Are you bashing gays and lesbians while you're at it, too?
Lilyanith Absolutely breathtaking analysis! I love your FerengiCon story, that seems highly illustrative of the INTJ/ENFP relationshipin fact, probably like many other IJ/EP relationship. This was...
Dedication Actually as an ENTP I do have Si as my inferior. It makes me sentimental to the point where I try not to let anybody know just how connected I am with my past. The feeling is there all the...
ENFP - Ne, Fi, Te, Si INTJ - Ni, Te, Fi, Se  You can see that the functions dovetail quite nicely. I think it's great that ENFP's have the capability of keeping you balanced as a person. And you...
Great points.  When it comes to conversations, ideas, and interactions, they're confident and sure.  When it comes to orchestrating events and taking people's experience into consideration,...
GuitarGuy3826    I've been learning that this is the favorite activity between a Scientist and an Inspirer. It seems they like to just talk and discuss ideas best of all.  It sounds like you...
I think that's the key to understanding Intuitive Intellectualism vs. Sensor Intellectualism. I've noticed that Sensors do like to talk about brainy subjects too, but only if they're grounded in...
Super, super helpful, Chimeric.    This was my guess about how INTJ's deal with their problems, vs. the expectations of ENFP's.  Thus far, all the ENFP's that responded have envied time...
as opposed to NTPs, who just have intellect with no real world application  WaitI was just jabbed by an ENFPI would like to be your friend, please. :D
Well, what I mean is, generally it doesn't confuse them like it does other types.
On forums, we sometimes have similar thinking and would look at each other if something was expected. Sometimes. And the other times, if we're on the same side of 'cornering' other people (in a fun...
Many insightful points, EyesOpen!  I can really agree with your view on 2. The ENFP I knew would've been a POWERHOUSE if he had the confidence in himself. But I think his ideals and expectations of...
I'm working on a book right now, the two main characters are INTJ and ENFP, both males, and being neither type (ENTP here) I was curious as to the dynamic between the two friends.  What are your...
I'm working on a book right now, the two main characters are INTJ and ENFP, both males, and being neither type (ENTP here) I was curious as to the dynamic between the two friends.  What are your...
I'm 5'7, and middle-heavy. Broadish build. This seems to be a trend. The extra insulation (guess you could say famine preparation) comes from sitting around a lot, reading books and writing...
Attention Executives  This is hard to find stats on. Do any of you ENTJs have (or had) an ENTP best friend?  If so, how was your experience?  As an ENTP, three of my best friends have been...
I've been studying MBTI and Carol Tuttle's DYT and I'm trying to find a balance.  For those of you who don't know, Carol Tuttle is a stylist who groups body/personality types into four categories:...
I just looked up and ISFJ is a very likely match. Cool! Wouldn't have come up with this option without you guys' help. Thanks!
I've tried discussing things like Religion & stuff, politicsNever comfortable with it. It's like he's scared of it.  A tolerant ISTJ?
I've never been involved romantically but I've always had an attraction to INTJ women. We get along extremely well. There's a perfect balance of intelligence, humor, wit, seriousness, carefreeness...
HmmmGood thoughts, everyone. On further speculation it seems that the definition of ISTP/ISTJ/INTJ fits him best.  Don't know what I was thinking :p
Wow, I come onto this thread and find it nothing but an excuse to invoke Tolkien and pictures of River Song  *Gasp* I think this is the FandomI'm outta here!!!
HmmmNot sure about dominant Fe, iamken. At first glance one might think he's a Thinker but then he doesn't quite deal with things rationally so much as he does emotionally. Does that make sense? ...
Hello, Givers.  I know this person (we'll call him Fred) who I think may be an ENFJ. I only say that because it seems to be the only possible option left.   E - I think he's an extrovert because...
- Clearance racks, yes! - Book stores, yes (though I prefer to spend hours at the library)!    That sounds a lot like an ENTP I know. She prefers hanging out with guys and discussing huge...
Wow @Sapphyreopal5, you just pinpointedeverything. Especially liked this bit:    Could you, possibly, expound on what you said about not fitting people's ideas of how a woman should act? I'm...
*looks at all the ping-pong videos*  Well, I think that just happened.  Here's the way it works for me: Deep, meaningful, theoretical, wildly animated conversations x97 +1+1+1 Energy Points!...
*looks at all the ping-pong videos*  Well, I think that just happened.  Here's the way it works for me: Deep, meaningful, theoretical, wildly animated conversations  +1+1+1 Energy Points!...
I wonder how many Es go I because they're intuitives. I know when I'm around a group of Sensors, I shut down because the difference in thought patterns between N's & S's is HUGE and many times I just...
Good call, Unforeseen Challenges. Thanks. :)
I only used the Muslim example because it's closest at hand right now.    Well then you're not exactly equal opportunity    If they're not religious as the last bit implies, you make it...
Very good observations.  I have noticed the manipulative bit. Their masterful area is their emotions.
You're right. I did use the wrong word, I should've said signature.  Anyway while we're nitpicking about diction, you did say change, not moderate in your original post. Also, it seems you used...
DiamondDays, I meant Misunderstood, as in people don't really understand or agree with many things I say or do, especially since I'm an Intuitive in a Sensor world. As this is who I am, I try not...
PowerShell, I totally agree with jdstankosky. This summer I was working about fifty-sixty hours a week and when I got home, I didn't want to talk to ANYBODY. Being tired all the time definitely...
sighcantthinkofaname Wow! Very spot-on for an ESFJ. I think that's the thing about them for me. They're genuinely nice people. Maybe too nice.  I know as an ENTP I've got a streak of evil in me....
LOLI think he was talking about your grammar, OWB :)  Deja Vu Yep, that's one of the biggest problems.  I guess the issue I'm talking about is where we don't connect on almost anythingHere are...
I've always been attracted to INTJ's (though always on a friendship basis). I can see myself being with an INTJ.
I think what we see as shallow small talk is typically people being uncomfortable, or as I've noticed S-types typically have conversations that we N-types view as meaningless or superficial (just...
Hey Visionaries.  I've consistently had a history of strained relationships with ESFJ's. By strained, I mean we've had a hard time understanding each other. Here are some examples. ESFJ'sx85   Read...
Hey everybody. I know that ENTP's can tend to be the most introverted extrovert. (Or as I like to put it, the most misunderstood extrovert.) We tend to be extroverted, that is, we are recharged by...
Being a Perceiver, I elected that DW is for P's and ST is for J's.  I believe that NuWho is more for Perceivers than the old series. If you think about it (about to fanboy on everyone, sorry), in...
Mercy on us allIf Moffat ever appears in my backyard, I'm running off to play ball with Sauron.
And I'm an INTP to and totally loving my type! We may be one of the most misunderstood of all thinkers. (We live almost completely in our heads, tend to be detached from our emotions, and are sloppy...
Sorry to hear that :( I hope you can figure out which type you are, though. Once you do, it will definitely help you recover. :)'"


4962: 'Extraverted Delusion ( I'm realy sorry for my bad english )    Ok let me put it in another way, we have to choose a product. then prepare a presentation in which we describe our product and give...
Hay guys,  I have a presentation about pricing. Each student need  to choose or invent a product and price it. So my class mates products were:  - Chocolates - Camera - Makeup - Iphone Know...
I was straggled between ranvenclaw and slytherin, but when I read the welcome message, and the description for the both houses I decided that ravenclaw description fits me better although I'm highly...
Hay every one, which tritype do you think will be good match for 7w6-3-1 tritype?
Belive it or not, I only met few intj's in my life and all of them were 4 !!!!  As for the rest which is based on my experience  :-  istp's - 5 entp's - 7 and 6 enfp's - 7 istj's - 1 and 6 ...
Fore sevens:  4's (we always attract each other) 9 (they fallow our planes and most of my friends are 9s) 3 (Im attracted to their ambition and their attitude)  5 (we make great team) I thinks...
In short, it means that you are cool.:cool:
458  30082
YES! I daydream like 7 hours per day and most of the times I talk when I daydream looooool.
ESFJ's, my cousin ahhhhh firest,they don't understand intelligence they believe the one who gets the heights mark in school is considered the most intelligent person ,which means ISTJ's are the...
ue32eSNAPE ..SNAPE .. severus snape ue32e ue106ue106ue106
I did :-   Snape - harry potter Vegeta - dbz  Kaiba - yu gi oh    I think they are all Intjs looool I just love mysterious characters
I think snape is an intj 5w4
loool my mom is an isfp and my dad is an entp they have a wonderful relationship and me also I have a wonderful relationship with my mom . I have been always attracted to INTJ's they are my firest...
I love clothes , bags and perfumes so I LOVE shopping !
http://weeaboo.files.wordpress.com/2008/02/touhou-enneagram.png
and I'm only speaking about Hairy women not little body hair.  so mmmm then if you are comfortable walking in the street with your too much body hair then I congratulate you that you have proven...
the logical reason  to shave your body hair is the same reason to why your shaving your moustache unless you dont mind walking in the street with your moustache and children and men would start to...
I agree with you .
mom   isfp   -    9w8 dad     entp  -    6w7 brother istj   -   1w9 brother enfp -   7w8 sister    istj   -    2w3 cousin   istp  -     5w6
Extroversion 




| 66%  Orderliness 

 30%  Emotional Stability 




| 70%  Accommodation 



|| 54%  Inquisitiveness 





 76%   type is SCUAI...
 CRAZY    I can't believe that I have forgot to mention it .
Well , my cousin and my friends  also teachers always tell me that they could read me easily  , I guess it's my enneagrame 7w6 , also sometimes when I'm really stressful  I try to hide my feelings...
 tide your room KNOW ! 
argumentative , know it all  , kind , brave, optimistic and easy to read .
I mean bored.
yeah I know but I was bord but thank you anyway.
harry     isfp       6 - 2 - 1 Hermione  istj      1w9 - 6w5 - 3w4 ron       esfp       6w7 - 3w2 - maybe 9w8 molly     esfj       2w1 - 6w7 - 8w9 draco     estp     3w2 - 6w7 - 8w7 snape   ...
yeah that makes sense Especially his enneagrame 2w1 , but also being overly nice isnt a natural INTP thing but there is always an exception .  BUT i dont see Ti as a dominat function in trunks and...
wow I think that is a weird thing dont you think ?   I have an intp aunt well she hates fe moments you know hugs moments , well she says thank you and sorry but not that much .
Well I didnt type trunks as an infj because of vegeta point of view but that was only an example , Now you said that INTP's Fe can become more dominant and uncontrollable when the INTP is...
I dont belive that trunks is an intp vegeta always call him weak because of his feelings I think trunks is an infj Tertiary Ti or infp also i dont think bulma is a f person  she is very logicall...
ohhh sorry i was thinking about deepika padukone , well I think Priyanka is an extp.
i think that she is an infj
Goku isfp  Vegeta ixtj  Bulma entp Trunks infj Chichi esfj Yamcha estp  Picoolo intj Gohan isfj   I think its very hard to tell because akira always changes the their peronality in every new...
ok, but YOU are going to jump without a rope then it's going to be FUN :)
I HAVEN 't met an infj male but I have met a lot of infj females and they are always attracted to me it's realy easy for me to build a friendship with them without really trying and one of them is my...
Nah, i do this all the time :) let's think of somthing else ?
wow , we are nearly the same tritype!
my tritype is 7-3-1 , wings (7w6-3w2-1w9).
I HAVEN 't met an infj male but I have met  a lot of infj females and they are always attracted to me it's realy easy for me to build a friendship with them without really trying and one of them is...
now, if I add android to the poll is it going to win ?
which one will an entp prefer and why ?
i'm 7w6  and my tritype is 7w6 - 3w2 - 1w9 i think it's weird for an entp to be  type 1 .
How could i develop my se function ?
Hay guys , i would love to know your opinion of this : type1 best match : worst match :  the same goes for type 2, 3,4.5,.... and it would be awesome if you could suggest the tritype like : ...
check in here  Characters on Ally McBeal by Enneagram Type
I do when I&#8217m stressed i get cold, introvert and working very hard.
me too! and i love my Religion.
People who are stubborn ,who believes that they are always right and people who are controlled by there emotions.'"


5019: 'There is also a crap-tonne of mistyping and stereotype roleplaying in almost all personality typing forums too where people type to get one of the more dominant and admirable types. This is one of...
I'll just take a guess here, but I think the key is how these two types interpret the situation or translate it to their brains.  ENTPs are, at their core, debaters and excell att psyching out...
AceTrainerGreen   I can only refer to myself (although have seen similar trends with other ENTPs here on the forum and IRL) but it's really just boiling down to touch fire to know it hurts.  Si...
I would tell my self this:   *Rely on your intuition more. *Don't be a smug little shit, you're not as clever as you believe yourself to be. *Prepare yourself, you're about to hit one of the most...
I admire empathy, loyalty, and integrity:  *Empathy because it's one of the most important traits (in my opinion) of being a decent human being. No logic or intelligence will redeem you if you are...
alternatively, when good point, that's true, and you're right are almost always followed by some variance of ...to some extent Sorry I had to continue that one XD it was spot on!  When you...
Thaaat's not stricktly true~ (if I may rudely butt in like this) Chances are higher that we (more empathic ENTPs) will remember something if it's related to directly to our partner. Success or not,...
It really is too bad, because calculus is in my opinion one of the most thrilling parts of mathematics. It REALLY tickles the Ne once you see the main pattern. Actually, I would even go as far as...
alright, trash-talks about people's profile pics aside, I generally don't think us ENTPs competetive in the traditional sense. We are too self-absorbed trying to overcome our own limitations and...
Math can be a real pain to learn and especially in school when you need to show step-by-step each part of a process. However the kicks you get from actually understanding some new theorem or solving...
You bring up som really good points there.  Society really doesn't prepare us very well. I can only speak for my own time studying, but I always felt it all was pretty crushing. I was a good...
ENTPness you say he's introverted because of his coldness, but have you ever considered that he basically malfunctions and goes on self-destructive sprees everytime he's left alone? A contrast to...
I ge the feeling of a common theme of us ENTPs having a rough time finding a place in the world that we feel comfortable with~  It does bring up a question though, do we have yet to find a place in...
What is this? A proper post with sensical comparisons? I'm sickened that someone dares to defile this thread of bullshit snark and dripping sarcasm!
I'm an ENTP and a Leo, does that I will suffer some emotional identity implosion now?
So.. from what i gather from this, only the first quick summary of the personality types actually had some kind of usefulness? I don't see how all that other stuff as income is even relevant to...
I would truly appreciate if somebody could take this on and condense this hypothesis. It's interesting but (as mentioned earlier) it's quite the read even for people with good reading stamina like...
Good OP and good stuff from @KillingTroubleShooter there! I think alot of people are curious about the Enneagram but shies away when they don't fully understand what it's about :)  On a side note,...
I don't hate any types really. Some of them leaves me tired and exasperated. Others leaves me intrigued.  That said, two types does come to mind. INTJ: can be some real assholes. However, I tend...
Was bullied by this super strong and large guy in 1st grade elementary school. Then we became friends once we started talking and hanging out together.   I helped him with a couple of things since...
I feel feelings and all, it's just that I take very few things personally and In that regard I have quite the thick skin.  However even I have limits and principles (albeit few and versitile :P )...
I sometimes eat pancakes with both ketchup and jam at the same time, much to the dismay of everyone around me at the dinner table.
Well, i guess that's the gist of what I'm saying :) Since the juding function in INFJ is focused externally, it's only natural that it would make decisions and take a stance accordingly.  In ENTP Ti...
Do you get anything from telling us about the lack of statistical evidence of MBTI in it's own forum?  All who have even the slightest knowledge about MBTI and cognition will know there aren't much...
My Dear Sunshine I just wanted to say that you're an amazing person, and that you shouldn't let anyone tell you otherwise. You've helped me in ways you don't realize so please raise your head and...
I have been browsing the thread for hours and I still have no idea what this is all about, yet I find myself happily attracted to it. :3
So...more ENTPs should become moderators? Am I getting that right? I rather kick back, relax and grab myself a beverage and either enjoy watching the discussion or ditch them if they turn tedius
My confession will be kind of dark, but please bear with me. I'm generally speaking a nice and slightly over-empathic guy. But there is one thing I need to get of my chest. I really, totally and...
One thing really makes me tick above all else: When weak and petty people try to establish dominance and self-esteem through other people. In short bullies. I am generally a very empathic dude, but...
You are mostly correct. Imposing beliefs and ideas on other can come across as that. How they handle that however is very much up to the individual. I mean, only in the ENTP area, we would either...
I feel your pain :) I had the opposite though. My friends were so shocked after the debate thing in school that it took me literally weeks to convince them that I did not in fact condone any of the...
Another universal law: N always best function. Period. If we have to compromise, T is pretty decent too. But you better pray to divine powers if you are extroverted, sensing, feeling, judging!!!!...
Well, I want to spend my life with someone that is different from me, but also my equal. if it's someone I consider bellow my level I'll have a hard time respecting the person and feel held back,...
Speaking of deranged people, are there a type thread for Caligula? I would love reading that :3
dunno if it is mentioned before but:  When you have debates in class, given a standpoint you hate/know nothing about, and then argue it so well you convince everyone that you actually believe in...
Before i start, I just wanna warn you that I'm just speaking my own observations here, so don't take it for absolute truth :) alright, let's get started!  Well, there are always deviants I'm a 6...
I really appreciate these enneagram posts. It's quite a handfull for a casual like me to find any viable and concise information on 6s that aren't riddled with inaccurate nonsense or stereotypes. ...
Am 19 and by no means very experienced in life, but these are things that would have saved me alot of sleepless nights :)    You're entirely correct madam :) Childishness in my book is a...
Good stuff per usual Enthusiast :) I can vouch for the accuracy in my enneagram typology
I'm generally speaking a quite proactive and careful person, and heights are definitely one of my top fears.  That said, I find some weird pleasure in trying to overcome fear so I still find myself...
My advice to myself? 1. You're not as mature as you think you are. you'll go through the most psychologically devestating time of your life within a near future while also eating meds with severly...
I don't really think much about new and pretty shinies, but sometimes I just try them out just for the sake of them being new and shiny. It's very hit and miss however; if I like it, I'll continue...
I don't even get what the original poster wants to say with all of this, not to mention the misleading header. I would ask people to interpret it, but I wouldn't since I couldn't be bothered
why are the introverted versions always better?  They aren't. It's all inside your head ;)
I like sarcasm. I'll post a question of my own: if you were a soup, what soup would you be?
I don't get the appeal of all of these drug-produce sleeps (such as alcohol, Weed etc.). To me it gives no quality sleep what so ever, so I could equally well be up all night, in fact, I feel exactly...
I have found that sleeping long doesn't necessarly help me out feeling rested, but the quality. Here's some tips for that, based on my experience. I hope it'll be useful for you people :)  *I...
What is your MBTI type? -ENTP  What would you consider your deepest rooted fear? -To succeed my ambition and reaching my dream only to realize that I've caused more damage than I have fixed  I...
I'm currently playing Dark Souls 2.  My friend got me into this abusive human-game relationship around christmas time and now I'm stuck. Seriously though, I can't believe I haven't tried the Dark...
You have good taste, I like dem INTJs :) INTJ&ENTP combo makes a very brainy and dynamic couple. I'd ship that any day of the week:)'"


5034: 'I disagree actually.  if we found out we were in a simulation, the entire world would erupt into chaos.  Suddenly all aspects of every religion is now proven false, and to many people, life won't...
This is something I've been thinking about quite a bit lately.  I have a lot of scattered thoughts on the subject that I want to share.  Excuse my lack of knowledge on computer programming...I'm...
Geonerd  What I don't like about the function system is that it assumes that two people of the same type will have the same function stack.  I'm sorry, I can get behind there being 16 types of...
This is pretty much the right way to go about it.  You never want to put yourself in a position where the person you lie to has the power to figure you out so to speak.  Well, actually there's two...
Right and wrong is an individual decision.  Here's a tip.  As far as right and wrong goes, the only thing you need to listen to is the law.  Don't listen to what anybody tells you, not your teachers,...
I don't know why, but the way you word shit always reminds me of The Riddler.  But yeah it's pretty much the same with me.  I am usually overly nice to people I don't respect.  I'm trying so hard...
It's no secret that MBTI isn't the most respected when it comes to leading psychologists.  So my question is how can the theory of MBTI be improved upon to the point where it gets that respect that...
lol yeah I did something similar.  I was trying to get with this one woman and I told her that I was divorced and that my ex wife was a stripper and that she was basically a sociopath that used to...
Mainly lesbian because I find that hot, but I'm also into a lot of fetishes.  Thankfully I have done most of my fetishes with other women in the past, but there are still some extreme ones I have't...
I don't friend zone people, or at least if I do I'm not aware of it.  The truth is, people don't friend zone you, you friend zone yourself by not making your intentions clear and settling to stay...
Jackobuss  Yup, that's me too.  If I'm in a group with all extroverts I'll naturally act more introverted...I don't know why I do that, but I do.  I know for a fact that when you have that really...
This is funy because I am literally both of these.  I know I am a true ambivert more than anything and reading posts like this reaffirms it for me.  Sometimes I overthink and can't make a decision....
music box  Your post just oozes sex appeal haha.  It's funny because I haven't really given her a whole lot from my end.  I'm pretty good at seducing introverted women, and a lot more...
I'm pretty sure she's an ENFJ but she could also be an ESFJ...it's hard to tell.  I'm leaning towards ENFJ because I have had a few conversations with her and we were in sync a lot...she just...
I'm an ENTP but I dated an INTJ and I know another INTJ really well.  Both females.  This is only my personal experience so don't take it as any kind of a standard.  I'll be going over dating here. ...
INTJs and ENFJs mostly.  Something about me makes INTJs go crazy (from my experience) and ENFJs find me intriguing enough to want to take care of me and do favors for me.  I do connect really well...
I definitely have a lot of narcissistic traits that I am actually quite proud of (like from the actual disorder).  But a sociopath...eh...I don't think so.  First off, I never broke the rules when I...
I feel like it's ESTP, I think that's the most obvious, at least from my experience.  Maybe a J type, actually.  If I'm drunk and I'm in an intense one on one conversation...for some reason I act...
It depends on a lot of things.  I'll try to go through them as much as I can.  I don't like ESTP or ENTP males that have the Type 8 as their enneagram...they tend to be condescending and they seem...
They're nice I guess.  But from my experience they tend to be needy.  They ask you to do things for them and then they thank you so much.  It's annoying.  I don't think I could ever date an INFP...
Definitely ESTP.  He's very Se oriented.  Think of The Joker and then think of Deadpool...while on the surface they can have some similarities, the way they operate is completely different.  Joker is...
It's for a few reasons.  For one thing, being an asshole shows signs of dominance that has been embedded in our brains and genes since the olden days.  At the same time, it also shows confidence,...
Hades (Hercules) Randall (Monster's Inc)...actually he might be ESTP I think, been a while since I've seen it Freddy Kruger?  Only other choice would be ENTJ, but he seems more like a P than a J. ...
Like  Haldir, I too am very close to being middle of the road when it comes to I and E.  I personally hate it when I go to a party or social gathering and my friend knows everyone and I know...
Great topic, however I feel that Philosophy, Psychology and Politics would be much more up an ENTPs alley than History.  History deals with facts, the other three do not.  Of course, the argument can...
What is a fix?  I think I'm definitely more of a 9 than an 8 though, I'd much rather keep the peace than challenge people if it's just going to bring more bullshit.
So this is something I have struggled with pretty much my entire life.  I have always hated doing things I don't want to do to the point where I procrastinate until the last minute.  Obviously, this...
I think you should watch Mulholland Dr.  I found it overrated, but it's regarded as Lynch's best film and it's probably the most coherent out of his surreal films, though it's still a mind trip. ...
I'm a HUGE David Lynch fan, he's one of my favorite directors.  I have not watched Twin Peaks, however, I find it hard to get into a lot of shows because I get distracted with other things.  So many...
It says I'm most likely a type 9, but with the wing it would be 7w6.  Looking at both type 7 and 9, I feel like I would be a little more 7 then 9, but I am almost 50% both.  Combine 7 and 9 and you...
I find it odd that ENFPs use Te and ENTPs use Fe.  So if someone's more of an asshole to you then they're F (in this case) and if they're more passive about it they're T (in this case).
Pretty much this, though I want to add a few things.  I always try to keep myself psycho analyzed, and while it's great for awareness, it can also make you have some psychopathic tendencies if not...
I agree, but I understand it in a logical way more than I actually feel it.  I think it's very important for humans to have internal values.  Read 1984 or Brave New World or read up on...
1) People's unwillingness to see sides of something that differs from what they personally believe.  That grinds my gears so much.  2) No not at all.  3) INTJs, INFJs, ENFJs and ISTJs  4) I...
Yeah I...don't know what the hell he's talking about.
For me as far as looks goes, a lot of it is in the face.  If her face is beautiful, I can usually forgive anything else, of course there are exceptions.  Personality and ESPECIALLY intelligence is...
Anyway, to answer the OP, I'm 25, I'm not really that much into parties, they're too trendy and annoying and obnoxiously loud.  However, I do like going to the beach with some friends and making a...
That is an EXTREMELY diverse list of music groups.  I have a love/hate relationship with your list.  I never thought I'd see Harry Styles and the Stones in the same sentence.  Get rid of Styles and...
Morality can definitely be objective...the probelm is we just don't see it that way.  Think of an animal like a Lion...their senses and instincts are objective.  It's the same with humans...humans...
I follow the rules until I don't feel like following the rules anymore.  I know that sounds bad, but I like to think I'm mature enough to have an internal moral/logical system that tells me what I...
It's subjective.  There is no perfect sentence because you have to objectify perfect in this context to begin with and that's impossible, as far as my knowledge takes me.  Before you try to go...
I'm gonna take a wild guess and say it's people that speak confidently and aggressively about shit that they are completely wrong about, have no idea they're wrong and blame you for being wrong the...
OP...I think it's quite simple actually.  Knowledge is the CONTENT of information, not the box that it is wrapped in.  You can be aware of the existence of...trash cans for example...but you may not...
I haven't even read the replies, but I know for a fact that the majority of INTJs would say hell no.  In fact, INTJs usually don't like even getting into a relationship unless they KNOW FOR SURE...
I have social anxiety and GAD so yeah...I can be pretty awkward.  I mean I don't have aspergers (spelling)...like, I understand social cues and whatnot, they just come out weird at times because of...
The both of you are like me a lot actually.  I don't know...call it a detachment I guess, but I am not really emotionally invested in things that are going on in the world, only logically invested. ...
*DISCLAIMER*: This topic has not been made with the intent of debating political differences.  Just in case something gets taken too far, let's focus on talking about how we react to political...
I should also mention that I remember pointless things from a LONG time ago like it just happened now.  I still remember all of my teacher's names from Pre School all the way up to middle school,...
I think it has a lot to do with the fact that ENTPs are usually so engaged with what they are INTERESTED IN that it occupies all or most of their cognitive thought, so when it comes to the other...
ENTPS tend to have a really bad memory.  Yeah...mine is pretty damn bad.  I can't remember people's names even if I repeat them after, there are people I've known for almost a year that I just can't...'"


5045: 'House is more of our goal. There, apparently, is a predisposition for us to like INTJs in that our functions are opposites, maybe.
Yeah, of course, at that age is when these types of problems manifest. Many, including myself, have this same struggle happening in our lives. Blame the economy all you want but the actual goal is to...
MBTI serves a great purpose in replacing old forms of understanding who we are. Astrology will be proven to be an added flavor to the concoction and separated from the mix. The belief in that system...
Nope, I want to do it still... The only thing that stopped me was a lack of momentum towards that goal. I didn't see it as a realistic option back then.
Whats the best way to get a working visa from the US to... anywhere? There's options for volunteering to help countries that are in a rut or other causes... I just don't know much about any of this....
When I was eighteen the option of TEFL in Japan was extremely compelling. This turns out to be a great option for me once again since I'm out of a job and have to move out on my own. Have any of you...
Perfectly ignorant in this situation in life. I have a volatile personality yet no pipedream to exert my energy on. Taking a loan seems to be my only option. How can I make it when I know nothing and...
I would slap every one for endorsing a thread that carries synthetic validity... but the inconvenience of doing so would make me late for work.
heh, they could use some form of therapy. Those are plagued tangents. Think of snow white. She had a handle on her perspective...She had people hired to kill, her mom was an evil witch, room mates...
I can't be too commited to a comment at the moment.  I do want to climb a large mountian. plant a row of trees to make a maze.  jump from the stratosphere base jump with a wing suit finish my...
avoid death
You mean, this isn't the toilet?
I sailed from the Marshall Islands to Fiji with my grandparents recently. It took 22 days to get into a shoddy port. The trip was taxing because we didn't have a practice sail. Much of the gear (We...
The handsome one?
I've been lacking consistency in my posts so I thought I'd go thread-fishing using an oblique reference as a lure. How art thou, monstrosity?
Meet-up is a great tool to find things to do yet they all still require participation. Otherwise you're window shopping for opportunities until you have a stack of options. That poses as a problem as...
I'll give proper examples tonight. I'm monitor lizarding this thread :3
dastardly things * my phones auto correct is rebelling
Get out of the frying pan and into the fire. jump head first and what not. I do bastards thugs that people have trouble believing like riding a bike to Santa Barbara from Santa Monica or goof to a...
I've been thinking that most people who hate me are impatient and prone to having a ravenous diet of misinformation. If I really wanted to screw my friend Jake's mom I'd be hitting her up from time...
That tropical sweat is murder on the face.
Moar
Skipped some of my pictures.:frustrating:
Spoken like a shamen, pose like a animal, play like a child, trick like an imp, and refine like a blade... That must be my laziest reply yet. There are other things to do!:dry: Both of those things...
Let me know what you think. Some of these are ancient. Some are from a recent Fiji trip. :crazy:
I took that test and was too uninterested to find out how to get the HTML code for that box. Did you have to pay for it?
Oh, wow. someone said it. Try learning a bit about gamifacation or implementing some renewable inspiration. Motivate daily. Being able to entertain others through my projects keeps me from dropping...
Those are some traditional passions of our class... The thoughts I have on life will be more appreciated in creative works rather than a rinse/wash/repeate classroom (yet I know teaching isn't that...
I'm surrounded by idiots. This isn't a gang war. If you can't think of a way to be useful I'll mesh you into a cogwheel. A team is strong as its cohessive synchronization.   If there were...
if you're bouncing off he wall, you should have enough energy to sythesise your own friends.
Down & down. Sign me up for the ENTP team.
Well what kind of combat are we talking about? I assumed we we're talking about instantaneous gladiatorial combat, no preparation, since that is my preferred method of deciding who would win in a...
Hey man, I don't know - this stuff makes a lot more sense that certain religious creation stories do. Maybe we can team up and convince people that this new religion is real. :tongue:   And about...
A swinger party.[/QUOTE] Is it still a swinger party if the couples don't swap?
Yes you are right. I need to remember to think that the future me should invest in gold. Then the future me remember what he thinked when he was the present me so he does not forget to invest in...
As fast as the reader strips to take a litterary enema.
Someone would get rich. Would you make it back to enjoy the spoils? would you get lost in the fractured dimensions? You'd he so lucky to live out the second 'Back to the future'.
http://www.clker.com/cliparts/8/2/2/6/11971154711712468971BigRedSmile_A_screwdriver_1.svg.med.png  you figure out what this means    Tell him the VC/nazis invented short shorts and knee...
I'd deviate to a leatherman. I can pry nails, smash windows, and hammer just as well. xD
Emotions move like tides. If I cause fun with jokes it has nothing to do with someone's emotions. Usually, I'm expressing myself for the aesthetic sake of the idea.  It's great to learn discipline...
Wonder how this could work in day to day life. Need to work on the dog-clicker human training. Or sneak nicotine patches on people of interest...then find a way to slip them off once we split.
Multi purpose cuffs? Interrogate...fornicate...
:scoff: How do you expect a like-mind of me to be both hypothetical AND serious. Occasionally we may spurt out a more serious answer but that is only to tend to our next idea.
Paralyze him from the neck down. That way he won't be able to dress himself.[/QUOTE] What's with the violence? we could just throw a glorified pantyraid and eat smores over a campfire tindered with...
So people can practice their slapping skills, of course.[/QUOTE]  mosquitoes exist to test the level of self dicipline a Buddhist monk has. We're all human but how long can you deny a itch ;D.
He always plays the deity roles in his movies...unless he's a young stoner, and the funniest part is that having power doesn't change how he acts. Might mean something. I would guess INFP.
Hitting an Airplane in a week and I'm wondering how much trouble bringing these plants on board will cause me.   1 x Silene capensis Xhosa Dream Herb Roots  Size: 1/2oz (14 Grams)  1 x Amanita...
Tantric love making is a divine trance that people balance within until the couple falls from the stars. Kissing the moon is always fun yet can become addictive without maturity. The misuse of this...
1. Sporadic 2. Liminal 3. Diverse 4. Volatile 5. Arbitrary
relativity exist in how people enjoy fucking acording to the participants and environment. I've had sex with about 10 people who've all said I'm a pleasure god but I won't let thY impose the idea of...'"


5049: '[quote=agokcen;534073] So am I, but does that really answer the question? She said coldly, with a chilling stare /quote]   lol. There are ruthless, no feeling ENTP women that will do anything...
Yeah. + Gold.   ENTPs are the last type to ever get depressed. Retract that statement.    Things people hate about ENTPs: Huge Confidence Heavily social  Always trying to be different
lol. I have an ESTJ mother who did well when I was young and she took care of me.    I was never used to getting a ton of things, because she was never in the habit of buying anything that...
Nooot me. I like superficial crazy. Cute crazy. Make me laugh crazy.     Genuine crazy is a no no.
I swear when Ne starts to pick up everything else I do is on auto pilot and I don't remember doing it, but it got done.  Like my brain switches to cruise control.  It's surreal because then I can't...
This.   It's a domino effect. You get one great idea, revelation, connection, or eureka, and then in the middle of that one, you get another, and then you're excited as hell because they work...
lol. Kumar doesn't give a shit about people, he can't be an ENFP. You remember when he buys weed from the guy at the college, and then finds out there's a party with hot girls?  The weed guy is...
Hahahaha.  :laughing:  A-cha-cha-cha indeed haha.
Zing! Pow. Zoom.  Exit stage left.
I don't see Lord.. or Duke, or Duchess for any of these options.  *squints*  Overlord.. no.. Tyrant... Destroyer of Worlds..      Ehh.. this needs to be reworked I think.
You can handle an ESTP by using subtle humor to diffuse the situation.    Walk by, pointing to a random surface area, and say to him 'Hey, are those fresh nuts?; and when he looks, punch him...
Every time I see you post 'I don't feel' a chill goes down my spine :crazy:   Will you hug your kids when they're sad or scared? :cool:
lol. When Sellihca has to call someone else edgy, you know it's serious.  OP: I really do not like when people cannot apologize for shit who I care about. The rest of the world I have no problem...
I think alcholol and games are a problem for all males with access to computers and or a local bar.  Occupational hazard.  More on topic though,  who wants to think about a shitty situation the...
The Cheshire Cat
For male and female ENTPs a must read   The Game - by Neil Strauss
I have to walk when I think. By walk I mean pace back and forth like Dr. Evil or something, sitting still and thinking gets my thoughts muddled. I'll walk around the house indoors thinking something...
This ain't a team up, per-se. Intellectual clarity rather.  Leadership doesn't begin and end in the Senate or Congress.    Every movie or TV show you've watched in the past month, ask yourself how...
There's a distinction to be made here - most ENTPs who say these sorts of things are dealing with unhealthy or immature people, who happen to be the type (xSTJ or whatever it is), and make the...
There are more posts from non ESTJs in these boards (people trying to understand them), then ESTJs.   Interesting.
To be honest though I've heard so many people get called 'old souls' at this point, and solemnly by the nominees, that it's lost all meaning when I hear it about myself or someone else.   If we're...
The Bugs Bunny, yes - as in the I'm-going-to-wait-right-here-calmly-while-the-anvil-is-dropping-on-you.  People are either annoyed that I always 'act like I have it all together', or happy that I'm...
Yeah this is the classic Stanley Milgram experiment, or some name like that I learned in psych courses in college.  The entire setup is 'conforming to authority', I have a hard time believing that...
Yeah. If I smell mind games you're getting put in the box with the rest of the useless human toys I fuck with when I'm bored.   Right next to the stupid people, flakes who pretend to be nice,...
I was like, wow, Munchies isn't trolling.. he's actually being supportive, and trying to explain a --- nope, wait a minute, wrong again...   Consistency, I can respect that.
ENFPs are the only ones who also ceaselessly crave adventure, excitement, and are the muthaf**** masters of chaos.   That is, they rock.   That is all.
I would go as far as to say we're the most socially adaptive NTs, such that we grasp the cues and appear 'charming' more often then not as a result.  I think it's present in any NTs on an individual...
Awww. Would it help if we told you he was an asshole and we'll cockpunch him if we see him?   You now have hitmen everywhere. Welcome, thanks for visiting! Refreshments are to your right,
Telling me what to do really pisses me off. Like being told directly. And then someone waiting for it to be done.     This is how the work meetings go :dry:  YouTube - Fuck you!
B-but.. you're out then? I thought we discussed this earlier -.-  *turns off porno music*    Jaykay. We can just throw her in the truck like the prior heretics. Where's your guy, with the...
.....  Get her!!!!!!    *advancing footsteps*   Who's got the rope this time? I brought tazers.
I see... and are all craft models outfitted with artillery -  That is to say are the flamethrower and grenade launcher standard issue?    Or was that just my INTJ fem bud:frustrating:
I'm cheatin' cheaters with cheetahs.  Concept xrevolutionary.   https://www.btowstore.com/WebRoot/BT3/Shops/BT2770/48BC/4571/12CF/6D0D/5D33/0A0A/33E7/8998/1049.jpg  Besides, avoiding evasion...
Hey, hey - no raising the relatively nerdy status of the subjects you lead to increase the value of your questionable dominance.    That's just cheating, sir.
Not answering Entropy's questions. That'll piss her off. You'll get ultimatum'd, then there's airstrikes, reinforcements, all kinds of shit.   Watch out thea now :crying:
Haha.   So it's like ::::: Engaging Filter ::::: ... [beep boop beep beep] ....  ... *vVWUMMMM* ... Initializing Smile... :::: Loading Please Wait :::::   Except like, really really fast?
Hmmm.    Yeah.. your ENTP nephew.. and your nerd friend playing World of Warcraft.  Where do you lead them? McDonalds? :laughing:
See now you're just gold farming.  This is just ENTP bait. That's what this is right here. Helloooo quarter million posts.
Put me in Salem 1400 AD, and call me a warlock while I burn, I'll spit in their eyes and keep score until the ashes
Now that is clever.
See the INTJ girl I was talking to, who I'm friends with (I think, that's what she tells me anyway), has a likeness to an android in many ways.  She's communicative, logical, says only what's...
Now I know you're mistaken. You don't lead an ENTP anywhere. You just point out where the advantage is.    Those conformists that follow you, you've mistyped them.  Thanks for visiting though. ...
You're confused, annoyed, but can't seem to leave, and find yourself uncontrollably laughing and relaxed :proud:     Get out of my head... Get out of my head!!!
I don't care what you think.   Unless we're friends. :wink:
I've experienced this, from an INTJ female, now I know people in a type can be way different, like the ENTPs are individually, but sometimes talking to her initially was like opening a freezer on a...
That sounds like an ultimatum.  I'm cheating on your thread, if you think about it.
I've cheated on math tests.    Well to be honest, all math tests. If we're telling the truth :D
In Monopoly, Scrabble, Candyland... Connect Four...   But not Texas Hold Em. That shit's sacred.
Hahahahaha :crazy:
Waffles with coffee ice cream. Weren't you listening??? :wink:'"


5065: '1. 35 and long married. 2. I'm a big fan of ramen followed by a cappuccino.  Or the equivalent.  Something delicious that I can't make at home because I can't cook worth crap, along with good...
Jerk?  All I was saying is that you can't dismiss a person's claim to type based on a little forum interaction, which actually supports you.  In other words, you don't write like an INFJ but you...
Double post!  I read your quote about ENFPs and I would argue that they are not all puppy types.  Not even close.  I mean, I'm also assuming you haven't typed all your friends with actual tests, but...
Er, I'm hesitant to make a guess about what someone else is based on the subjective viewpoint of a friend.  But my instinct is leaning actually toward ENFP.  I'm not quite sure why I feel this way,...
Whereas, I arrogantly believe that my non-partisan viewpoint is the only one compatible with true Christianity.  :D
It's tough because I spent years and years trying to fit into a church and it never really worked, mostly because I had so many questions and I think the SJs saw the questions as a threat to faith. ...
Unfortunately I know several women who are in a situation like this with one man or another.  In my opinion, he is attached to you and likes the benefits he gets from being with you.  You make him...
I like an INFP.  Your allegiance to your Fi is hard for me to work around and y'all are stubborn as heck, but I can respect that.  I'd take an INFP any day over...well, a handful of types.  Just put...
Everything in this thread is so hot.  It makes me wonder if I'm a closeted INFP.  The ENTP porn thread just made me go meh.
I wouldn't call it retarded but this is basically correct.  I get into political debates all the time but my function is only to point out biases, ego issues, displacement, etc.  Every Republican I...
The older I get, the less I buy into religion, but the more I buy into God.  There's a verse in the Bible that says, Let God be true and every man a liar.  That more or less sums up the metal...
Omelette blazers.  [Maybe ENTPs shouldn't play.]
Not by itself.
ENTP: *rambling some BS about the universe* ISTJ friend:  What are you rambling about? ENTP:  I dunno.  Don't you ever just think about the cosmos and the meaning of life and stuff? ISTJ:  No....
I wonder.  I think any person can project just about any characteristics that they need/want to, at least for a short time.  And there's no accounting for mental and emotional health.
I took this as self-aware sarcasm.  I'm the same way.  I turn into a dictator on my birthday and I'm not proud of it.
I think my top three are about the same as they've always been, and I've been married for 16 years.  But I have only had one serious relationship, so I imagine my values would have evolved had I...
Sounds like my mom down to the cancer stuff.  I'm pretty sure she's an ESFJ, too.   My comment about football was mostly a joke.  Rather, it was a joke at my own expense.  I know liking sports has...
Also, my thirties rock and my twenties sucked.
I guess I'm an old ENTP.  The older I get, the less I see anything as unique.  All the patterns start to overlay and intertwine until it looks like one big pattern.  Science, math, people, love,...
Sorry for the double post, but I will argue that Fe is also objective.  It's about maintaining social pleasantries/conventions regardless of how anyone feels about it.
If they don't say anything, I won't say anything.  If they ask a question, I'll answer it in a what I imagine is an unexpected way.  The most common example of my interaction with a cashier goes like...
Intimacy Commitment Creativity (although this pretty closely mirrors passion for me)
Yes, this.  I'm strangely territorial, but if someone else wants my territory it just makes me more excited to have it.
Does it?  Ha.
It's a rare thing for me.  I almost never do things that fall under the category of housewifery, which is part of the reason I always fail when I try.   Also, I'm married to an INTJ, so any house...
I crush on many people at once, and in a weird way I kind of like it if they're already attached.  I would never try to steal someone away from his girlfriend, but I would take intense pleasure in...
In some ways, being an ENTP parent is just the worst.  You suck at all the Si stuff that you know is important for a functional home, and you have just enough Fe that you're aware that you're effing...
I remember everything that is a fact or piece of trivia.  I mean, almost everything.  These are the exceptions:  1.  People's preferences.  I don't really care, but sometimes I need to know it. ...
Yes!  I absolutely love the homemade card.  My kids are both artsy and comedic so that makes it even better.  Sometimes my daughter makes fan-art of the work I've done.  Hahaha.  *starry eyed*
*snort*  My name's Maureen.  Double thanks.
Just going with my experience, being Ti heavy goes well with my husband's heavy Te.  I'm quicker about sizing up a situation or finding the logical fallacies in arguments, but he's better at...
Fix, nothing.  Mom's into it.
The average is about like this: E: 55% N: 90% T: 65% P: 80%  I took 2 cognitive functions tests yesterday and the Ne was really high.  Ti was higher than Te but both were higher than the Fs. ...
INTJ husband -  Him: Hey, I learned why the grass grows so much higher under our power lines. Me: Oh, yeah? Him: The landlady explained that it's because the birds are always hanging out there,...
I'm going with INTJ.  My INTP friends are more likely to have dinner with friends, but the INTJs I know are taxed by a phone call when there's something else they want to be working on, which is...
Heck, I'm going to thank you just for giving me that image.
Yes.  They're not all eunuchs.  Some of them are complete freaks and I'm okay with that.
I'd hit that everyday and make him like it.
I have a tendency to befriend ISTJ women and the only time I have a problem with them is when I tip too much.
That's a valuable bit of wisdom, actually.  Thinkers are harder to impress.
A crush. A road trip or vacation. A story idea.
That's in, like, direct opposition to an ENTP.  At the end of the day I make sure to have sex so I can forget about all the stuff I don't want to have to do.
I use my birthday to unpretentiously demand anything I want from people.  It's like the only day where I demand stuff.  All day long I'll say, Make me cupcakes; it's my birthday.  I like that...
Be introverted and mysterious.  Done.
Based on your description you sound more ESTP to me.  This is just an observation, but there seems to be a desire among smart people to type as N over S.  For example, I know several really smart...
Don't misunderstand me; I'm not using logical as a compliment.   I don't say it to mean good at logic but rather compelled to use thinking (as opposed to other cognitive functions.)  I attach no...
I like football better.  Which played a bigger part in my questioning of my type than I care to admit.
Yeah, the website sounded like astrology to me.    If it's people I really like, I enjoy it while I'm doing it, but it still wears me out.  Writing is its own beast.  The stories I write are...
I do literally, absolutely nothing.  If an idea strikes me, I'll stop doing whatever I'm doing until the need to pee overtakes me and I have to move.  One time I looked down and I had pulled my sock...'"


5067: 'As long as I can't change my past actions, I can't relate. My happiness is not about my surrounding, it is about me. I don't have everything and I will never have. However, that doesn't mean I can't...
Honestly I don't find such kind of show funny at all. I dislike HIMYM as well even though I did watched it when younger.
Don't know half of them so let's give it a try, I guess...?  ISFJ  Captain Jack Sparrow (Pirates of the Caribbean) Sherlock Holmes (Sherlock BBC version the most) Pinkie Pie (My little pony:...
Perhaps this is going to sound badly I fantasize about taking my life. However, I don't think I am suicidal. I like dark and frightening things in general which in my opinion has nothing to do with...
I am both surprised and delighted by MLP included in the poll. Ponies are my cartoon no. 1. :P Also, I love Legend of Aang and Legend of Korra universe!
Sour. And spicy!! <3  Sweet and sour sauces are not bad either.  I don't like sweets, I prefer salty food but when cooking I don't use much salt.
I am a stubborn person. But determined? Not in general. I have given up some things, usually when depressed.
I am not romantic in general. I dislike romantic films or situations as well. I love my partner and I am able to tell them that I love them but I am more physical and I am certain behaviour and being...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Cs3Pvmmv0E
Never have thought of meaning of life. I believe there is none in general. My personal function in life is to annoy other being around me while I am annoyed by most of them. :-P Love ya, my beloved...
Any types welcomed!  Anyway, what situations/times make you insecure and why? Or you never feel that way? Let's share your opinions and discuss!
According to Chinese zodiac I am a pig (born in 1995). I have never relied on zodiac in general when it comes to personality characteristics.
Depends on what your definition of thin is. You can be seen thin by one person, another may believe you are not. Being thin is not healthly at all, same as being obessive. The word heathly is...
I am slowly reaching the I am completely on my own part and I can't wait... I guess the worst thing about being a grown up is having money problems. But it is okay, just don't take out a loan that...
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/6e/d3/ba/6ed3baa26fe758257e56389c6e146f89--pinky-pie-cupcake.jpg
Some people think you are pretty anyway because beauty is relative :-)
I come from a small town where I have lived for my entire life expect for past two years when I sort of lived in our capital, Prague (due to studies, on weekdays). I enjoyed the anonymity of a city...
I am usually told to shut up finally :)
I am turning 22 in autumn. Big number of people I know (same age or slightly older than me) have a baby already. I like to play with babies. I like to play with childern, too but most of them are...
I am tired of drama. Therefore I am trying to avoid friendship. I have contacts, family, friends I can hang out with...but whenever I develop closer? friendship? with somebody, they start to...
Anything except for an average comedy film humour. These films are not entertaining to me. Anyway, I enjoy sexual, teasing and pun humour the most. I also like to offend people by a joke, haha.
How to make myself less exhausted...
Mostly I prefer spending time in company. Whenever I stay at home (alone) longer than a day, I feel nervous, insecure, lonely... I feel like I need to discuss/share various stuff all the time ._.
You know you are an ENTP when you make jokes about others too often (in their presence c: )
Almost every day...  And hello my fellow MLP lover! ^^
Let's see. Gaining experience trough my life I haven't figured out the definition of a friend... My currently longest friendships that lasted occured when I attended high school. Half year ago I have...
I have always been an intelektual weirdo... When younger though, I used to be pretty much more quiet and less sarcastic, cheeky (sometimes even rude) than I am nowadays.
I wonder whether it is just me or some of you guys feel similar/same way. Of course, most of us care about their close people no matter the kind of relationship occurs between them but some people...
I can relate 120% heheh. I suck at comforting people, I rather just hug them and say a little because usually I make it worse by talking. Awkward.
Sister: I am almost certain she is an ISFP Boyfriend: ExFP  Parents: Hard to type but I see them like this: Mom ExFJ, Dad INxJ
Captain Jack Sparrow
Same here. I have enjoyed it far more than On Stranger Tides but the original trilogy is just unbeatable in this matter.
Darts. Damn it.
As for myself, in the end I have ended up with a good boy who has an opinion and is capable of discussing almost anything though. I have to confess that in the past I broke up with a guy who was...
Hello there, fellas. My sister appears to be an ISFP. Reading posts here and in other ISFP topics, I think it might be true. She plays guitar and loves hard rock/metal, even though she is a sensitive...
I would choose Italain, even though I am not that huge fan of pizza as the majority of people is. I simply adore pasta though.  My second option would be german/slavic/nordic. I guess just...
I believe everybody talks to themselves in their mind sometimes no matter their type
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pdGLsFjRSM  Pure greatness
Some of the questions were too difficult to answer for me but whatever, I got ENTP...ehhh again :biggrin:
Yeppers, since I have started discovering my sexuality. I thought it would change with more frequent sexual intercourse but I had been wrong.
People already think of me this way which compliments me alot. I am impressed because sometimes I need just a short weird sentence or reaction and they freak out. I love when they do it. :D
Eyes!! They can have the prettiest face in the entire universe but plain eyes would just ruin it. I must see something it their eyes - wisdom, smartness, imagination sparks, whatever... The second...
Even though I appear to be so called dark person (or whatever word would suit me, as a lover or black, night, terrifying stories,...), I am fascinated by cartoons and cute stuff, too. For example,...
The Split (2016)  Wasn't disappointing film...
When growing up I have developed a great skill of lying, probably thank to my parents (not whinning, it's just true), therefore I consider myself a good liar, not sure whether pathological though. I...
Let me guess...20!
Let's see!  If someone came to you and asked you to make a decision about something, what would your thought process be? I would either tell them the dcision immediatelly or I would spend hours...
In my opinion this matter depends on the location you live in. In my country there are plenty of colleges/universities but only few of them quarantee you a good start of your career. Somehow there...
First I thought I was the worst but the older I am the more I value myself. I'd say I feel like I am the worst but I act like I am the best. However, that doesn't fit me anymore.
Pirates of the Caribbean  Lord of the Rings Clockwork Orange Hills have eyes Saw Silence of the lambs Hunt  I enjoy watching cartoons as well - lately: MLP (don't judge), Zootopia, Big hero...'"


5078: 'I'm sure someone has been under the effects of shrooms or acid?  Any funny stories? How do ENTPs feel about hallucinageons? What have you learned?  I feel everyone should trip at someone point in...
Why don't you teach her what you are comfortable teaching then?  And, I'm sorry, but using your imagination isn't that hard, if anything that is the perfect time to expand her vocabulary... I...
This is sad.
I'll be honest, I only read the first line of your statement.... However,  You shouldn't. When you first meet someone, rarely are you getting the Real them, you're getting who they want you to...
Cool story, bro.
Hmmm...?
Why are you hanging out with them?  And if you're not hanging out with them, why are you stalking them?
Entertaining but that guy's trying a bit too hard for me.
I know... we use to have real discussion here.  I don't know what happened.
I never said it was easy.
Heh.  I get it, trust me. I just don't get why everyone's panties are in such a bunch about it.  The fact that an ENTP made this thread is even more confusing.
You hate people who want to be or think themselves to be special...  You need to get a life.
Chill.  It seems like he wants you to over think this if he won't give you a direct answer. OR he's just way too nosy without realizing, like I tend to. Or he wants your penis. Or... it could...
I break down everything I think about until it can't be broken down anymore.  Everything.
I realized I wasn't an INTP because I was not shy about my accomplishments in any way shape or form and I wasn't quite as angry as a lot of INTPs were.
Who has time to rationalize? Are you sure you're an ENTP?  That's a bad joke, but being the quick thinkers that ENTPs tend to be, taking ( literally ) a few seconds to rationalize instead of react...
I've learned that the biggest problem with confrontations is that people are, usually, reacting instead of rationalizing.   Rationalize the issue, find your solutions (keep your alternatives in...
I'm so good at manipulating people because I'm good at pretending to be nice and acting like I care.  Wut?  You guys sound like pussies that can't deal with confrontation.
Does this title bother no one else?
Hm... you're no ENTP.  All ENTPs have large penises.  I gots pix 'cause it happened.
I use to hide things, ask about there whereabouts, and then giggle as I watched my victim search endlessly.  Good times. :3
Spent all of my high school years waiting. College was full of alcoholics. Fun.  I was an underachiever in both unless it was a subject I enjoyed. At the time, if I didn't believe in it, I didn't...
I dunno, but I just turned twenty a month ago myself and I'm going through the same.  Your Fe is developing is all I've really heard too, it seems like there's more to it to me...
Saying the above is a generalization about a group.  Saying 'we' is a personal generalization that assumes that whatever you are saying is agreed upon.
How ENTPs don't get why someone is upset after insulting them endlessly, but doing it while making a point and expecting that person to ignore the insults and focus only on the point.  I,...
Sounds like someone needed to get something off their chest.
I must say I'm surprised by some of these responses.  Oh, and if you don't watch television, then you have no reason to be here. Your opinion is irrelevant. :/  But Vampire Diaries? How I Met...
Otters are cute... especially when they kill stuff. Like the one in my avatar just did! Plus, someone found this pic and thought of me. Which made me d'aw. It's one of my favorite otter avatars...
Just completed my dog training.  If you want to know how to get pretty much anything you want out of anyone, read Don't Shoot the Dog by Karen Proctor.
Nah.  Seems a bit pointless.
Gay pride pup! ... This wasn't for gay pride, but he's a jack russel/chihuahua mix, I imagine him to be a spunky gay guy.  Idk what was so funny, but I really didn't want to laugh. o0   41832
Huh, this makes me question everything now. D:
Sounds like a very ENTP game to me, making the other person the bad guy.
Sounds like you guys need to have an adult conversation and figure out what you want.  Which to me just sounds like you need to break up.  It seems like she's trying to get you to break up with...
Hm, based on these responses I'm very curious as to why sound seems to be easy to remember for those of us lacking good memory in other sensory areas.
Lol and thanks!  I would, buuuut my laptop is no longer functioning. :/ I'm trying to get myself a tablet, but that'll take some time. I'm confined to a computer for now. D:  And I curse less! I...
Bahaha! That was great.  The master of not giving a fuck... giving quite a few fucks.
Meh, there are only a couple of perfumes that I think actually smell good and don't smell like every other girl in heat.  I usually just rely on my Fuji Old Spice and my Hemp lotion. It's a good...
You were always an extrovert, realizing it now doesn't mean you're transforming anything.  I didn't socialize for years because people sucked. Now people suck less. I socialize.
It's a good distractation, hah.
It's more fun to share the experience, I believe.
I'm not always sure I'm an extrovert, but I seem to prove myself whenever I get around a decent group of people.  My problem is my non-tolerance for people I've deemed lacking. I can't spend hours...
The fact that I didn't start a debate is pretty significant, if you ask me... but okay.  And I had to nitpick at that, I found it funny.  And I'm not surprised.  Hm, that's a lie. I'm surprised...
??? That's the funny part, I started a debate with no one. I found you all's reactions cute and that's it.  You three, seemingly threatened, all jumped in on the action because you had to show me...
You seem to have this puppet master view of yourself and I can't figure out why.  And I don't know where the assumption that response = anger comes from.  Again, something that was never said. ...
Lolwut?  Do you not know what the word may means?  It sounds like it, so just in case...   May - noun  Used to express possibility. It may rain. Used to express contingency, especially...
Bahaha!  Three ENTPs just responded to me in the exact same way.  Showing how much they don't care by over-dramatically saying they don't care.  Did you guys plan that? :3 It was incredibly...
I don't know why you may have felt attacked, just that you may have felt attack.  Am I to assume that this is because of the reasons you have mentioned?  You should look up what analyzing means....
That, actually, wasn't directed at you.  Sorry, I'll use more quotes.  But even if it was, your response doesn't really have anything to do with anything.  That's called red herring by the way,...
Yesss, yesss.  Attack me.  Although, new insults would be good.  Telling me and anyone else over and over how much you don't care kind of does just the opposite of what you're trying to...'"


5102: 'Damn... it's been a long time. Anyway, when I find a perfect gif I use it. Ladies and gentlemen:  ENTP...
Nah, I've never fancied INTJs. Nothing against them, really. I'm just more of a dog person.
I love English, Italian and algebra  I dread mathematical analysis and German   So yeah.. it's more about how interested I am in the subject in hand than the entire thing. For me languages are...
No, but my can-only-afford-ramen-atm brother is! Like, one of those ice making bags a day. Great, now I have even more people to worry about :')  ...
Thank you so much, this really helped!  Now that I think of it, it's very true that she always takes time to adjust. Her views are mostly ethical, as in it's wrong to kill, but after transitioning...
http://img.pandawhale.com/85833-is-it-too-much-to-ask-for-both-2yVg.gif  Also, gifasion! Get it? Gif-invasion? Haha ok I'm just gonna go fuck the nerds now
So..  My friend, who is the epitome of an INFP, went full vegan overnight a few months ago. Which is cool, since I'm a vegetarian myself and we didn't really have disagreements on the subject....
http://rs1227.pbsrc.com/albums/ee428/p_L_o_X_i_T_y/Gif/Stormtrooper-GIF.gif~c200 Fucking nerds
I find it hard to relate to shows that put too much emphasis on relationships and too little on the plot. If there's a scheme, I'm in.... if there's not fuck nah I'm out of here.   Game of Thrones ...
I noticed it's almost impossible not to bump to a Finn here in every single thread.. which should be considerably less likely since there's a mere 5 million of us. Seriously, it should be way more...
1)Were you bullied/a bully.  Both, at the same time.   I went to a school were we had blended classes, and on first grade (7yo) ended up getting teased and made fun of by some girls who were a...
Oh god, not the bolded text! Not the bolded text!!  http://heavyeditorial.files.wordpress.com/2012/11/not-the-bees.gif?w=780  No need to get all ad hominem on me. I simply assumed you linked the...
Nah girl you're missing the point. The point was not to find a certain way we all dress/look like, but rather discuss how and why we go about our looks. At least to me... The ISTP starter seems to...
Damn that's some hot stuff sonny  Anyway, I tend to gravitate towards a sylish yet relaxed look. Basically the stereotypical nordic city girl. I buy all my clothes in colourless colours (beige,...
Yeah, she could be an ENFP as well. However, if you watch some of her other videos she often emphasizes on logic over feelings and makes jokes that are bound to offend some people. I think an ENFP...
https://media.giphy.com/media/AeWoyE3ZT90YM/giphy.gif
Agreed xD To her defense it was theoretically speaking an almond butter joke. Still icky.
Ei vittu tl on muitki suomalaisii kui muikeet!!   I've never been typed wrong, by anyone else at least. However in a group of girls, I tend to gravitate towards ExFP-like behaviour: Not stirring...
This chick is like 90% of how I usually act/think/whatever. Worth a watch if someone's wondering what happens when femininity and ENTP collide. Since, you know, the stereotypical ENTP is a masculine...
https://media.giphy.com/media/RgfW4ywPdhxzq/giphy.gif
Ages 0-6 - Munched on everything - Poked my eye with a stick and got a small permanent scar on my eyeball - My mom told me we're all going to die someday, had an existential crisis  Ages 6-11...
Have fun calling it that, hipster.. Smoothie is a fruit/veggie/protein supplement/milk product mix made in a blender, whilst juice is literally just fruit piss and made in a juicer.  Is wine just...
Mother: INFJ (Step-Father: ISTP) Father: ISTJ Me, sister: ENTP Brother: ISTP  We were raised solely by our mother and step dad. We used to meet our dad anything from once a month to once a...
Another ENFP sucker here! Friends or lovers, these guys are the best people to hang around in my experience.  Mingling with other ENTPs is way harder compared to ENFPs. ENTPs tend to be emotionally...
nah gurl we all know everyone's lookin at dat sweet pumpkin patch of yours :octopus:
How I vaguely feel about this thread :laughing:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44AmqL5tWCM
ESTJ http://ak-hdl.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/webdr03/2013/7/19/23/anigif_enhanced-buzz-3829-1374292402-13.gif  ISTP...
Like the header says: The types as GIFs!  If you don't feel like doing all the types, just go ahead and post the ones you want! :smile:  Some bitter INTJ kid is going to point it out anyway, so...
Pure ammonium chloride powder. Together with a (ISFJ) friend I managed to sneak into the chemistry class during recess and we (I) decided to try it out. I don't think it's that weird though, more of...
You're right, it is immaturity. Your subjective experience of someone is of course totally valid and okay and so on. You have all the rights to be bored by someone or something you don't personally...
Not gonna lie it took me (non native speaker and a general idiot) a good three times to get the hang of what you were saying. Anyways, I suppose it would cancel out the purpose of the classification...
http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/understood_that_reference_avengers.gif  Also thanks for the fake cookies and the stomach lavage. I feel truly welcomed :hugs:
People seem to have all sorts of fancy fears here.... Don't let me bore you, but holy shit I'm scared of snakes. Like, one of my earliest memory is waking up to a nightmare of a snake. I have never...
I know, I know, I'm fed up with low quality puns as well :dispirited:  Anyways, after literally years of back and forth I've come to the conclusion that I'm ENTP and not an INTP. Mostly because...
My (infp) friend once described me at a party as follows:  You get into really intense conversations and people find you kinda weird but entertaining. Oh, and your dancing is overly self aware,...
I think it's about how big of a deal you make of it. For example, a spoiled brat would go all Justin Bieber/Gordon Ramsay hybrid on the food like ohmaigaad I can't believe you thought it was a good...
100% agree.     The people I associate in these groups are not my friends, but rather acquaintances. I might have led of a bit with my explanation; I do have a lot of friends, male and female,...
Mind making a shorter, straight to the point version? I mean, if you want INTPs to give advice on this en masse make it so that we're able to understand it with our deprived feeling abilities...
ENFP no way (absolutely not (nopety nope (no))), INFP is possible but I think he's too rational and not emotionally expressive enough. I stand my ground.  + socialist party is the best party :toast:
Guy code: Like girl code but less nailpolish and more homoerotic fixing-cars-and-sweating-together. Finally found a sound definition.  Also, thanks for the brutal INTJ honesty :laughing:
Yeah I can imagine guys doing that with each other too. But (there's always a butt) either I'm naturally good with the guy code or guys let it loose around me, since I've always found it easy to make...
*in the most high pitched blonde rich girl voice possible* Ugghh what a creeper :rolling:
America plz :coolest:    You're right about the girl code not being so prominent with one-to-one relationships, btw!   In groups it's applying a certain level of vanity and grace in the way...
No boys allowed in this tree house! Just kidding :peaceful:  Anyways, for those of you who don't know girl code is the supposedly natural social structure among women and girls. Now, I realized...
Before I start to babble some idealistic bullshit I have to point out that in European culture nationalism/patriotism, even with the same definitions, have way different meanings.  I love my...
Wow rude I came here to post just that :ssad: :laughing:
I have nooo idea who this guy is, but... I'd say humanist INTP (much like me! which might colour this argument)  Dominant Ti: Although he has good orating skills, he does have to seek for the right...
I'm basing this argument on how an INFJ would subjectively describe someone - not that's it's a bad thing, but it does affect how you see her. I actually have a INFJ mom, ESFP sister and an ESTP...
ExFP  Some of your statements are, in my opinion, a bit too categorized to be those of an dominant Ne, and rather show the strong, practical Se. But then you clearly stated that you go by gut...
I just feel that not having a clean, organized house makes my whole life messy and prevents me from focusing on my strict schedule of parties and sport events :laughin:'"


5108: 'Oh yes i have read these descriptions, i just used these two words because they seemed to express better what i meant with optimism and pessimism. Thank you. You have an amazing way to be patient...
I'm not sure if i'm an INTP anymore but this question is interesting, hope you don't mind if i answer:  Have you ever considered it?   Nope,i'm obstinate. I always try to think in a solution to...
The Gazette - Pledge
Hi,   So i was happily reading the description of LII(INTP) and ILE(ENTP) in socionics, and thinking: Aha! These two are so much like me!   Then i took 2 questionnaire in 2 different forum and my...
Interesting, do you like archaeology? I know of an Brazilian skeleton that has to do with the theory of human migrations:  An Ancient Skull Challenges Long-Held Theories - NYTimes.com Luzia Woman...
I'm very recluse now, and i have 18 years too, i'll follow your advice and try to go out more.Well... now i perceive that i have probably mistyped myself because of my actual seclusion.
Double post, sorry.
PolexiaSmallPox,     Tom Soy Sauce,  drmiller100  I was comparing myself to one INTP friend i have, for me it's much more easy to talk to someone if the person start the conversation, while he does...
 I need you by my side, helping me flourish my constant flow of emotions.....even to write it's painful.
I'll man, thanks, i can relate to most things you wrote(except, of course being outgoing) when i'm not talking to people i don't feel happy, nor sad, just neutral.When talking to others i feel happy...
I'm like that too, another interesting thing is that some people said that i can talk about anything, this happen to you too? Anyways talking about feelings, or showing empathy is the hardest thing...
Hard question,  PolexiaSmallPox.    Usually when i find something interesting i have to show it to someone, but i don't like to talk about daily things(work, family, these things)   noz  I don't...
Thank you  drmiller100!     Interesting, sometimes i have an desire to be more social, but i rarely try, i also have read that ENTPs can step in the other shoes, i do it since i was a child.
Theology lol, your photo is soooo cool, omg i'll download it. Thanks for your opinion, have you ever read quiet? In the book the author say something similar, she says that extroverted can be shy,...
lackofmopsMan, are you trying to beat the record for the fastest thread response?   Hmm understood, i'll think about it, thanks.
Hi there!    I was doubting if i'm INTP or INFP, this problem is solved, but now i have a new problem, if i'm INTP or ENTP =)   When i read about the cognitive functions my first thought was...
Ooow you're so cute
Hi, i'm invading INFP forum again, it's cool here.  I don't have friends too, i lost mine one year ago, in the beginning i was sad, i value friendship, specially because of the book It(Stephen King,...
Now that you explained i agree(I would continue the discussion, saying that I do not totally agree, but I created a counter argument to my argument that just proves that you are correct). You end up...
yippy,   Valkyrie_feathers,  OrangeAppled,  WhateverLolaWants,  ElliCat,  telepariah,  Deceived   I would like to mention everyone who responded, but i think it's enough, i'll try to make an...
I understand you, i just can't stop reading and searching and learning things, information is food for me. My problem is that sometimes i stop learning something if i get bored. About clothes and...
Splendorous. Difficulty to eat chocolate because of the form, INFPs are surprising, i liked your photo, and your hair(if it's really you in the photo).
Marvelous. Yeah, we can't truly believe in these site descriptions, i hate when i read an INTP description saying things like One of the most intelligent types or Can detect a error of logic...
Superb. I need to know more about Descartes.
Yeah, but i still have fear of things like black holes(yes, sometimes i try to imagine how would be to get near of one).
I knew that it was not this translation! But hey, the two is very similar! The two have the word mirror somewhere in the phrase. Use whatever you want no one you notice the little differences.    I...
Splendid. Naming things seem to be cool. But please define animals as moral superiors in your opinion. Do you think that a dolphin who play with their hunt, or some species of birds that while still...
Perfect. It should be hard to expect that others show this same kind of respect, it's common to humanize things a little(e.g damn! why this dumb chair is here?) but INFPs seem to exceed the...
I understood your point, but you wrote that sometimes you feel bad when you have to kill an insect, because you don't want to harden yourself, or to turn yourself in a cold person, what i meant is...
Wondrous. Sometimes i talk with my computer too, usually i have some kind of superstition about electronics. Example: if C happen more than 2 times to A and i observe a B pattern i'll start to...
I have a cousin INTJ(he didn't even needed to take any test, i showed the INTJ description and said here: it's you).   I don't know, when he is dating with someone he make jokes about their...
Do you like wicca? i think it's a interesting religion, the problem is the feminism, i think that because most religions believe that the man is the most active or the most important many feminists...
I think i misunderstood what humanize means, sorry, yes i had a Max Steel, a random soldier, and a Spider-Man, i liked to create crazy stories with they, my favorite was the soldier, one day i tried...
World domination? Maybe next time, i'll sleep a little.
Amazing. I don't remember well but i think that i had never humanized any toy, but i had an imaginary friend, then i started to analyze and perceived that it was just me, talking to myself, i still...
My fear only begin when i start to think if spirits exists, and if someone is near, observing. The movie is Snow White.
Fantastic. Like i said before, when i watched Toy Story 3 i started to have some kind of apreciation...i don't know what i feel about toys, i just like they.
Incredible. Hahaha avoid walking  in the floors? Yes,it's irrational, like fear of the dark, i have fear of the dark(when i wrote this the iron maiden music started to play in my head) so i...
Wonderful. Apologize to electronics? Cool, years ago when i still have a videogame(not psp, i didn't remenber if it was the first version of ps3 or the elder ps2) i started to kick it when some bug...
That's why i like INFPs, you are weird, and i'm weird too but in the INTP way, i think i have no more doubts if i'm an INTP or an INFP.    Awesome. i don't care too much about toys, but i like...
Hi!   So i found this link: INFP Appearance | Oddly Developed Types   Then i started to think: is that true? INFPs do really try to find some meaning in how they wear? Ok, that's normal with...
That's pretty normal for me, but i learned to don't show my distraction, when i perceive it, i try to pay attention for some seconds to say something, but sometimes i say things like yeah, umm......
Maybe the reason for being indecisive is an strongly developed FE.
I haven't considered this yet, mostly because it's was unconscious, i just figured it out now, when i was trying to know why i'm so indecisive. But now that i know it, i'll try to control.
Yes, that's my problem, i see so many possibilities that i freeze and start analyzing everyone, and i can't satisfy myself while i don't find the perfect choice.
I usually don't care too much for the others feelings, i just try to not hurt anyone, but my main difficulties are not because of the feelings, but because i have fear of choosing something wrong, i...
Depends on her mood, the only thing i don't like in my mom is that she speaks too loud when angry. But my mom always try to understand me, that is cool.
I think it's because Your Extroverted Feeling (Fe) is poorly developed. :(
Cool, my mom is ESFJ too!
1) knew that sleeping with your belly down to bed increases the chances of you having an erotic dream? About your question, I believe if someone wake me up in a hurry I get very moody, only that ......'"


5119: 'Do you want to work band-aid jobs your whole life?
I'm a golden retriever.
The fact that I'm a CIA agent.
I'm feeling much better, to be honest :)
I broke it off my with girlfriend.   It honestly feels a bit better, it's one less thing I need to worry about and I can focus on myself rather than a relationship.  I feel bad, but I was...
I didn't think of it that way...  Lately, no, more like for the past year or so I've been struggling to re-establish myself after losing my job teaching. Since then it's been an emotional roller...
How does one act when they are feeling lonely?    Lately I feel disconnected. I've been under so much stress I haven't had time to do things and meet people. My job doesn't allow me to be around...
jdstankosky  haha it's okay
Fuck today.    I'm having a horrible week.
Favorite.   Book.  Ever.   Holy fucking shit, I just had a nerd orgasm.
The more I think about it, the more I want to eventually own my own business. I need to gain experience and capital first though. And engineering seems to be a good way to obtain both of those.
I'm finally in a real relationship with an INTJ and I honestly am floored at the chemistry and dynamics of it. I've never felt I was with someone perfect for me until I started seeing her. We had...
I feel like an ENTP who's exhibiting emotion is either under extreme inner stress or emotional conflict. It takes a lot for us to get this way.
Toy Story 3   /thread.    That was like watching my childhood officially end.   In real time.
Well, I've already done the whole 6 years of college thing before. Including a year of teaching, so I figured might as well keep going with the whole educate/education trend I have going lol. ...
Welp, 2 more months of this and I'll be done.    I'm going back to school in August.    2 months...........only 2 months.....
This thread.
Honestly, I think I just need to hold out till school resumes in August. It's getting to that point that's going to kill me.   I hate restarting, and I felt like a failure already after getting...
Coming from working retail (in college), to teaching (then got laid off), back to retail (underpaid/underemployed), to this (my saving grace job, I thought) I am quickly losing my mind.   I can't...
So.    Office/Cubicle Jobs.    8-5pm.
BS and MS in Technology Education...    Working in an office, selling products that I used to teach. I dislike it.....a lot.   So much so, that I am going back to school in the fall for...
Fuck this.
To answer the OP question:     Drink.
The unknown/uncontrollable.
I'm going through this right now.   Anger.  Frustration.
I never get bored of sex.   I do get bored of having sex with certain people.   The key is to keep it interesting and NOT all the time as bad as that sounds. When it's just giving up like...
I was weird in 3rd and 4th grade, I used to part my hair and wear matching track suit tops and bottoms.   Since then, I've been awesome.   I'm sexy....and I know it.
I just took a position with the world's largest technology distributor, working with the vendor group Autodesk....which I taught lol.   It seems like a legit job, pay is excellent and there's lots...
No issue, I was let go due to budget cuts. The program we were running was too much for the district to spend so I was let go. Got a great LOR from my principal and dept chair.
I taught Technology Education (pre-engineering on the high school level)
I start a new job on Monday.    Fucking fucks yeah.
theChive.com     You're welcome.
Find an INTJ -> enjoy the ride.
Who the fuck evolves Pikachu?    Save that thunderstone!
This thread is awkward.
I just wanna look back and go, Welp, that was fun.
The INTJ I've been seeing was super excited to see me today, I picked her up, we hung out and were having a good time (I think?) and at one point she told me to turn off the lights (ehmmm, fun time)...
Viagra.
I just found my father got engaged tonight.   Over FB.   7 hours after it happened.
I made my INTJ cry the other day, we talked about stuff and she, for the first time since I've known her, opened the flood gates and told me exactly what was on her mind, how she felt and what she...
Yikes  I'm finding that out, and to be honest it's reassuring. It's nice to know I'm not the only one who's down on their luck. A lot of people my age and older are in the same situation and we're...
Honestly, my favorite new poster.
Yikes   I completely agree. I look back at everything from last year or the year before and really the only thing that is constant is my health and my name.
My life is confusing lol.
justanentpgirl lol, thanks =P   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdblwEI0ZcE
My question is this:   Who's bringing the chips?
Battlefield 3 on the PC is my guilty pleasure...GOD I am so good at it too.
Been playing this song on repeat for the past 4-5 days. I don't listen to Sean Paul but this song reminds me of someone.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=SbUBMklQSVU
You know how you're using the Internet?   You're welcome.
Friendzone level 99.'"


5129: I provoked you on purpose. Ushitpipensophisticated and image oriented. Based on your language you seem to value Se. Have a look at ENTJ or ESTP.
Thank you. ENTps are useless clowns. Why would I contradict myself?
ENTJs are pathetic. Sacha Baron-Cohen and his character Borat is one. Tries to be sexual and have good Se. Never become like Sacha Baron-Cohen. You can never trust what is behind that mask.  ENTPs...
It is one-sided correction and supervisee does not get supervisor's reactions and supervisor does not grasp supervisor's stance fully.
Have you worked with your supervisor? I think supervisee won't see it necessarily same way.  I have worked with EII. She was complaining a lot about my psychological distance between people and...
We have come to the conclusion that as humans we need sleep. It is a sad truth but true. What you are going to do about it. It is serious condition no to. However I could sleep during a class or at...
I'm like 7 living in a 5 world. What I'm trying to say:  information super highway > highway IRL.  Yes. I get more brainfood through the internet.  If I'm between 5 and 7 then it makes me 6?...
ILE ENTP.  How I relate others and all that. I'm not sure how MBTI professionals see me.  I'm pretty close to ILI in terms of strong Ni (I do notice how it runs background but not valued)compared...
Total lack of willpower. I can do things for others, though. :f:, Se <- is pain in my butt.
I find that my DCNH subtype makes me kind of Delta. Still I find that lots of alphas are just lounging around doing whatever they like. Not that whole lot of group socialness.  I'm E5 and I don't...
Take a rifle and a chainsaw and head over the psychiatrist. Ask prescription for gasoline and ammo.
Psychologically damaged FiNe type.  You know how much Fi doms like to build walls between them and world.  Evidence:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UokOzaaJYTc
Those f*cking ENTPs. Always thinking that they know everything. +Anything that comes with Fi overload.  ESFJ, ISFJ and INTP are the coolest.
No. I think new youtube sensation Jordan Peterson is blatant LIE. Don't get fooled by his LII like looks.   Just by listening to him sounds like he has very similar strengths as I do. I think how...
I think Ti+ is thinking through logical models and connections whereas Ti- thinking is categorical those guys have sometimes trouble at following chain of logical information by interrupting...
Spent some thinking things through:  DA style is to solve paradoxes CD style is to generate paradoxes  DA  floats above solutions it just grabs functionality. CD generates chains that might end...
I  care about external kind of feeling. I don't really care about internal feelings.  You can treat me like shit and I don't really care. I first thought this was sign of being feeler but is...
My depression was about looking happy, having extremely unhealthy diet and not brushing my teeth. I lost one tooth (and 4 wisdom teeth) and collected 6 cavities (3 of them in wisdom teeth luckily). ...
Quantum mechanics: It's essentially very work intense field of study. Pretty much lots and lots of math. Book:...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0CI_f13dm8
Can't figure out where people's eyes are and how they are handling their body.   However I'm good deciphering people's cognition but not feelings.
We are  interested how everything works (not in concrete fashion though but one utilize it from time to time)  INTP are interested in building their idealistic mechanisms to the world.
Yes, when people tell me that I can not drive. Result: more clumsiness.
ISFJ if their socionics type is SEI are the coolest people on earth. We always laugh together like maniacs.
Yeah, also in my hard drive.
Well, ENTPs have zero control over their facial expressions unless they want put on an act.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFZuZcvctu0 duh...
Intp
From what I gather it is usually hiding around ones anal area. Other possibility is that various collections of citrus fruits is hiding in your anal area that  blocks your humor usage. I suggest to...
The trick is not to place yourself on imaginary axis where i is not 0.
Some NTJs can be downright infuriating. I was in the lab: Ummm... this thing has label Dunkenmotoren. Ha ha it is like Drunkenmotoren. INTJ: It is Dunkenmotoren. Me inside my head: What is wrong...
I think I find deism the best way to approach the world.  I mean: What is god? I have no clue. Probably not an anthropomorphized dude with transsexual issues.
There are people who can find INTJs attractive? Let me recheck my calculations... Yep: P(attractive INTJ)=1*10^(-99)
Basically Fe is largely unconscious. It is not INTP bad, though.  I don't know anything other than safe environment. You can easily overdo it by forgetting Fi completely (= ouch, socially quite bad...
Sex is defined as putting your genitals inside another's body. Lesbian can not have sex together, as they only have rubbing phase.  I don't have energy for it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ae2XYtSam3U Needs no more words.  That's it I'm a complete Dick! He and I. It is like twin souls. Extremely prickly, disconnected and genius.
And it is usually said that all the porn is pretty much the same.  :wrecking_ball_viza_
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmFA7jDnk_w Funniest thing was that it was seen as racist and it possibly hurt feelings. :tongue:
Watched women's boot camp Youtube. It looked pretty damn funny. Sergeants looked very unreal.   I was in unit where captain was a  woman. She actually had some balls compared to those females and...
Got it, private cannon fodder assistant!  Actually FMJ boot camp is not that far from the truth expect it does not describe inevitable ultimate boredom moments. It is freezing outside: Soldiers,...
Did my time (it is the same for every penis owner over here. Unless you want to go to jail or do double time something else). Did the minimum. If some one asked to actually defend my country I'd say:...
Basically: 4 temperaments and their role variants.  In MBTI and Socionics ENTP and ENTp is usually the same. However in Keirsey I'd say that there are potentially good amount of ENTJs,ESTJs and...
Physics is pretty weird. I'm much more tuned in chemistry mind set: properties -> outcome kind of view.  It is not that hard.  You need to ask yourself: Am I a mathematician or a scientist? If you...
Low dosage speedos?
In order to truly flourish as an ENTP I didnt see enough weird impractical purely theoretical ideas. That  is bad and you are disgrace to your type. You should flog yourself every morning and...
I actually have some sort of  fear approaching people and there is also detachment. Funny thing for me is that I tend to become overbearingly caring person in closer contact. Fe and Si takes over and...
Really? I always got complaints because: 1. obvious-> no need to explain 2. kind of important-> little note there [being Fermat imposter]. This makes ISTJs and INTJs crazy... :tongue: 3. Oh crap....
Ha. ENTJs and money. My understanding of money: When I have enough I don't need it more. In fact spending seems to be quite an exhausting job itself. I also do things for no profit without thinking...
There are more or less extreme manifestations. Like my Si which is totally out of control. Very bad ability to become one with surroundings and constantly being a space cadet walking into a posts and...
Makes me laugh when I hear people quitting school because of teasing.  It is because you put so much value on your own feelings. It can not be that hard to make them disappear. According to my..."


5148: 'There is a painfully striking similarity between the way your daughter acts in the top video and the way I act on a regular basis.
this sounds like causal determinism but explained in an incredibly complicated manner.   link  Despite how logical determinism is and how much more likely it seems, I still like to subscribe to...
I think if you use the term dark comedy it'll go over better. I love dark comedy, and it's pretty much the only type that really makes me laugh anymore. You have to be a fucking brilliant comedian...
There is no handbook, but the best way to describe us is a herd of cats if that helps.
It's a distaste for the stereotypical female. You have to remember that most people online are introverted types and have felt victimized by those particular types. Whether it be introverted or...
I dont like any of these bands  CLEANSE!!  (the third isn't death metal, but listen to it anyway, I'm sure it'll strike your fancy anyway)   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCYmAwgsFsU ...
I mean it's not meth, but it's a synthetic amphetamine, it's not home made with the intent to produce euphoria, but it's speed none the less.   Look there's really only one thing you can do if...
The Restaurant At the End of the Universe - Douglas Adams
I'm a new yorker and I suppose to outsiders we seem neurotic and unfriendly, but we like it so fuck off.
Are you serious?  Your kid is like 9 years old. He's obviously bored in school because he's in a generation that has grown up with things like the internet, 500+ cable channels at his disposal, on...
Dont you dare drug your kid. Those drugs are ridiculous. They just pacify your kid into this mindless drone. Cranking out productivity. So what if he's a bit over excitable and doesn't pay much...
You haven't met any real hipsters.   People who act like that, are like people who say shit like oh I'm such a hippie meanwhile, real hippies would never refer to themselves in that manor. Just...
Girls are very much like that. The little boy is a rookie, eventually he'll grow some balls and realize you can't let women walk all over you
The Cove (about dolphin killing in Japan) Man on Wire (tightrope walking) - Already mentioned The Most Hated Family in America (Louis Theroux about the Phelps) DMT: The Spirit Molecule (About the...
lol that wasn't even close to rigorous. Remind me never to get into a real argument/debate with you. I'm far more confrontational and offensive typically.
Well, until you began this diatribe you weren't really in the category and I didn't look down on you. Just take it at face value and dont place yourself in the category. Easy as pie. You're looking...
You're taking it a bit far. My judgment comes only after someone takes a simple comment that was not even directed at them to the point where it bothers them.
You make a conscious decision to be offended. By letting it affect you negatively you're giving the words grasp in your head. You dont have to let it happen, the fact that you let it get to you is...
Sure, but I dont consider homosexuality a bad thing (I rather like gay people), and I just see it calling a spade a spade.  Also, what if those men you saw in Korea were gay? I'm not up on how...
Alice in Wonderland wasn't really about drugs, but it is still a staple in drug culture. I'll stick with my interpretation lol
I'm sure that was his intention, but alas I hate hobbits and I couldn't identify with any of them. The flawed animal nature of man is much easier to identify with, plus I have an irrational hatred...
We are buffoonish, threatening, and self absorbed. When was the last time you met a noble human? It's a real look at our species and I still identified more with them.    In men (and I might be...
Have you ever noticed that the people most avidly against homosexuality tend to be repressed homosexuals themselves? That's not to say that he was gay, but that was obvious homosexual tension whether...
Fine, so we wont put a label on it. But there was obvious homoerotic tension, that in the historical context was perfectly normal, but by today's knowledge and labels we would refer to as...
So, gay before it was socially acceptable to come out of the closet. Like how men in America used to live with their brother-in-law for like 50 years.
Well I was talking about both. Middle Earth is uninteresting and Tolkien has boring prose. I mean, there are parts of Middle Earth I find appealing. When they were in Moria, the Elven areas, The...
Wilson is far to empathetic to be an ENTP sir. Try ENFx   Actually, outside of House, I'm not really sure on the validity of any of those.
I enjoy Palahniuk. My favorite book of his is Rant, but I've read Fight Club, Choke, and some of his most recent book, but the name dropping was insufferable. I want to read a few more of his novels,...
I didn't have a particular group, but I was just the opinionated, funny, but oddly correct guy in the back of the classroom who never paid attention, but was always aware and competent at what was...
I've heard about this and I agree that it should be brought back and taught in schools. You described it without explaining why they picked what they picked  The Trivium: Logic is the art of...
Hater's gonna hate  Cooler than you
You dont have to choose your career path just because you're going to college. Most people change their minds a bunch while they're still in college, and even more people end up in a career...
Whatever helps you get through the day, but in reference to my post, we know that Sherlock Holmes was entirely fictitious.
And having to retreat into solitude doesn't make him an introvert either. My argument for his extroversion was that he's constantly around groups of people. ENFJs are into going alone to think as...
Umm there's very little proof that he was real aside from the bible. There's actually more evidence that Sherlock Holmes was a real person than Jesus.  But I happen to think Jesus was an ENFJ. I'm...
Why would you give ENTJ pure NT? They're not even N dom. The Ni ingenuity with the Te filter makes INTJs the pure NT. ENTJs are definitely the SJ of the bunch.
I'm not going to lie, I sort of look down on people who are offended really easily. It's not an anti-F bias or anything, but I just find that sort of weak minded. But different strokes for different...
You see it nowhere because he's 100% ENTP. It's actually painfully apparent.  I understand that Fs feel like playing F defender of logic, but no, sorry you're way off on this one. It's not that Fs...
Well from my perspective I'll explain why I dont talk about getting my feelings hurt.   For one, I dont associate positive emotion with the norm. Actually I happen to just accept that life...
she wasn't always emotionally needy, but we started out as best friends so I was already her emotional confidant. Apparently the fact that I didn't curb my words was appealing to her. So yeah she...
Lol you seem to have quite the opinion of us.   I dont necessarily disagree though. If the rest of you are anything like myself then I'd be a great leader, but I dont like leading. I'd rather tell...
I'm not really down for high maintenance anything. The only reason I dealt with their emotional drama was because aside from that, they were the coolest girls I had ever met (at the time of us...
HAHA. That was funny.   In my interactions with NFs, I was always in trouble for saying something that hurt their feelings or offended them deeply, made them cry, blah blah. I spent more time...
I've dated ENFPs. I dont really mind it too much. Try ENFJs. They're really fun too, my biggest crush in years has been an ENFJ
Well it does technically fall under soft science since it's pop psychology. That's almost exactly what it means.
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen 2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien 3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte 4 Harry Potter series - JK Rowling 5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee 6 The Bible 7...
Oh, I didn't realize we were posting examples. Nice!!! Here's a pretty good show of what kind of music I listen to:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_iNdbPvrYk ...
Quin Sabe, the best way to infiltrate the party scene is to network. If you're cool, and remember people's names then they'll ask you to join them at parties. Meet people at parties, get their...
I find it creepy. I dont associate with baseless sheep.    Could I see value in it? Sure, but I dont respect it in any way. I like individuals. I'd rather have someone challenge me than...
For there to be enough reason for emotional drama either a) there would have to be a preexisting sexual relationship or a budding one, or b) you seriously offended me on some ground. The latter is...'"


5173: 'HA! It's probably totally related, you sensors just don't know it yet!
Honestly? Because it makes us face the fact how others see us. It reminds us of the painful truth how widely hated ENTP swag is.  That shit brings me down. Let me swag on.  That's why.
I think we have to face it. She is our kinda ho. Come to think of it, I sort of get what she's doing.   This is dark. Let's never discuss this topic again...
Flattery will get you everywhere.
Well, how should I put this... Hello there :wink:
So. Not. True.  Small reminder, loyalty is earned.
Nope, sorry. Just chuck it in the f*ck it bucket and move on.
When you use the combination of MBTI and body language as a magic trick :laughing: and convince people you can read their minds :crazy:
Dis. Annoys the fech out of me. Rats me out every time and makes me talk to useless people.
78864  :crazy:
See, it's really not that hard :laughing:
Yes! This! We often find ourselves swimming upstream. Our energy and drive scares people. But there are people who actually want us in their corner once they conquer their fear.
I know exactly where you're coming. I use to drift in my life aimlessly and when we drift, we loose our confidence and get depressed. My turning point was found on this forum. About two years ago I...
Can work. First you need to know what you want of him. Sex is easy, serious relationship is another thing. Match is actually pretty powerful if you share a goal outside your relationship. Best way to...
I've been told I am as subtle as a brick. I even try to make it funny.  I left one guy (who was actually quite decent) over the phone. He rang to tell me he was going to spend the evening with his...
1. Emotional porn 2. Fitness diaries 3. Share this if...
Yes, yes, yes. But I've tracked it down to my own frustration to myself. I get these few days after I missed my goals or have been rejected. On those days I hate everyone. And I'm willing to ruin...
Factual you say? :crazy: Nothing is absolutely factual in the ENTP-universe.   This world needs more Derrida.
I use a understand/accept ratio. I don't need to be understood always if I'm accepted. NF's are usually cool with this. NT's need more understanding in relationships in order to steer their feelings.
I've had the pleasure of meeting Sir Branson and IMHO he is an ENTP. His book Screw Business as Usual is a brilliant manifestation of his personality. No S could ever be so innovative :wink:
Heyyyy, your first post! Congrats and welcome!
May I ask how old you are? Your youthful defiance pleases me in a puzzling manner.  I use to be like that. It was a long, rocky and lonesome road I had to walk in order to get where I am today....
When all your female board members hate your guts. I'm the vice president of our organization and I have worked my ass off to improve our performance. The F types seem to oppose everything I suggest....
Truthfully? Probably both of the above combined with your lame ass hatred. Why so snappy? Who got your knickers twisted?
75731
I might brain you.
Certainly my dear friend.  What you suggested in your previous post to her, I found immensely disturbing. Get a makeover, he doesn't fancy youPlease him by letting him choose what you should...
Love is only chemical and therefore it is rational. It doesn't matter if he is gay or fancies someone else. He would not be spending time with you, if he did not like you. We don't hang around with...
What an utter load of bollocks. :rolleyes:
I recon he is in to you. He is just scared. He probably thinks he's being friend-zoned. One thing I've noticed as well, ENTPs avoid flirting when they are vulnerable eg. in love.  Try rationalizing...
I always prefer to interact in person. I love getting texts and emails, just hate writing them. Texting bores me to death. If I'm busy with what ever I'm pursuing at mo, I turn down calls as well....
I use to tell him to come up with better lies and to stop boring me. I use to draw maps of his lies in order to prove my logic to him. Needless to say he did not get it. Listen to me kiddo, NEVER get...
I hate lies! And I can smell 'em. I kept burning my ex bf for a while, trying to teach him a lesson. He was dumb enough to keep at it, hence the ex. I think that's one of the things making us so...
So lame I love it <3
In the grand scheme, yes. Everything is connected and we just need to find the right angle. And for some weird reason we're the only ones who can. INTPs get close, but don't get everything. They...
When you are prepared to do almost anything in order to avoid 9 to 5 work.
This is how I found out I was in love. Once I figured it out, I spend a day analyzing the reasons behind these weird emotions and as a rational conclusion decided to share my feelings with the fella....
But I do love my ENTJ! The thing is that he has plenty of people adoring him for his looks. I love him for what he is; strong, assertive and relentless. I love him for what he makes me become. With...
That's the thing, I have asked him what he wants and he wouldn't give me a straight answer! I'm as blunt as I can be with him (while staying professional). Now, I am a strong personality, I'm the...
Right, here goes. How do I find out what ENTJ male wants? We work together in a political organisation and I cannot figure out wether he is interested me or in something I can do for his career.
Professor Moriarty :D    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0PY-vgLHCQ&feature=player_embedded#!
Sue Perkins? She must be.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&NR=1&v=ObGhHNpmVKk
Cause we get kicked in the head by society. People seem to like us until the Ne kicks in frantic. Afterwards Ti overanalyzes others reactions to our Ne bursts and convinces us to seclude ourselves. ...
7w8, 3w2, 8w7
I'll do it now.
He shall make his own mind, Dudley I say. Altough I might not see him suitable after Amy.  *Respect*
That moment was truly magical. Someone who, even just for a moment, understood me. Too bad he is married, to a bloody ISFJ...   I get ignored a lot as well, however it's usually by people I ignore...
Eternal optimist here. The alternative is simply too dark to turn to.
It's all illusion. Run. Trust me. Run.
The first one I love mostly for visual reasons. I looks like it might have been shot in my head :D The lyrics seem to cheer me up when ever I feel down.  The second one is for the message and the...'"


5179: 'I'm a Swedish ENTP living in Stockholm ;) but Idk if I'm very interesting...
I'm a student. What I study will give me a B.A in philosophy of Global Development, and I'm gunning for a masters in social anthropology.   Other professions I have wanted to do: Work with...
pizza is pizza (it looks like a pie, but a pie is too mediocre to fit into the category which pizza - sans tomato sauce - is in). And tomatoes, in any shape or form, is an abomination to anything and...
that's a pie, not a pizza! And tomato is disgusting anyway
HOW TO ADD YOURSELF TO THE LIST:   Please use Reply with Quote on the latest post with a table  Remove the  tags from the post so the next person can quote the updated table  Scroll to find...
It's just this cheap plastic steel-y thing that we put things on.
Hey! I saw on your profile that you're Norweigan! I knew that you had to come from a Scandinavian country based on how much egg and shrimp there was in that jelly!   Hopefully jellied food is a...
like crepes with cheese, salmon, ham, veggies etc.
This is kalvsylta, i.e jellied veal  454802
Haha that actually looks like something delicious from my country xD  454794
Yup, a way thinner kind usually made on hot stones or smth in the streets around Europe. So delicious with nutella and crushed nuts, or just plain sugar, or nutella with strawberries. With ham, or...
Milk is weird too. I don't drink milk (I happen to eat milk products semi often though) but I was pouring it into my sister's tea when I suddenly realized just how weird it is to drink! It is there...
I think savory crpes are pretty fucking weird and disgusting.   But weirdest was jellied veal when I worked at a nursing home. Cold meat in jelly with lingonberry sauce (I think?).... *shudder*
Ne isn't a particulary extroverted extroverted function either, so it's harder to distinguish in comparison to Se/Fe/Te which are directed at more tangible/social contexts, whereas Ne is still very...
I have social phobia, which I understand is interchangeable with social anxiety... I thought for a very long time that I was INTP, it was so obvious to me that I was introverted. What tipped me off...
Both yes and no. If it's a fun board game, or something like lazerdome or similar I'm not competitive at all, but when it comes to skills I value... I'm very competitive. When I was younger one of my...
When it's christmas and your ISTJ sister starts up an argument based on facts from the 80s/90s and you try to debate with them using current facts but eventually you just have to leave the get...
I didn't watch it until last week because I kept forgetting, but it's so good!
Jessica Jones! A+
451482  I'm 100% impressed (ehh) with my asshole neighbor ;)
I did mensa online test, which is a rough guesstimate of where your IQ lies between. I was guessed between 115-120. It was a follow pattern quiz which are hard for me because I have a sight problem...
ENTPs is to procrastination as cheese is to pizza, so my question to everyone of you is... well, not a question really.   How were you as a child?  The reason I've been wondering about this is...
I think I've found it!  Hard work is simply the refuge of people who have nothing to do - Oscar Wilde  And some people believe he's ENTP, but that's... a discussion for other people to have....
I get pissed off by a lot of things, to be honest. No, but I get annoyed and dislike a lot of things, but what pisses me off:  1) Narrow mindedness, people who don't even bother to consider the...
So I have some things:  When I was a wee kid, i.e a 13 year old, it was around easter. I got around to thinking about eggs, and the ridiculous amounts of egg people eat around easter. I started...
Oh, she just knows that if she says something about it I'll get even more hard headed and do something I will really regret, which I've done a lot... But yes, she usually waits with the...
When you've come up with 10 different reasons why a situation has ended up where it is, and your mother turns to you and says you always make up so many stories, to which I turned to her and said...
I'm honest in that when I say something I mean it, but I don't say everything I think. As draculaoverlord said, there's a time an place for it. Sometimes I exaggerate liking something, or etc. when I...
I can manage like a week or two really, but I start talking to myself and become very uncomfortable after a while.
Damnit I would love to be a meatball!!
Routine is boring, but people in my life aren't that understanding of it anymore :P  A permanent job...maybe, not a permanent place of work, haha!
It will most likely allow a lot of travel. I should have 1 or 2 opportunities during the last of my studies... But it really depends on a great deal of things. It's why I will grin and bear it, it's...
I get bored very easily with pretty much anything. If I had my way I would move every 6-9 months, change jobs every 6-9 months, or course of study, and so on. I get bored with things, people, the...
When you're super tired and meet up with your sister and follow her around the store invading her space and offering sarcastic remarks and joking insults, and then you meet your parents and you spend...
I don't think that non-Americans in general see America as a democracy (which it isn't really, it's a republic). I think most of us are aware that America isn't nearly as free as it claims to be, and...
Hmm... This doesn't really represent what I do on my phone, so I'll create my own, haha  1) scroll through social media 2) look up random things/news/interest/information 3) post on social media...
I mean liberal as the word means in academic context, such as both economic and social values that lie heavily on free trade and property rights (property not just being physical property), and so...
Multiparty system in Sweden has got rather... messy. No one can establish a government, and we rely on a minority government which in turn relies on a very controversial (and actually very...
I think stultum said it right. In Sweden Democrat/liberal/libertarian is pretty far on right. Our right party in parliament over here would probably be labled psuedo socialist, thought they...
Ha! This was kind of interesting.  I got cautious, slightly organized, outgoing, equally confident and sensitive, and very analytical.   I am the most similar to Pewdiepie, Miley Cyrus, David...
Only American politics? Chucks! hehe
I wish D: vegan food is too delicious unfortunately. When I make it (which is 90% of the time) I eat like 2-3x what I should.
haha it's either the : sign, or colon (what people thinks it means) :P
haha! Some of it just has a random word it, but a few of them are basically a shelf lol
I'm so sad that those puns are not as fun for me because the whole video I go you translated that wrong!! :laughing:   (Ikea names are rarely just ridiculous, they're real words! Like envis is...
Hmm...  At a party a guy was being an a-hole pouring beer in my friend's lap (people were drunk, but not THAT drunk). Worth mentioning was that we were sort of crashing, and it was this rich-kid...
Consequences is a good thing to think of. If I can convince myself the world will end when the bus is late, I should be able to at least have some reluctance to face negative consequences of no...
Don't what?
How do you keep up with the scheduling? Like, put things in every week/month. What drives you to put it down like that?
I managed one job and school without a schedule, but two jobs and school won't work, especially when every week is different :P'"


5198: 'Angelic Gardevoir  Mutant Hive Queen  Fairness  Concepts  A thread to tell people why things suck.
Back after a long hiatus, wishing to change my name to Mutant Hive Queen. :)
104 probably.
Mmmmmm...  115-120? You seem like you have some intellectual interests but I haven't seen you perform any tasks that require intellectual processing, which means I  have no evidence that it's too...
I wish to become a witch. Can you do that for me?
Couldn't feel the cane under all those pokes. :tongue2: I think you sabotaged yourself.
After having read it, I feel like I'm a Lunar-Saturn type. Which isn't possible, but enh.   Or...wait, the slowness of Venus fits too. Argh.
Hrmmm.  Not enough people are talking about me.   This is obviously COMPLETELY UNACCEPTABLE.   I mean, I gave you people an Enneagram post to mull over, but no one replied. So now, I come...
My thoughts...definitely have punctuation. I have no doubt about this.   I think it comes from being a speechmaker at times.
Let's see if this links...   Based on stuff from when I was younger I got this, though.
So, I was reading through the INFJ forum (well, a thread on it), and a particular part of it struck me as interesting. I shall quote it...    So, while I don't agree that Fe=empathy really, it...
http://img0.joyreactor.cc/pics/comment/%D0%B4%D0%B5%D0%B2%D1%83%D1%88%D0%BA%D0%B0-%D0%BE%D1%82%D0%BD%D0%BE%D1%88%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%B8%D1%8F-%D0%B8%D0%B4%D0%B5%D0%B0%D0%BB%D1%8C%D0%BD%D0%B0%D1%8F-%D0%B4%D...
You've tried to creep people out here?
Estp.
Infj
Intp
Well, I have some questions now.   However, I think looking at the study would be a less bothersome manner of answering them. Do you have a link anyplace? XD
Thank.
But what if the White Knight...is black?!   I couldn't think of anything better I'm sorry.
How did they measure field independence? If they don't think Thinking is measurable, but all the qualities of it are, that's somewhat inconsistent.
EDIT: Disregard the post here. My idiot brother shares the computer with me.
*looks at this thread, doesn't even post and instead mutters something about worthless forum games*
Yeah, hippo critical LIKE YOUR MOM LAST NIGHT.  No, really, to oppose demanding any sort of assistance to those in need and at the same time to accept welfare money...it was not a long debate. Such...
I don't think it has to do with belonging as much as you say, but rather standing out, marking themselves as having some kind of personal value so that they don't disappear into the heard.     ...
I'm not that quick to figure out someone's type generally, is what I meant. :tongue:
I think I just met an INTJ 4. What's even more interesting was that this was obvious pretty much the day we met.
To be honest, I don't have much to add here besides what's already been said about asking him questions and so forth, but as an added thought...  I'm sort of wondering how feasible it would be to...
Hrm...  Well, I've been around on the forum long enough to maybe have developed a reputation. So I'm back here. I kind of want to see if there's some sort of mythos or forum presence I have that...
...I'm going to have to actually buy this, aren't I?   God damn it. :tongue: I was hoping knowing you would get me a backstage pass. :tongue:
Not with the way you're dressed.
'   I was neither thing as a child. Perhaps ENTP is a legit possibility...  Actually, shit, ENFP is even more likely based on child-me.    Though perhaps the reason for this confusion is that...
Why are there no thanks?
So say I wanted my dick dismembered, but would rather do it in comfort...  Anyplace you can accomodate me? :wink: :tongue:
Well, fuck, what'm I gonna do with this coin now?
1. What you said about an infant's potential also applies to fetuses, though. (I'm uncomfortable killing them myself) 2. Why would killing the lion to eat be necessary, though? People can live on...
What?   Rounding up the population number to 330,000,000 for a second, and the .17 to .2, providing all those people with vegetarian diets would require...66,000,000 acres. Which is less than a...
Sociopathy doesn't equate to a lack of morality, just a lack of empathy.   They can reason about what would be the morally better decision, for instance.    Which animals would you define thus?
Well, Lions are a lot like infants in that you can't really explain morality to them. Arguably that's a pass.
What evidence do you have of a labor shortage in the 70s/80s or a vast increase in the number of jobs available that would be necessary to make these female workers productive?  If anything, the...
Mind switching me back to Privileged ?   Goin' retro. :tongue:
But to be clear, if a woman does any of those things it's demeaning to her, right?
Theoretically this is where I would write up some paragraph-length post explaining my title in more depth but there honestly isn't much more to say here. I suppose I could define the Zone a bit...
Will you marry me?
I love that bit that got cut off at the end. Does anybody know how to drive this thing? :laughing:
I feel special and enjoy it when people don't fully get me. I only learned about this power I had recently, though. :laughing:
Awww, that's sweet.   I think I'll prop you up as a candidate. :tongue:
Ink   Ix92ve got an octopus mind Rising to reach and grab the line Of your demise Drag your corpse out to my tide Contemplating everything that brought you down on the knife All your craters...
Were you gonna get down on Friday, Hotaru? :tongue:  *can't resist the reference*     I make mistakes like that all the time and I don't drink. :unsure:    I hope that doesn't say anything...
@Entropic @Kintsugi @TheProphetLaLa  And actually, while we're on this line of thought...I can in fact imagine impulsiveness in a Type 1, in particular a gut drive to Correct someone's behavior...
EDIT: You know what? It was just one word.   You scored 50 out of 100 masculine points, 60.833 out of 100 feminine points, and 61.667 out of 100 androgynous (neutral) points.'"


5199: 'If we're going to talk about selfishness and all...  An ENTP exerting a reluctant compromise is taking far more initiative than an ISFJ simplying saying NO to all requests that is out of his...
See, this is where ISFj-ENTP problems will show up eventually.  An ENTP has made compromises, but ISFJs want certain compromises to be done in a certain way. In other words, even in our own...
To make things simple, let's just fairly assume that a lot of people are SJs and most of us (even non ENTPs) are raised by at least one SJ parent.   Since someone here pointed out GOD, I'm going to...
Coming from an 8 year relationship with an ISFJ....  My two cents:  1. If you're the no-girlfriend-since-birth ENTP, ISFJ can give you that long term relationship you badly needed.  2. She...
Right from the very beginning, I see the madonna-whore undertones of this thread. It's just that ENTPs are asked about our take on the issue.   I'll be honest with this. If I'm going to have a...
Some of the most sexually charged people I know include 2 INFP bipolar women, one ENFP woman, and 1 ENTP woman.   If an INTUITIVE can be sexually charged up to those levels, what should hinder them...
Flirting guide, ENTP style.   1. Acknowledge your imperfections. It's easier to manage self esteem when you have self-acceptance instead of trying to hide something (this is an area where ENTPs...
In other words, we kinda want to play the game, but we kinda can't/won't.
The problem with promiscuity is that a lot of NT rationals secretly want to be a PLAYER of sort, but are hindered by their moral high grounds and social incompetence.  Actually, the fastest way for...
In the first place, whether you use the term slut, or whore, or whatever similar word, it's bound to be objectifying because the word itself is politically incorrect.   But for the sake of...
I think the reason why RATIONALS have a traditional view on promiscuity is because promiscuity is a very complex mode of social interaction and socializing isn't the strongest point of any NT....
Personally, among my closest friends, one is an ENFP, and the other is an INTJ.   Pretty much my social circle is composed of the eccentric types. Does it make me feel normal? Not much, but...
MBTI types are a sequence of cognitive functions by order of preference. If we want to be technical on that...  ENTP = Ne, Ti, Fe, Si INTP = Ti, Ne, Si, Fe  Personally, online tests give me...
I think my two cents is needed here. I can relate to the issue a lot.   I live in the Philippines, and a lot of of employment opportunities here come from call centers, which isn't really a...
I think you're somewhat over-analyzing things that you may have slightly misinterpreted.   Ti is not necessarily a goal-setter. It doesn't define goals. It merely analyzes/dissects. ENTPs typically...
I'm not so sure if the thread title question demands a categorical answer or it's a rhetorical question in itself.   Not that I expect a lot of ENTPs to give a definitive answer on this since it's...
My biggest insecurity -- probably job security.   My working experience is based on the call center industry, which is as corporate as it can get.   This gives me a notion that work is basically...
https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5552/14907010191_c964256da6_b.jpg
My hobbies include:  1. Photography - that hobby that gives guys access to the most attractive women without requiring them to take alcoholic drinks or go to a bar. I'm not a social drinker, by the...
^^Photography is basically an Ne's playground.   https://farm4.staticflickr.com/3872/14701668977_0a314a2636_b.jpg
LOL! So that I how I used to take pics in 2012.   Recent studio shoots I did.   https://farm6.staticflickr.com/5586/14871242504_39674157eb_b.jpg ...
One of my closest friends is an INTJ. I think I can give a decent two cents on this.   We both had long term relationships. Mine his 8 years. I think his is around 4. After breaking up with his ex,...
Cheating is somewhat a grey area in the ENTP mindset.   Unless the ENTP guy f*cked the girl, everything else is still not cheating. At least in the technical sense.   When things are a grey...
I have an ISFJ girlfriend for 8 years, and I was still flirting with my friends.  Sometimes, it's kinda hard to draw lines because I think they just friend zoned me, but they flirt back when...
Ok, my two cents.   First, what you have to think is this...  ENTPs don't have any long term plan on anything, so there's not necessarily a motive behind the flirting. Motive is only there if...
Personally, I do consider Facebook as an extension of my social life. It doesn't need to be something that's totally separate from a real life interaction.   I'm a hobbyist portrait photographer,...
I was in an 8 year relationship with an ISFJ before it ended. Back then, I was just 23.  At that time, I really wanted to have a long term relationship because I thought it can give me a sense of...
There are simple principles I live with in terms of social etiquette.   If there's something in my thoughts that has a certain potential to sound rude if I say it, I'd rather not say it. I just...
http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2870/13264051354_f1933ef28c_b.jpg  http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3745/13264247243_3d35ab6424_b.jpg
http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2865/13202819225_cc17b7f1c8_b.jpg  http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2778/13201597544_85d6876fc3_b.jpg
http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3742/13211326444_bcdd076418_b.jpg  http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3815/13205377264_ef50b2171a_b.jpg
Hmmmm....  I'm a hobbyist photographer, and a huge chunk of my portfolio include glamour portrait pictures, which require me to have good communication skills with women.   I know a handful of...
Te is not bad per se, though in reality, this function doesn't seem to be that much well-filtered.   Especially in a working environment where profit is the bottom line, any endeavor that will...
http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3770/12653385024_8bb67fbac3_b.jpg
http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7329/12586223183_1fcdd6331d_b.jpg  http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7410/12574160145_0967bb575f_b.jpg  http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3800/12572542394_145ecf85c7_b.jpg
http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7298/12465055975_33b2d178e0_b.jpg  http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7384/12466711034_87c1a8e670_b.jpg  http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7415/12392331885_8677560546_b.jpg ...
http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5546/11870655283_4cb1b6e0f0_b.jpg  http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2871/11975214416_19b6ac0bb8_b.jpg  http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7305/12192895306_198ec3161a_b.jpg ...
Nope. Philippines.
http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2806/12073226524_0ccc9dbd0f_b.jpg  http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2869/12049573963_1623b3978a_b.jpg  http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7441/11871430883_9fcbc35821_b.jpg ...
http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7326/12237170685_fa0947c326_c.jpg  http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7311/12267532806_084b49a5a2_c.jpg  http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2816/12276834186_a94476d7cb_c.jpg ...
I think this issue is one of the more exaggerated concerns of ENTPs. Social lives aren't exactly a black or white thing. There's this thing called COMPROMISE that works wonders if your intuitive ENTP...
I have an issue with using X to denote a balanced cognitive function.   Even if I score a solid ENTP on any MBTI test without any of these four letters approaching the X status, MBTI is still a...
I don't think this is an issue of ENTPs being sucky with their emotions. This is a problem of ENTPs...uhmm...well...being ENTPs.   ENTPs do flirt with quite a lot of women, and doing so makes their...
My take on this...  Being around with sensors.....is better than being stuck at home, unless you have a lot of interesting hobbies that you can do alone.   I'm more bored being stuck in my house...
I seriously think that ENTPs shouldn't complain about their social lives.   For one, INTPs, ENTJs, INFPs, INTJs, INFJs, and some other eccentric types, most likely have it worse.   Actually, if...
^^  Actually, the reason why I click with my INTJ friend is because we're in the same tier of intellect. But his jokes are just off. Just, way off.   Me and my INTJ friend have this common ENTP...
Socially, quite easy to distinguish INTJs from ENTPs.   The problem with the general population is that they tend to put nerds/geeks under the same cluster and don't easily see the differences.  ...
^^  I know two confirmed INTPs, at least two more that I seriously think are INTPs, two confirmed ENTPs, plus some unconfirmed, and two confirmed INTJs. This isn't really sterotyping. Though it's...
INTPs are like ENTPs, only less mobile/flexible. Sometimes, less mature. Not that I see a lot of mature ENTPs in this ENTP subforum, but that's another topic.   The thing with INTPs...they rely too...
Happens to EVERY ENTP. Level of coping/maturity in handling it though varies significantly.'"


5206: 'Somebody's irony detector is broken...
I hope you didn't take what I said as an affront to yourself or your argument.  That was not my intention.  I agree with you about the skinny thing, obviously it is also very bad for you.  There...
Okay, please don't take this as hate; I'm just glad you brought this up.  I have no problem with fat people, I have some fat friends myself.  However, I can't stand this new fat pride movement, for...
Well, here comes the whirlwind.  Whirlwind, weather, rain, it's raining out right now should I go smoke a cigarette?  First one of the day, can't wait, oh wait it's fucking raining, I don't think I...
It's not just you, it's a general trend around here.  I've noticed that replies come very very slowly, if at all, unless you're a popular member or you have a thread idea that universally appeals to...
I smoke 350,000,000,000 packs a day.  Marlboro reds are my go-tos but I like Marlboro menthol, southern cut, and lights.  I also like lucky strokes, camel crush, buglers, newports, and parliaments...
I see you guys already went over HUP.    Chaos theory does not imply randomness at all.  Chaos theory studies dynamical systems, which are completely deterministic in that their behavior is...
Well, some of it is definitely this:     7w6 and INTP generally don't mix.  Moreover, and more importantly, from what little I can gather from your talking/interpersonal style I don't see much...
Actually it's the opposite for me.  Every single thing I read in a book sends my mind off on a tangent.  That's why I can't even read books anymore, as much as I'd like to.  I just can't focus.  I...
I know I'm not the only one not buying this INTP thing OP.
Drugs
Well, that's exactly it: you're not supposed to win us.  At least not me.  Deep down it kills me to be left alone, but I know that by behaving the way I do that it will continue to happen.  I'd...
I avoid them as much as possible and convince myself that feelings are stupid.  Eventually, I get over it.  If I can't avoid interaction I act like an asshole.  Still, I can never help but steal...
I dropped out of college.  I wanted to be either a psychophysicist or a linguist.  Now I work a minimum wage job and will probably never go anywhere.  Though I'm still holding out the hope that one...
Couldn't fit all of this in one post apparently, so one more thing.   You might find this kind of strange, but whatever.  I love folk music,  especially Irish folk music and I really enjoy getting...
Hmm...let me see what I can do for you.   One of my favorite bands, who I never hear anyone talking about ever, is Steeleye Span.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OivzThpJbk  ...
.........      These.  Just don't talk to him anymore, not that difficult.  I don't know why you feel such a strong need to rectify the situation, but I'm sure he doesn't.  Sorry to say, but...
I used to do that all the time.  I don't do it anymore unless they've made a grave error and I feel it's really necessary.  I feel that non-native speakers are generally appreciative of corrections...
This so much.  I diagnosed myself with aspergers, adhd, NPD, schizotypal personality disorder, and so many more.  Turns out I have none of those things as I eventually came to realize.  I spent all...
Lolololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololooooooooooooooo
Absolutely agree.  I guess the reason why I'm asking is because I've never seen it mentioned in this forum and I've never come across it in the literature I've read on mbti and the enneagram.  I've...
Before I begin, I'd ask that anyone who doesn't believe in intelligence pls go.  I'm frequently put-off by the number of people I find on the internet dismissing the notion of intelligence with...
I mean that I pretty much sit around all day on my computer from the morning until late at night and then go out and smoke, come back, go to sleep, rinse, repeat.  I go to work on the weekends, and...
I just take in information however it is presented to me and synthesize it intuitively.  I can't really explain my learning style, I was always one of those freaky gifted kids who always just gets...
I'm not here to really challenge the validity of the system as I have no facts or data to back up any claims other than my own personal experience, but I'm highly skeptical.  I've been on a journey...
Bump
I understand that each enneatype and each instinctual variant stacking has levels of health, and that these have behaviors associated with them.  For example, an unhealthy 5 might dissociate...
Ha, I do that a lot.  Last time I got really mad at someone I grabbed their collar, pulled them right up to my face, and slowly described exactly why I was mad, what they did wrong, and just how...
I do enjoy figuring out systems of how just about anything works.  I used to be big on taking things apart and looking inside, but lately I've been stuck in a state of mild dysthymia and ennui and...
Frequently
Couldn't agree more.  I honestly have a hard time watching the news nowadays without getting irked by their ridiculous attitudes and biases.  Journalism today deviates a lot from what it is supposed...
I find that when talking on the phone I tend to get distracted by everything around me and lose focus completely.  I do that enough in person, so I usually lose just about all information I should...
Depends on what you mean.  I enjoy having a civil debate.  An argument, especially one where I'm actually right, just seems a frustrating waste of time to me.  What other people think doesn't really...
Why didn't I think of that?  Oh wait, I did.  Already took the test, several of them.  I've gotten INTP, INFP, and ENTP.  Which, given the relationships between the cognitive functions, means that...
How you doin' everyone?  I'm pretty new here.    So now that that's out of the way, I've spent a lot of time in these past few weeks trying to determine my personality type.  At first I was certain...
Comic books, normal books, video games, video game systems, instruments, weapons from various time periods, Batman and Legend of Zelda memorabilia, replica movie props, and tobacco pipes.
Untitled  x93Why are you laughing, love?x94 She asked of me, x93You havenx92t stopped since half-past three; Is it you, is it them, dost thou laugh at me?x94  x93Oh no, my dear darling,x94 I said with a...'"


5212: 'I'm an ENTP actor, if the ENTP has a deep passion for drama then they'll undoubtedly be good at it - if they delve deeply into it. There a lot of amazing ENTP actors!
I've not drunk PBR cause I'm English but I like a lot of different types of alcohol, usually strong and bitter tasting. I do like a hell of a lot of indie rock, but not exclusively, I guess most of...
^Though, like I said. I reckon this is an age thing for ENTPs, I certainly hope I'll grow out of my insecurities. We all got hormones. Stephen Fry is an ENTP and has bipolar disorder, he seems like...
I don't know, maybe it's just me - but I think an ENTP's confidence is very much dependant on the people he/she spends the majority of their time around, i.e an ENTP in a work environment where their...
Self-diagnosed...of course, anything you can label yourself so that your different folks;) and I thought ENTPs only trusted facts and logic...
I have dyspraxia, so little chance of that, actually. But 'tis a nice thought...
Sure Portland is like the Jew's promised land but for hipsters :cool:
Yeah, certainly. God's got the dark sense of humour of the ENTP and has serious confidence issues. It makes perfect sense that this world was created by an ENTP.
I'd say it's an age/maturity/self-confidence thing, for me, anyway. Because I think you get to a point where your confident enough in yourself to trust your attitude and judgment and that if someone...
Well, as an ENTP I'm going to claim to be ambidextrous regardless of the truth.
Obviously a pentagon job, quite obviously. As the illuminati often do, there are evidences in pop culture. Pitbull and Shakira - it's all right there. Lyrics to get it started:   No Ali, no...
I often get called a hipster by many people, this is due to the fact that simply I tend to be more interested in counter-culture and have alternative alternatives tastes. Whether it be music, art,...
I often need to be in my room to get work done, or at least I feel like I need to be alone in my room before I can get any work done. But to be fair, wherever I am, once I've started or perhaps have...
Well of course it makes perfect sense why ENTPs would want to believe Jesus was an ENTP. But he was way too secure, selfless and worldly to be an ENTP. Judas certainly could have been ENTP though...
Haha, interesting point but NO (Capital letters to show I am not to be fucked with...Hashtag Badass) I'm a teenage ENTP :P I did think I was an INTP for a very long time though. But then I realized...
This isn't the case for me at all, I've always been very old for my years. I had a reasonably lonely childhood so I guess that's why there's no childlike tendencies still in me...I guess, if that...
It's about the ENTP's social conditioning and surroundings that impact on whether they're religious or not. You do get Christian ENTPs but I think they will be the ones who won't just settle with...
My family is Jamaican (living in the UK, some of them) and when someone dies the funerals are FUCKING EPIC. I'm not a Christian or anything but we go to my grandmother's gospel church and there's...
Add her on Facebook first and see if it says 'In a relationship' or 'Single' http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mevm53qSFS1rxis0k.gif
I assume what would happen is that the ENTP and ESTP would both try to be the leaders, the ENTP would be the successor because of their confidence and logic but perhaps the ESTP would make things...
Great response DeathRipper, thanks! I agree with you :)
Good point, it's just the whole thing of not clicking with someone at first then becoming great friends and the polar opposite of clicking with someone at first but then realizing you perhaps don't...
I was wondering if this was the case for other ENTPs because it definitely is the case for me:  Whenever I meet someone, I find that we either: A. Don't necessarily seem to have that much of a big...
No one seems interested anyway!! I thought it was pretty funny...
There aren't many like Waking Life but you could try A scanner darkly which is shot in the same way by the same director Richard Linklater, also check out his film 'Slacker' which is kind of similar....
As an ENTP, I glanced at my first message from Personality Cafe's founder 'Happy'...what a depressing name :dry:  Part of their message: 'We have a very friendly user base, so don't be shy about...
'Edward or Jacob?' 'Why can't I understand girls?' or if you're a girl...'Why won't boys understand me?' 'OMG JUST SAW NEW NEED4SPEED MOVIE' 'Why do foreigners always take our jobs?' 'ENTP...
I used to have TERRIBLE stammering and stuttering as a child, all the time. Oddly, I'm the most excitable person who loves to rant now but when I was younger I was shit scared of life. Sometimes now...
Excellent!! for both of those I'd just respond like 'lolwut bro?' :wink:
This is difficult because gifs are fucking amazing...but what have we got?  http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqlo6mTq331qkmpj8o1_500.gif Anymore??? :crazy:
http://ciaohi.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/i-am-god.gif
http://media.giphy.com/media/ASsIDJJ23BFsc/200_s.gif http://media.giphy.com/media/mtwzVgqAn96jC/original.gif I couldn't decide...I mean, I'm the most decisive type so I realize this is an odd alien...
An x-friend once said 'I don't even think you understand yourself' http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/163/036/tumblr_louiyn41IF1qbkillo1_500.gif
I'm just chilling, listening to music and forcing myself to watch yet another few quirky indie film I know I'll be into. Step2. Think for hours that I should go outside more, realize it's like 11pm,...
https://fbcdn-sphotos-f-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/922825_10200467747407757_493404953_n.jpg https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/941418_10200467747487759_453084164_n.jpg...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frBWvyE_N9I
I'm always on it, this isn't to say I use it a lot but I do talk to friends on it almost everyday. Not necessarily a lot of friends, just a few who are sometimes regular and a few are slightly more...
I couldn't agree more with you! What my teachers said:    Mature (wtf) - I get this too, though it's a suprise. Maybe that's cause I look at the people around me and think 'Yeah, compared to...
There are so many pseudo-intellectual arse holes who just love themselves without any logical reason, I mean if they're like 'DERP DERP I'M TOP PRESTIGE ON CALL OF DUTY' even though it's...
Write a gritty coming-of-age novel about a guy in a rural area who feels alone, instead of wallowing around like a little bitch he instead, decides to fuels his angst to MESS WITCH BITCHES and FUCK...
Age: 17  Gender: Male  Current Relationship Status: Single  Number of GF/BF's You've had officially: 1  Number of Casual Relationships: 4
I think ENTP writers like other ENTP writers, one of the great ENTP writers is Chuck Palaniuk and I guess my writing style is similar to his. Like some of the other guys, I don't really plan it out...
YES!!! Don't get me wrong, I'm a sucker for the arthouse films so I naturally like ones that are well shot, well acted. But I do like testing my boundaries and watching films that will scare me or...
Yes, I often wish it wasn't though. I think I secretly wish I was a lot more introvert than I am...well I say it's a secret but I'll happily shout WANNA KNOW WHY MY PERSONAL SECRET!?
You should somehow build a dungeon in your basement and keep him in there for 10 years until some old black guy rescues him.
I agree that most ENTPs dispute religion, though perhaps those with strong social conditioning towards it can be. It's because a lot of religious people read up on and gather facts to argue the logic...
I smoke a lot, I don't take note of how much because I think I wouldn't like the truth! Though I enjoy it, I realize I should quite and probably will at some point in the future...though not for some...
71902
I guess I care about style...a bit. Thing is, I can get vintage clothing really cheap from vintage and charity shops so that's what I do. I probably look like I'm trying hard with my brogues and...
A) Cigarettes, Caffein, Sleeping and Energy pills, Cigarres, Pipe Tobacco, Alcohol, Weed  B) I smoke cigarettes, a pipe, the occasional cigarre because I enjoy it and I can't be bothered to quit...'"


5214: 'Rarely. I have to f-up really bad before I get embarrassed. Smaller ones I just turn into a joke.
All ENTPs I know myself included seem to be liked by most people.  I have a gift of tuning myself to other peoples frequency and I can get along with almost any dickhead out there. Depending on the...
This is why I don't bring my knife to debates anymore... Oh, 'Stabbo'... Some good times we had you and I....
I used this on a few sites almost 15 years ago. I think I came up with it just cause it sounded cool. I quess it does depict my very two sided personality or something.  Wish I had gone with...
This is a great thread! It's like getting to hear all the things I couldn't when my gf's ISTx ex found out the guy who she dumped him for was 6 shorter than him...  Poor guy even asked what(for an...
... you're already like the duracell bunny just thinking you'll be spending the weekend in an expo talking to hundreds of new people.
Now there's a true leader!
And I have cheese in the fridge, who cares? Now are we getting some proof already?
Yeah right... You do realize we need proof?  One of those expensive WS hangers won't hurt....
One more vote for the smaller boobs.
No morommoro. I'm told I do have a strong accent of Tampere and in spoken english I propably sound like a (better than average) rally driver 'cause I don't use english much.
Here's one!
Humor has always been a big thing in my life. I joke about everything all the time. NOTHING is above or out of reach of humor in my eyes. Sure I won't be cracking holocaust jokes in jewish parties or...
Thank you! I was trying to find something positive about this thing and you just delivered.
https://media.giphy.com/media/SIgYDEOU7z10A/giphy-facebook_s.jpg That's my first reaction. One way or the other that's what you go for to make an ENTP really like you.  And no. Freaking out or...
That's 'cause I'm an evil thinker and have no morals. Now shut up and let me eat my kitten soup.
The final one.  We got a nice camp for all of you feelers....
Usually my bad gut feelings are triggered by lactose.
You called?
I think it needs more... Yeah you're right. Squeezeburn. Love solved. Nothing to see here any more.
I got ISTP. I'm ENTP.
Or is a person in love ripped?   I don't know. Now that I think it, it was more like a squeeze for me. But that's not the point. It's the endorphins.... Mmmmm... Endorphins...
Could be one or the other TBH, or both.  But thinking the case trough my eyes he might be attracted to you. One thing that swept my feet with my INTP gf was her ability to match me in my arguing and...
It's a force of nature.     It's like pain. Nobody likes boiling water in their mouths but a lot of us eat insanely hot chili just for the burn. It's the same but it's not.
I'm saving myself for marriage.
INTP. I could do stucking with one for weeks but that poor thing would propably die of E-poisoning.
Well someone has to do it.
I find the lack of ENTPs in peoples dream teams disturbing...
ENTP and INTP    We have the same thing.
As an ENTP I'm supposed to have a built-in lie detector... Nope.
Like the replies say we're not all the same(duh)... Here is how it is for me:  How do ENTPs engage in conversation with complete strangers? Easily. I start conversations in cashier lines and on...
You can make your own synthetic ENTPs by mixing INTP and cocaine.   I do this every now and then. I like my butt.   I like hanging with INTPs alot. They make good sidekicks and voices of sanity...
B-b-b-but that's against the rules!
Dated an ENFP for 12 years(lived together for 10 I think). Judging by that experience the Fs will sometimes get buthurt by the Ts humor and the Ts get confused by the Fs weird feels. One thing is...
I was 16. It was with my first gf. I've never been into one night stands and have had 3 partners. My first(5 year relationship), second(12 years) and current. I'm 33 now.
I use to work two years for a narcisist. I suspect he is ESTJ. Worst time of my life.
Suomi mainittu!  TORILLA TAVATAAN!!!
If this is not ENTP I don't know what is   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7yVvMmqSpk
I'm not a super hero or a super villain Jamaia, I'm just a regular guy. I live in the dark northern europe and enjoy long walks on the beach and polishing my trophy collection of ESTJ skulls. I'm...
Although very amusing this thread is useless.. We need a queen that's like an INFJ or something. She need to be a feeler to make unrational decisions to behead people and let's face it a queen must...
I'll drink tequila with you. Just come here and bring a bottle or two...
Do I sense a naked jello wrestling match coming??
Oh my god this is like the time I wadered into a gay bar all over again...  Queens... Queens everywhere...  Exept for the cleavage.. That wasn't there...
1. What is your profile name? MyEvilTwin  2. Why would you answer #1 when we could clearly see your name? It's not the same twin as the one you can see on the bar left. I have multiple evil...
Not having my male parts feel uncomfortable in any clothes. Totally better than x-ray vision or that kinda crap.
We'll have to nuke them from the orbit. It's the only way to be sure.
I myself lurk on the INTP-forum. They're interesting. They actually talk there instead of just sitting at home behind their computers...wait... Seriously you're fun.
Pix or didn't happen :rolleyes:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3tRynxqD7c  And   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxSkz-WlZLE
Yeah.. Having a super title in a forum in the internet is all we ENTP need to feel good about ourselves... Maybe we even get some sparkling thingies with it!'"


5228: 'Well ! That's exactly what I had in mind... Sounds a bit shallow and selfish, no ? I just hope I'm not too much like that.
So sorry for driving you nuts, it's totally independent of my will. Still so do I, I love you too.  Am I really hedonistic ? That must be terrible !!! :laughing:
Please, let me give you an ENTP point of vue of what you call being harsh.  That's true. Sometimes, INFJs may look harsh to people. But, for me, sharpness is a more suitable name for it. ...
Hypothesis of two guys during their studies :  Guy 1 : Study all day, very focused, do 5 hours/day homework. Get a 95% final grade rate. Guy 2 : Do not care too much of teachers speach, do not...
Hello.  Try using the IMG code : yourimageURL  (in source mode, first icon) Your pictures will appear bigger.
Bed or no bed, it is not the question. The real thing is can we envisage sex/love as some king of humdrum routine ?!  My personnal pov is : no way ! Any routine in love is boring. Not only for...
Excellent ! Plus it's a Dali !! Really a great Idea !
It must be terribly painfull... :frustrating:
Yes it as been scientifically proven. But it's nothing like 'sex was good or not'. It's because of the male brain secreting (hope it's the right word) a drug just after coitus to make him sleep......
Here is another of my artworks. Made with Photoshop. Hope you enjoy.  http://fc01.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2012/338/4/a/yet_another_fantasy_by_myrddin66-d5n0upc.jpg  High res version on my devianart...
Even if i'm not INFJ, here is one of my artworks.   http://fc08.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2012/336/4/1/imaginary_land_by_myrddin66-d5mttj7.jpg  More soon.
The Shut Up Kiss should be forbidden by Geneva Conventions. It's too hard to resist it.  Combined with the Give me your opinion on... sentence, it's an efficient tool for psychological torture...
Here is my advice, from an ENTP beeing with an INFJ, even if I can't be really sure if it is really the 'key' of the ENTP-INFJ relation.  The thing that seems to be the more important is...
Very serious about you being good. Really.  The rest is just my habitual craziness.
William I am  :  Man, you're good ! Really really good ! That made me want to make a therapy...  Too bad I am already so perfect :-(
It's a strange hard to explain feeling. Like some kind of evidence. And it has nothing to do with 'getting used to the other one' or things like that.  It's more like 2 people spending time...
amen.
In fact this is particularly attractive.
Yes ? What is it ?... ...Hmmm... Did you say PLOTS ??? I never  talk about Plots ?!! You're the one who talk about plots... I just  give my POV, no more.  Well, the fact is that I am perhaps a bit...
Hi ! My girlfriend, an INFJ, often tell me such things, about people playing games, ... I must confess, if I did noticed such things long ago, I never not really cared... it was more like Wanna...
No one. Just a metaphor to illustrate a possible, but not necessary, temporary break in mutual understanding in a particular area.
We talk about it very often !  Our communication is a lot about... Our communication... ?!!! (Isn't that Ouroboros ?)   I never said that she meant to make me feel this way... It was a humorous note....
In fact, I think she mean objectivity... I do like that about myself !
I'm actually dating an INFJs, she's kind and very concerned about anything. Always nice and open-minded...Well nearly always, but I'm not better myself. We really talk a lot, no doubt she is the one...
Indeed. I was ironic. This definitely would not be a paradise for any N. And you're right we still see it far too often.
Truth. We should live in tribes where alphas males have all the females and the others just wait the alpha to be too old, so one can kill him and take his place. A paradise for NTs and NFs.
As an ENTP,  let me say: Thank you, thank you, and... Thank you.
Well this thread is certainly very edifying. Even if some post seems quite shallow for NFs.    Some of us, ENTPs, seems to feel the same about INFJs. There is hope.  Here ! For you !  54213
Classy
Except opinions not always about facts. And facts not always applies to opinion. Plus, who said it was you who known the truth (even of facts) except yourself... Which is your opinion that anyone...
+  +  +   =  1. Data recorded, formulas corrected, programmation altered
<SERIOUS ON> This might be the smartest thing I read on the subject till now <SERIOUS OFF>  Still... No way I let you MY study ! Fool !
Yes I would !
And 'vice-versa'...
Actually, I do think that there might be a correlation ! At least, it certainly deserves further study.
50 bucks on the big one with the red shorts
This would not be a very pragmatic approach.  Instead, we should create a committee of experts to 'cut the issue'.
A young adult ? Oh, I really start to like you...  Sorry but I do not feel like explaining my pov, it's too much work. I'll just say : yes, you're right, there is a real 'physical' world... but...
This might be the most romantic thing ever !... Well, this and the nuptial rite of snails.
Someone told me there was a cock size competition, somewhere here... Is it here ?
Lol ! That for sure was a bright ENTP comment... Still, I can be quite delusional indeed, for most people. And what's worse, pretty proud of it ! :confused:  Now the real question is : was my...
OMG !  We really have good tastes ! :cool:
You know you're a ENTP when you feel the same and do not hesitate to send it right into their face ;-)
Fine, fine, my bad !  The thing is so obvious for me that I certainly did not explained it enougth. So let me be a little more precise. By telling Easy !, I did not want to say it will be easy...
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. Albert Einstein  An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex. Aldous Huxley ...
lol
There is no such thing as Real World... Everything is illusion
Interresting subject here.  Quite intriguing for me since I had some kind of traumatic similar experience yesterday. This make you very open minded about the subject. I would love to read any idea...
@Ningsta Kitty : Yes, you derailed : I do not play D&D !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmeyocnsEIk'"


5242: Me : ENTP Baby sis : ENTJ Twin brothers : ISTP, ISTJ Dad : ESTP Mom : ESFJ Maternal grandma : ISFJ
Conscientiousness may have a strong correlation to J and P, but I also think mature P types (example, ENFP who's got Te sorted out and healthy) can also exhibit high conscientiousness too.  While F...
20, ENTP. LOL, mdr, huehuehue, 555, wwwww, kkkkk *laughs in every language possible*
In order to get what I want, yes, but also to keep overall peace among everone in the group.
1. A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, I was typed as an ISTP.  2. I grew up in a conservative Asian society, and was a quiet rebel who barely spoke, an I. I was lazy, hence the P, and...
The answer isn't a statement; it's another question in itself. My curiosity can never be satisfied.
Neither could I imagine a forceful, control freak telling me to shut up and be realistic, as well as nitpicking just about everything I think or do in life.
ENTP. Got ENTJ as my ideal mate. NOPE. NOPE. NOPE.  Just, no.  On a more serious note, I do have a really close ENTJ friend of the opposite gender but never in a million years would I be...
Do SJ's want to know their MBTI types? Absolutely. I have typed several SJ's at least where I study and they are more than eager to learn about their types. While they see it as accurate for them,...
entj, intj (male) enfp (female)
18/19
NJs, ISxPs
Hmm socionics not involved but we all belong to different quadrants. Me (eldest) : ENTP Sister (middle) : ENTJ Brothers (twins) : ISTP, ISTJ So basically all four of us share some functions, or...
ESFP The ESFPs I know could never tolerate me, and neither could I tolerate them. We pretty much disregard what each other has to say. This is in no way stereotyping and I am always open to meeting...
Sincere compliments? All types can do it. While ExFJs are more natural, xNTJ when sincere sounds the most convincing. (I find compliments from my xNTJ friends who rarely compliment others extremely...
IxTP
I am an ENTP female and two of my closest friends are INTJ and ENTJ. I am currently not in a relationship, but I have been romantically involved with an INFP and INFJ before.  So, I'd really think...
I have an INTJ close friend and from what he says, his parents have always been supportive of him. I recalled him telling me that at least one of his parents is an N. His family is kinda well-off...
ENTP  I learn best when discussing with a medium sized group (3-5 persons) and explaining concepts to them. For me, studying alone is extremely draining and does not get me far.
I use :* or  but only to the select few people that also send those to me
Hi, I'm an ENTP 741. Welcome!
This Japanese dish called omurice, which is rice under a fluffy omelette. Topped with chopped salmon. Mmmmm
I can see both ISTJ and ISTP for Cassian Andor (I love him!) though, since he is not as reckless as other ISTPs in my opinion. While Si-Te seems much more likely, (he seems more planned and thorough...
Talk to them first. Show them what you are passionate about and if it resonates with them, be prepared to hear them bombard you nonstop with words. I've met an INFJ with ~similar~ interests to me,...
MBTI itself. My friend and I (both ENTPs) had a lot of fun discussing this, while ESTP friends were meh about this. INFJ friend who did not know about MBTI before also seemed to be interested too....
ENTP here. Top 10 Musicians/Bands  1. Aerosmith  (2-10 in no particular order) 2. All That Remains 3. Asking Alexandria 4. Halsey 5. Miss May I
For me it's ENTP(INFP)
Engineering - ENTP, Though I'd see myself studying something else at any day.
ISFP! The ISFPs IRL are nice people I get along with quite well, though never close. You are the few S types that don't see me as overly weird or impractical, which is nice.
I'm an ENTP. Mistaken as any other NP types.
Here goes...  Basic Questions: 1) Age or Age Range?     20. 2) City, Country and/or Region?     Asia. 3) Tell us something about your social life?     Mostly talkative and outgoing. 4)...
I'm an ENTP who has this weird tendency to relate to INFPs. Can anyone relate?
ENTP.  Most attracted to ENFJ, ENTJ, INFP.  Least attracted to ISFJ, ESTJ, ESFJ.
Do you find yourself typing everyone? Yes, I do. Mostly by what temperament they are first, and later their dominant and maybe auxiliary functions. It's actually interesting the way we are able to...
ENFJ friend - One of the top students in aerospace engineering. A few INFPs and an ENFP in computer engineering too.
INFP friend of mine whom I used to date can last for weeks without going out, but needs to talk to people after a few days.
Fuck yeah! It's expressive.
Me (ENTP) - moderate left INTJ friend - moderate right ENTJ friend - moderate left ENTJ sibling - moderate left INTP friend - far left another INTP friend - independent
Based on two ENTJs I know, a male and a female.  The male ENTJ gets along with basically anyone, from xSFPs, to xNTPs. He is kinda blunt, and sometimes snobbish, and therefore some Fi types does...
ENTJ friend of mines got a lot of xSFP friends. I don't even know how he did that, and those xSFP seemed to enjoy his company too.  I find that surprising, because I'm an ENTP and I even find him...
F and T, as an ENTP. Sometimes I get mistaken as an ENFP because of how I outwardly express myself, but deep down I know I'm an Ti-Fe user. My Fe love of humanity sometimes gets mistaken as Fi, but I...
At least three males I know are INFJs. Haven't met a female one though, the closest I came to is an ISFJ who's marginal on N/S, but ultimately, an Si-dom function-wise.
Why not?
Preference. Preference. Preference. Our preference in taking in information, and our preference in processing them.
I'm an ENTP 7w6-4w5-1w9 sx/sp.  My sister's an ENFJ 8w7 so/sx. (Odd combination, but that is what it is.)  My brothers are a little too young to be typed, but one of them must be a one, while the...
First test I did I got ISTP. That didn't sound so me for some parts, so I decided to do more quizzes, and get various ST results. I even try to screw my own results because I wanted to be more...
Would like to live in world which is like a crossover between 1950x1980x2200. The future would be pleasant to live in, with all the advancements in medicine and technology, but the world would not be...
Hello, female ENTP here.
Kitty23  For some reason, I didn't get any notifications. :sad: Thank you for this very insightful reply. Much appreciated. :laughing:  Hmm, at first instinct, I would absorb their raw feelings,...
Hmmmm, I don't think that's what ENTPs do. That's a little too long. Maybe if we do, our minds are not on what we are (or seem to be) looking at, though. Just blankly thinking about some ideas and..."


5260: 'AND in the language area of my brain. It seems like every other day someone gets angry at me for forgetting something, for misunderstanding under pressure, for needing something repeated, for making...
I removed the post
no only horse can be beautiful
Hey Stelliferous, could you answer some questions I think might be helpful in determined your type? If it's between INTJ and INTP it might be pretty easy. ...
I could definitely see him donning some leopard print and shaking them balls for some cash in his ass crack
Hey guys, here's my ad:
Bruh have you seen Magic Mike?   I haven't but I presume there's some guidance there and some money to be made. If you don't think you're hot enough, I doubt that's the case. Women are into the...
Same, I can rely on seeing a satisfying amount of snark and rational, insightful rhetoric in response to the 5-10 adamant sexists here and it's like she expresses my anger for me so I can remain...
Hey Shahada please don't get banned. Thank you
Do you take euros? Cause your fucking name is offending me m8  Whoever got this moved to spam world is a little pussy
Hahahhaha 10 points for IDontThinkSo <3
I actually find the threads really funny in themselves, but sometimes I'm just like...how can they go on and on like this? I remember when PerC rants were just like ESTJs are the reason I'm...
I'm not bitching about topics on feminism, I'm literally just having fun on a thread I made a year ago that someone reopened. I don't see how you could interpret the way you did.   Stop being a son...
I didn't reopen this thread. It's not even a serious thread. It's fun to make fun of things, even things you believe in -- try it some time and you might learn to lighten up.
We're fucking an INFJ, doesn't matter what we look like. Just don't touch me with your witchy nails and fungus infested asshole.
You literally saw me link this thread on that thread where i was bitching about the same things going on a year later. Someone clearly opened this thread and posted in it again from that link. What...
An INFJ called Clumsy, how fucking original.   It's like you wandered into a room that says We love gangbanging INFJs without reading the sign. I'm just sad my buddy ENTPs couldn't fuck you like...
Omg   Everyone who posted on this thread is a feminist. Inside Job cries with us when we read Adrienne Rich together.      I'd let him cut me up like a butterfly
.
I want to be everyone's bestie, it's a disease and it's extremely uncontagious.   I don't live in the US so the alt-right may look really different. I don't condone their views, I just kind of live...
Well....actually, that's not quite the case.   Sorry guys...
Yeah I find this to be so true.   A lot of my friends are being bitten by the alt-right bug, but even if I don't agree with them and they keep treating me with respect, I'm not going to just drop...
S l e e p
http://49.media.tumblr.com/6e52a55e8983b6e0e4498767ae570957/tumblr_mqmt6gSsrM1sucaibo1_500.gif
https://i.giphy.com/JiwWOL34oURnq.webp
Everyone in this thread is a fucking retard cuck and probably into the same sex and obese. Here's a pictures I found to express it how i feel about all'yall'selves ...
Fucking everyone lol.   Fe doms (ENFJs and ESFJs) if they're not playful and don't have time for people like me. I'm at that stage of my life where I'm developing my Extroverted Feeling worldview...
Quick, someone post a selfie
dude, OP is talking about being suicidal, not the time lol.    @Avocado please talk to a professional and hang in there until you've found something that helps. It may take a while but it's better...
I could see definitely see ISFP for him too, actually. INFPs and ISFPs are so similar and we really don't know enough about the character to say either way. Him being more grounded according to you...
Agreed. And we're damn sexy too
OP identifies as pansexual.   Whereas Caveman Dreams is a pretty open dude who has gang bangs with several other men and one woman because group sex is common among the Homo Erectus so he's not...
1. where's your argument bro?  2. Feeler DOES NOT MEAN FEELINGS   3. Sensor DOES NOT MEAN FUCKING ACTION ORIENTATED  edit: just realised you only got 13 posts sorry for shouting love you xo
I could see INFP, too. But INFPs tend to be overly cautious and careful, especially when someone's already hurt them because of stronger Si.   But definitely little experience with Te can turn into...
Title: Why are femislist feminstlsit hahahahahah
Hannah Baker - Very, very obvious ENFP  Why the fuck are we assuming Hannah's a sensor because she was naive at times? Are ENFPs the pinnacle of wisdom and genius? Wtf man....Hannah is a teenager....
The Night's Queen   4w5 9w1 6w7  These are all my own images from my instagram so this shouldn't be too hard   I FUCKING LOVE COLOURS  http://i.imgur.com/kUZ0MlZ.jpg
*removed*
I actually love INFPs don't mind me from a few days ago
nah I have healthy self esteem which allows me to not take it personally if someone fucks up on me. Cause people fuck up and disappoint and it can ruin your life sometimes or be a minor...
cuz OP is a cuck
.....breh
Put The Lime In The Coconut   Put the lime in the coconut and drink it all up You put the lime in the coconut and drink it all up You put the lime in the coconut and drink it all up You put...
This just in:  Phlegminists are stealing our phlegm  Please report to daddy for some vaccinations, mucus, and a little cummie too  
The belief in the soul, which has a huge implication of the afterlife. Generally to be spiritual means you believe there's more to our existence than the physical.   I'd show them this video so...
https://youtu.be/Zdcth9NndEA
I'll definitely be joining. Fucking love me some Gatsby.
No.   Source: Am a ghost
http://2static.fjcdn.com/pictures/Thanks+for+not+aborting+me_dd4b29_5664793.jpg
These are taken on the same camera (the only thing that's changed is that somebody finally wiped my fucking face -- hopefully the next one I take another 20 years from now won't be cropped this...'"


5279: '...when everyone misinterprets your fidgeting behavior for panic and anxiety, when you just have loads of energy and excitement.
I like a lot of random songs I find in anime, but there are some bands, artists I like regardless, like Kalafina, UVERworld, Rookiez is punk'd, the GazettE, SID... Utada Hikaru, Gackt, Kokia and then...
Kramer vs Kramer on TV.
One of my best friends is an ENTJ. He appears to be laid back and cool, but if you get to know him better, you'll see how he strives to be perfect in everything he does, not in an abstract...
What I usually do is that when I'm thinking of something intensely it eventually passes into my subconscious part too. If I'm really serious about it and I am sure why and how much I want it then it...
I would say INTP. First because I couldn't fully relate with what you wrote there and then because from your description the guy comes out more like an introvert. You said that He needs to fully...
I play the synth since I was 5.. took lessons for it too till I was 16. I have done all music lessons, Theory of Music, History of Music, etc etc that were obligatory in my Municipal Conservatory....
So.. we managed to turn a what you hate about... thread into a self adoration one. So ENTPish! :tongue:
Shit, that got me even three days after. :P At least I'm glad it's just a joke. You got me worrying there for a sec. haha  An April Fool's joke I made on an anime site really backfired and now I'm...
I am very meticulous too, but mostly when it comes to some serious writing, like writing a review about something, or sending a serious letter somewhere etc. When chatting I don't pay that much...
lol ok, thanks, but I know how 'just' is used in that case! I've used it in that sort of way lots of times. :P I can see your sentences are more.. um legit, if that's the correct word, but I still...
Thanks for answering this fast. To be honest, I can't see how the first phrase is wrong.. maybe it's not so nicely phrased, but otherwise isn't it OK? I know about the third one.. as you said this...
Roughly checking now I noticed one, but yes you're true about me typing fast! Since I take pride in my pretty good English knowledge and use of it, can you please tell me about those mistakes? I'm...
I really am clumsy when it comes to getting more personal, that's why I mentioned the 'uncomfortable' thing. I get irritated by that too, we get it a lot as well from other people. But as I said, I'm...
Thank you so much for answering and I'm happy to hear how you view my fellow ENTPs. Truth is although you are a mystery as I wrote before, I can feel that I, and ENTPs in general I guess, can decode...
surely an xxFx type! I do get a lot of complains from F types that I hurt their feelings... it isn't intentional for me either, I so hear you right now.
To me you are shrouded in mystery. You are one of the most interesting types to be around, but you seem to keep a LOT to yourselves. How can someone know or at least suspect what you think about...
This is so true!! We usually learn the hard way, and that can hurt a lot! T.T I've felt bad or embarrassed so many times, although I knew that what I was doing wasn't exactly right. Yet we always...
I like doing all sort of new things.. so it always depends on what I'm interested at that moment. At this period of my life I especially like going to the mall with friends to check out all the techy...
LOL ok I'm sorry.. :P I guess that it's normal for each type to take pride in who they are. In all honesty, I do like my type, but then again we all have flaws. I do admire most of you xxTJs because...
I know what I do to my mom all the time that is an ENFJ.. and I think it might work with other ENFJs too. I try to appeal to her J side first by saying how important it is for something to be done...
taking a break from procrastinating.. :P nah actually today I did some more work for my uni project, I'm proud of myself! ^.^
Being an ENTP I would say that the way we perceive friendship is maybe different than the other types, especially those that have Feelings as a first or second trait. I like being with my friends but...
I wanted to have a tattoo, I think I would get one with a Kanji or sth. But then again I'm thinking that this is gonna be something permanent, and I don't like the sound of that word.. T.T
off topic, but love your avatar!!! I'm a Sebastian fan!!!! And I couldn't help but notice L_Lawliet thanking your post and me automatically thinking of some  Seby+L  BL..That was epic! Oh my pervy...
I'm choosing none of the above and I will explain why briefly.  My personal ethic tells me that rules are rules and should be followed, so normally I would have to answer that corruption should be...
me googling: ENTP is the best personality type and do you like ENTPs which resulted in finding your thread.. now guess if I like my type or not! :tongue:
Yes, I do catch your meaning!! :P Nice example btw! lol I do agree with you, but sometimes if the other person has been really really nasty towards me I prefer just erasing them from my life and not...
The good thing about both ENTPs and ENFPs I think is that they can do that, they can stay friends, because we both don't know how to hold a grudge against someone. Plus they are both more laid back...
They were kind of overprotective but at the same time very lenient and understanding. I did feel pressured sometimes, but I think that it didn't affect me that much mostly because of the way I am...
sometimes I just get carried away and talk and talk and then often I say stuff that come into my head without thinking. I don't like to lie, those stuff are true, but I might sound blunt sometimes....
My personal ethic is very important to me and I admit that how you describe your ENTP friend is the way I am. I've spent some more time searching about Fe, Fi, etc, and I'm sure that I'm an ENTP now....
mm, I will read this thread later and reply with something, but for now I'm running late for my lesson.. again.  Where you saying something about time?...:angry:!@$#@R%@
where's the Byzantine or Greek one?? grr i'm not pleased!! ^.^
I'm so utterly confused at the moment... T.T I know my F and T sometimes are close in tests, and now reading this thread I find so many things that I can relate to. But then again, I can relate with...
Your Type is  ISTJ IntrovertedSensingThinkingJudging Strength of the preferences % 22621222  mm I'm an ENTP but my T and F are always SO close in tests, although my T has always been...
I'm so glad I could help you!! I'm trying to be honest when speaking up my mind, because I know I want that from other people too. I'm sick and tired of those people in my life that when you ask...
I didn't see if another ENTP had already answered, but as a fellow ENTP I decided to put my two cents. I said 'fellow ENTP' because although I'm not an expert of MBTI I believe you're just a...
I love kids, seeing them saying or doing stuff their own way puts a smile on my face. Babies are also very cute and adorable. My older cousin's wife gave birth last year and also one of my good...
You know you're an ENTP when you've fallen behind in your class because of wrong time management and procrastination (AGAIN!), and you feel so bad about it, cause you let down your teacher, and know...
I don't have a 'best' friend. I did in high school, but now I enjoy being with different friends or group of friends each time, which if you ask me, I see them all equally. Maybe I'll see things...
LOL typical ENTP! :tongue: I hadn't logged in for some months now too, and had forgotten my password, but thankfully it was saved by firefox.. so I found it. Anywayz, welcome!!! :kitteh:
I love being an ENTP!!! Sometimes, though, it has caused me major problems.. especially with time! :( I can never be on time somewhere.. lately I'm working so hard on that, mostly cause I don't want...
too much blah blah but i see a lot of people voting in the poll... irony? LOL
THE most important (at least for me): Don't be a f***ing leech!!!! whether it's my friends, significant other, family or even my pets! LOL
HA! now we come again to my words about abbreviations!! you all came attacking me when I first mentioned it, but something tells me i was pretty much right about certain things! :tongue:...
You know you're an ENTP when you know you can organise every single thought in your head about any matter, but you can't get to tidy up your desk! T.T
I hate it when they are pseudo culture lovers.. if you know what I mean. and generally i hate whatever fake that tries to pursade it's not...
it's ok. i just don't like one word replies that don't explain anything.. now it's much better! lol  I use abbreviations to save lots of time. I don't like killing the  language if you ask me, but...
LOL whatever dude, calm down! Who are you, word police? If something doesn't fit you it's OK, it might fit SOME ENTPs, cause ENTPs tend to be bored of wasting energy on things they can save time on. ...'"


5289: 'http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmZexg8sxyk
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ua3k8vnCflQ
brutha u cray cray
Facetiousness aside, though, I'm not sure why this topic is blowing up.
You're a dickhead. :tongue:
I personally think INFJ, IEI and beta ideals just fit him too well.  (Will add more to this later)
The OP's fiance actually came in here.   http://cdn04.cdnwp.thefrisky.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/25/330x182px-LL-7dc6c095_micheal-jackson-eating-popcorn-theater-gif.gif   I want to see more...
http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/005/954/wtf_is_this_shit2_RE_73_Million_Sharks_Killed_Every_Year-s468x349-71815.jpg  I'm going to have to ask for your reasoning, there.
https://images.encyclopediadramatica.se/b/b4/Autistic_karate.jpg  Via ED.  Watch yo' shit.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcxKIJTb3Hg   Taming the Agressive Rabbit  http://florida4h.org/projects/rabbits/Graphics/Activity5_Temperment_clip_image002.jpg     It had to be done.
If you feel like that, you might want to look into this rather than enneagram type 5, Bohemia    Subtypes | Enneagram Worldwide
https://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/600661_10201103867629609_1363655238_n.jpg   Kind of like jizz.
:laughing: Snark aside, oi. I'm still trying to work out this Fe thing.   :tongue:
ENFPs have to be religious now? What makes you say that ENFPs are inclined to be optimistic about God, or that they need God to be optimistic?   Monsieur Dini, get yo' ass in here.
Ah no, don't worry about it. I didn't take it personally if that's what it seemed like. I'm just telling everyone to be careful with their sources, because there's a lot of bad information around. I...
:laughing: It does. It really does.  Actually, with that 7.5, I'm just going to add a Queen JimmyRustler award simply because if this is trolling, this is just class.
Guys. Enough pinning OP on another type. And please, don't good misinterpret sources. Be very prudent with what you have. Really, much of these things have started with observations and then blown...
https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/6402352384/h4A85B883/    Welcome. :wink:
My confession is that I only came here to be entertained by the drama some pages back and to say hi to my bro, JaySH.   (also hi INFPs)
This is talking about SEI, Sensing Ethical Intratim, which is Si (Sensing Intratim) dominant Fe-aux users. If you want something on MBTI's ISFPs, look at Ethical Sensing Intratims (ISFj,...
Being the shadow of the ESFJ, I myself butt heads with them frequently (unless the functions in the lower stack are well-developed on one or both of our parts, hence transcending the ego, but this...
You missed my point. That (opposites attract) may or may not be true, depending on individual circumstances. It's not that clear-cut and you cannot have a formula for romance. Also, certain quotes...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eyr1T0hSxHo  Take a look at the comments here.
Romantic theory isn't evidence for typing and is irrelevant to types and cartoons. The ENTP infatuation with the INFJ is not proof that attraction works that way. It does not mean that Arnold is an...
That's a very poor argument for Helga being an INTP. That does not indicate N (in this case, Ne) usage, at all, actually. Pi (Si or Ni) are both generally considered very instinctual. Remember,...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvdf5n-zI14   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QY_Gc1bF8ds  http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/lifestyle/2012/12/22/end-world-didnt-happen-but-new-era-for-mayans-did/...
Navi   I realized that I left caps lock on so I had to go back and backspace -AVI and rewrite it. All with my nose.
I'm a 5w6, 8w7, 2w1.   I'll add my thoughts on this.
* 5-8-2, upon better inspection (and a healthy state).   That being said, I'm curious as to what you are researching.
I've been thinking about this and to an extent, I can relate to all three of this.    Probably relating to the first one the most.    Circumstantially (i.e, in unhealthy states), some of the...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix7vrluEm4E  Welcome to PerC, @Radiance12.
Congratulations, Einsteinette.  http://i48.tinypic.com/rj30o2.jpg
The only thing I can say to this thread is.  http://www.meh.ro/original/2009_12/meh.ro563.jpg
Dear God.       Well, a final congratulations to you and your robot-hood, @J Squirrel.
Your score: 17 0 - 32 = low (most people with Asperger Syndrome or high-functioning autism score about 20) 33 - 52 = average (most women score about 47 and most men score about 42) 53 - 63 is...
It's about time! Congratulations, @Hunny Bunny.   http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-SkNY6O4_VUI/Tg6I6VeGR3I/AAAAAAAACCM/LvTR4VCC2hM/s1600/frw.gif    http://i48.tinypic.com/rj30o2.jpg
>phrenology   http://perfectlycursedlife.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/biden-shaking-head.gif  The reasoning (if there is any) tends to be absurd when justifying phrenology. If it's going by...
http://i.imgur.com/BImhX.png
Hahaha, this reminds me of something I did with @Hussein Muhammed; what each type's role would be in a Zombie Apocalypse.    I call Think Tank.  :laughing: That does seem accurate, though.  Same...
Beautiful pluralization. Just, beautiful.
It's about time!  http://i96.photobucket.com/albums/l200/bookworm_r/Humor%20Pics/afedcc1.gif  http://now-here-this.timeout.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Fireworks.gif  ...
Oh god oh god.  Why did I read this book.    Seriously, fuck this shit.    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umDr0mPuyQc
Hm, for the record, the passage isn't that concrete and doesn't cover much about the Ti-Si loop. While the general underlying principle is fairly accurate (as cue5c has showed to me before), the...
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lhpvuodsEF1qf0nz5o1_400.png
The idea of Kurt Cobain being an INTP is completely absurd.  He was very much a Fi-dominant. He doesn't even seem T-ish as others have suggested.     Kurt Cobain Quotes - BrainyQuote  Kurt...
Welcome to PerC, Ne-dominant. :cool:
I used to pronounce it like you do. :tongue: Now I just say it like Jennywocky.  I was inclined to pronounce it like that because I speak a few languages (mainly Indo-European) natively. It felt...
I don't think you understand, mom.  OP's a herp.
To let everyone know how many facepalms she deserves.   Which is all of them.
Wow.  I'm not an INFP, nor male, and all I can say is....  http://i.imgur.com/RNKyC.jpg'"


5298: 'One of my best friends is an INFJ...probably the only INFJ I know outside of cyberspace. When we're together, we tend to feed off of each other and act as mutual bad (good?) influences. Her husband...
Wow! Awesome. Perfect...funny how many call MBTI pseudoscience, and yet, this rant...far more accurate then, say, big bang cosmology.
I have excellent coordination and balance, and I'm generally athletic (when I'm focused)...I kayak, ski, skate, and climb (as well as many other similar activities) very well. If I'm not paying...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=N9V9wlfIUMo
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=zpgECAmFtTQ
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=U9XmVmlpARE
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9spezXhJuU&feature=player_detailpage
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGn6VxvaVQU&feature=player_detailpage
Agnostic (I don't completely believe in anything at all)/atheist (I'm pretty sure that the universe has been/is being self-generated--no deity or any outside thing or force involved)/pantheist (the...
My username is the Phoenician (later Hebrew) word for serpent (it could also mean brazen--sometimes also translated as shimmering enchanter)...pronounced na-hash (roughly) and spelled...
I listen to pretty-much everything, aside from most popular music that you can hear on the radio. According to Last.fm (although not complete since most of what I listen to isn't scrobbled) I listen...
Thank-you everyone for all of your responses/advice, my lower-cost functions all fail me when I'm wading through the sea of her emotions, so it's difficult for me to comprehend such an onslaught. I...
There is generally always something she is not telling me. She despises lying, but she (self-admittedly) has no problem with withholding information. She tends to be extremely passive-aggressive and...
So, I came across this article today at Guest article: caring for your ENTP* pleasebeniceto.me *. I'm sure some of you have read it, hell, one of you may have written it. Anyway, I thought it was...
I have an enormous collection of music (80,000+ songs, of every imaginable genre, on my hard drive right now; hundreds of CDs and hundreds of albums on vinyl) and I quite sure no one likes all of it....
I've always considered myself to be chaotic neutral. I took a bunch of online tests, they all said chaotic neutral, so...chaotic neutral it is.
Narcissism   55%  60%    Unconventionality   94%  64%
I have a great sense of direction, in that I can find my way back to where I came from (eventually) without having to ask for directions from others. However, I tend to be easily distracted and...
I daydream quite a bit. Sometimes I do it during conversations (if the other person is talking for more than 10 seconds straight) or while I'm reading (I'll sometimes read 2 or 3 pages before I...
Ne, to me, is much like Malkovich describes. I don't feel as if I'm originating ideas, rather I see them. I often refer to it as channeling, since it often completely bypasses my thoughts, and simply...
I wear pj pants, a tee-shirt and my bathrobe at home during the colder months (a friend of mine had a pajama party themed birthday party last month where I wore the same outfit--40 or so people all...
7w8(sw8w9): It's all good... 8w7(sw9w8): What I want I get...see how easy that is? 4w5(sw3w4): I take pride in staying true to myself no matter how many simple-minded people see my style as weird.
Explain God in five words!?
My favorite book is The Cosmic Trigger: The Final Secret Of The Illuminati, by my favorite author:  Robert Anton Wilson. He also wrote my favorite fiction, The Illuminatus! Trilogy, with Robert Shea.
Actually, I'm the ass-hole...you can't see that end, though.
Me and a buddy at the fair last summer. http://personalitycafe.com/members/nchsh-albums-me-picture59995-washcofair-090.jpg
Slightly narcissistic, but more in the sense that I revel in my own awesomeness, and want to utilize my awesomeness to spread awesomeness to others, and the world at large (altruistic...
Hmm, well, I'm a bit more cautious in general (that was 17 years ago--college spring break)...I'm sure my Se function has developed a bit more since that time--maybe I'm a bit more attentive, rather...
I've loved fires and explosions for as long as I can remember. I actually had originally majored in chemistry in college because of exothermic reactions. When I was a kid, I would fill my G.I. Joe...
Favorite Artists (some):  Shpongle Beats Antique Coil  !DelaDap Mahala Ra Banda Mochipet [dunkelbunt] Maduro
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=hXTA0C9arQ4
I DJ and compose/produce electronic music. I've been playing guitar for 24 years, bass for about 18, and African an Middle Eastern drums for about 10 years, or so. I also play a little didgeridoo and...
!DelaDap - I Know What You Want
I retested at various places, and I think my initial results were not correct. My current results have consitantly been 7w8 sx/sp/so (no change), 8w7, 5w4 - tritype is 7-8-4, which seems to be very...
I just started to upload some artwork to my profile page. Right now, I have a folder called dreamtime. It's an installation I did with several of my friends. One friend had been constructing Native...
I am an artist, went to art school and everything. I value uniqueness, provocativeness, asthetics, and technique (to an extent). I try to invoke feeling, not so much emotions, more like insanity. I...
My girlfriend's an unstable ENFJ, so I can't disagree. We're kind of like that couple from House On Haunted Hill, continuous murder plots and such.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-If2r9ENQfA&feature=player_detailpage
I have 4 cats, no dogs. I would get a husky or malamute, if I had more space.
ENTP - Q from Star Trek
I have 4 cats. My black cat, Evil, is an INTJ. She surly and antisocial and tends to spend most of her time alone, probably plotting against the other cats. She can be a sweetheart, to me, but...
:kitteh:Hello all (and a very special hello to YOU, horny robot)!  As is my habit, I barged in here a few days ago and responded to a bunch of threads, but never actually introduced myself. I also...
green
My girlfriend's an ENFJ. A few other close friends are ENTP, ENFP, ENFJ, ISFJ, INTP & ESFP.
chicken, hummus, falafel, tzatziki, couscous, bacon jerky & peanut butter cups
Illuminatus! Trilogy by Robert Shea & Robert Anton Wilson, Gravity's Rainbow by Thomas Pynchon, Temporary Autonomous Zone by Hakim Bey
I seriously doubt that I could last longer than a weekend in a long-distance relationship.
I generally dress like a comic book character, not always with a cape and tights, but generally the same basic outfit, depending on the weather and where I'm going. I usually always wear black (I...
I generally make a habit of quite often telling people how awesome I am, usually in jest. But deep down, I'm not really joking. But just below that, I'm just making fun of myself and really don't...
7w8, 3w2, 8w7 sx/sp'"


5304: 'As an ENTP, I can't stand to spend the time to deeply master any one thing.  Some recent interview experiences make me feel like this is a flaw.   I was thinking about the phrase Jack of all trades,...
I'm starting to look for a possible career change and I was wondering:  What's the ideal job description for an ENTP?
Hi, I am a clueless ENTP who needs a little help figuring out a simple thing to do for valentine's day that would feel appreciated by my ISFJ wife.   Ideas?  PLEASE?
Here are some starters: 1)      Hey, want to go learn how to ____?  (You can put almost anything in the blank x96 we love to learn how to do new things, especially with others.  The best activities...
EXCELLENT question!  I actually love to make plans, but I rarely follow them.   I think I like planning because    it allows me to create mentally before I jump into a project.   I love, LOVE to do...
I love being showered with information, but I can't stand the news because i think it is overly-emotional and dis-informative.  I've been actively avoiding all news sources since the election and I...
When you feel lonely because you can't find anyone to debate an idea with you.
I used to test as an ENFP for many years.  I realized that because of religion and other cultural pressure, I would often answer in a way that I thought I should answer, which yielded a Feeling...
Thanks for all the replies so far. It's amazing all the ups and downs I've been feeling, and it's nice to know I'm not alone and good to get a sense that it takes a while.  I've been working on his...
My dad died this week.  Nobody this close to me has passed away before.  I don't know what to expect.  I don't understand what is going on in my mind.   My brain feels paralyzed.  I code for a living...
Your situation sounds pretty hard!   I won't pretend that I know what you should do, but I understand a little of what you are feeling.  Here are some things to think about:  You've mentioned...
I highlighted all the red flags.  Nobody is perfect, but every human being deserves to be with a person who doesn't need to change or fix their partner.  Nothing is wrong with you.
Today is my last day on the job before starting a crazy new job in a few days!   I'm a brewing pot of giddiness/nostalgia/hope/anticipation.
Looking for a new year's practice that's fun to hold on to and gives you real results?   A few years ago I learned about the New Year's Vision, a creative alternative to the dreaded resolution.  With...
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for this extensive and detailed post!   I took lots of notes and I've already started to use this advice and it's working!   Last night my wife was up very late making...
This made me laugh!  Thank you for the advice and example!
HAHAHA!  This is such a classic ISFJ response!  I shouldn't have to tell you my feelings- Figure it out yourself!   Yes, I'm a smart guy and I should be able to figure it out, but here I am 20...
Thanks for your answers, they are much appreciated!    She gives a few reasons:  Family is more important, and often her friends don't seem to understand the challenges of raising kids.    Making...
Hi,  I'm anENFP married to an ISFJ.  We've been married a long time and we are prettyhappy, but I'm always looking for ways to be a better husband, and frankly,even after 20 years my wife still...
Hi,  I'm an ENFP married to an ISFJ.  We've been married a long time and we are pretty happy, but I'm always looking for ways to be a better husband, and frankly, even after 20 years my wife still...
I have my ISFJ wife proofread my emails.     The other thing I try to do, and this is really hard, is that if I feel really excited about an idea, I make myself sleep on it.     If I'm at a...
I am an ENFP married to an ISFJ.  I confess that I had to learn to like many of my wife's attributes.   I have been often confused by her strong reactions to my flighty and off-the-cuff ways.   BUT, ...
I like your wording better.   It's about touching base, not about getting the other person to agree with me.    If you want a flavor for how the voice stuff works, try searching for ASMR on...
I'm curious to know if ENFP's have a predominant love language.   In case you don't know about love languages, a love language is the way that a person naturally likes to have love communicated to...
I wrote this recently for a friend and thought I would share it:  Care and feeding of your ENFP who also has a love language of physical touch:  E    They want and crave company.  They need...
Ix92m an ENFP male married to an INFJ female.   We are happily married after 15 years.  I found this thread while searching for advice on ENFP/INFJ relationships looking for ideas to make it even...'"


5306: 'Thank you for sharing your experience. I relate in the sense that I have attended church and interpreted the Bible not so literally, but had the desire to educate myself and believe that using it...
I like your blatant misrepresentation of what I said. I'm not going to waste my time with you anymore.
I apologize for my brevity but I actually see your point with the first thing. And I want to clarify that my belief is a loose one, and I don't preach it as definitely true. I do think it's possible...
You're an ironically angry Christian, has anyone ever told you that? Or are you only playing some sort of hothead character because you think it makes you look tough? Ah, so, because an atheist does...
It seems as though you're unintentionally implying that because it is not known, it can not possibly be know, which is of course irrational. That, or you believe that you already have knowledge of...
This may be a bit unrelated but as much as I disagree I find this kind of cynicism attractive. My girlfriend is also markedly cynical in this aspect. I believe that people can believe in God for...
It seems you're avoiding the actual question. All I asked was why you thought life would be meaningless without a God, or as you say, under an atheist paradigm. But you continuously fall back on...
Although I am not an encyclopedia, I had assumed you'd know or be clever enough to look up what satanism is. Satanists worship themselves, in short. It seemed a lot more likely to be the intention of...
Aww, it's sad to see a wilted, cynical ENTP. So, if I am understanding correctly, you seem to believe that people are completely self-interested. Overall, I actually agree. However, it still fails to...
Can you please explain for me why morality can't exist if God doesn't exist? Why does the nonexistence of a God necessitate that love isn't real, and what is it about chemical stuff in the brain...
Let's clarify what a straw man is. In attempt to defeat an opponent's argument, one will create a representation of the argument which is not accurate to the intentions of the arguer being...
Satanism sure is sexy, but don't you care in the event that there is an actual God (creator of the universe)?
Hi, OP is back. I just saw your post after reading the chain of new ones preceding it, and if you look at my most recent responses, you'll see that I answered your question recently, in response to...
A question can not be valid or invalid, as they do not have truth values. It is only statements which attempt to answer questions which can be either, so your nice little rant was a waste of time.
So do you mean to tell me that we can not be sure that 2+2=4 due to a lack of absolute knowledge of all things?
Fallacy of equivocation. The way in which you use God here is different from the way in which I intended. Allow me to clarify: A creator of the universe.
What is it that leads you to be so sure you can't know? Curious on your thought process.
I'm sure there's some degree of merit to NLP, but your repeated displays of spite towards anyone who disagrees are not helping you convince anyone of that!
While I agree with the second premise of NLP:   ,  the conclusion that true knowledge/certainty about objective reality can't be attained, I believe, is false. It's pretty hard to argue that...
To add onto this, my speech professor said to us that all communication is persuasion.
Written by Chris Langan who allegedly has one of the highest I.Q.'s ever recorded and claims to have never met anyone he thought was smarter than him, he summarized in an interview by saying that we...
There's not enough information out there to be able to accurately assess her MBTI without knowing her personally.
Def. like the Japanese standards for men. Guys look best with long hair and girls with short hair! <3
Can you please post the recipe you used? :D That looks splendid!
I'm an ENTP and it's completely accurate except I'm probably more like 40% sexual and 40% lovable, 20% romantic. But the capacity for sexuality, romance, and lovability (which I assume is raw...
Hello, my dear, intelligent glimmer of self-awareness amongst a sea of misguided fools with tragically stifled potential. You sound very much like my younger self, so I like you.  Here's my...
I agree, truth is definitely by definition not relative. I said most! I think some of the people who voted truth actually tend to be more relative, but of the people who voted relative they're...
Of course most people will vote truth- no one wants to admit that their personal beliefs may not align with reality!
I'm an ENTP who is predominantly read-write/visual, but I'm auditory when it comes to reading complex essays, (it helps to hear or say it aloud,) and I'm visual & kinesthetic when I'm learning to do...
Childish is exactly right. There is no excuse for allowing one's self to get mad over a differing opinion. Anger is a petty emotion, and I think we are capable of controlling not only how we respond...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4KLi-vkOPs
: ) Lol! Sorry, I'm monogamous! :P
lol why would I delete my account just because someone challenges me? Anyone is free to be wrong, but it's not going to bother me! Besides, what would be the point of discussions if people ALWAYS...
Careful, you might be sounding a little too typist for their liking. Also, out there- just taken. By a girl. lol.
You're welcome to argue with yourself if you'd like, though. That goes for anyone else who got offended.
Or maybe people just shouldn't be triggered by different opinions. We have control of our actions. I'm tired of this discussion, though.
Ah, well. It's a good thing that I have yet to meet such people, if they do exist. Yet something tells me you assumed I made those broad assumptions despite that I said nothing of the sort. Oh well.
I realized that high-functioning cognition=intelligence, but refrained from saying it lest I be berated more for being pretentious. Ahh I see what you meant, thanks for clarifying.
Ohh you meant generalizations about each type, such as the one I made regarding depth of thought, correct?
I actually agree with you and thank you for providing this insight. I only said it in one post but I actually apologized for my initial wording at one point in how I used the term shallow, but it was...
Most people don't like to consider the possibility that they might be wrong. That's why they stay wrong, more often than not. I am not afraid of being wrong, because I know that I can never be right...
You're right that a lot of premises are missing. That's because they're implied. How does value imply meaning? The answer is tautological: it's in the definition of value.
If people have intrinsic value, then at least one thing in this universe has meaning. In order for something to have meaning, it's true that it has to be assigned by an outside entity. So, the only...
I was actually thinking about this last night- perfection can't be possible for a lot of reasons, but I found it funny how I find the idea of a perfect world boring- which creates a contradiction...
Me too.
tbh it would be quite ironic, wouldn't it?
I really don't have anything to concede on. I think every that can be said has been.
Concede that I am a typist, meaning I apparently think some types are superior to others? If I agreed with all of you on that, I would be lying. And even if I did, you will still all remain...
I'm actually terrible at genetics because the detailed part of genetics, or chemistry, just bore me to no end. I get your point of view but you're really not listening to what I've said in total. You...
Every S-type I have known, when I would talk to them about certain topics, it was like hitting a wall after a certain point b/c the type of thinking I was doing just didn't interest them. On the flip...'"


5310: 'Well put.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPJUwdlHBVc  I almost killed this kid snowboarding one time.
I can't help that Im Autistic.  Wait...  No.   Artistic. That one.
If you have a wife, you cant train with us. We find that you care more for your team-members when you're intimate with them. #nohetero  She works at American Apparel; so she is entitled to a...
My best friend and my girlfriend are both Fi users (ESFP, ENFP respectively). I dont seem to have an issue with either of them. My friend needs to get roped in every once and awhile when hes getting...
Coach - Prosessional - Role Model...?  My athletes think Im an asshole. They're right.  My boss thinks Im opiniated. He's right.  My girlfriend thinks Im a narcissist. Shes probably right.  I...
At points I do definitely talk above people because of my choice of vocabulary, but rarely is it for the sake of feeling above or smarter then another person. Its often more because its the right...
When instead of giving someone the rise they are trying to get out of you, you play it cool headed just to watch them get more and more heated.... then witness them implode in public.
Possibly going to Denver end of July, if not a long weekend in Napa in August.   Then just before the long winter rolls in and I have to spend my time on a ski hill, going to Hawaii in October.  ...
Ive shit out bacteria smarter then you.
There's a chance I could succeed.  But the odds say Im doing something stupid.  Oh well, lets go ahead anyways.
http://img.tapatalk.com/d/14/05/13/uhabadyz.jpg  Asia asia.
Gender: Male Hair Color: Dirty Blonde Hair Style: Dat Trendy Hurrcut, aka the Macklemore Eye Shape: eye-ish shaped? Almond. Eye Color: hazel Glasses: nope Personal Style/Manner of Dress:...
I can relate a lot to these points (also a 5w6), although a lot of the negative sides seem to be more tied to a lack of confidence then anything else. You could very well be an ENTP, especially with...
I was gonna do it... seriously.  I found a tree, shit was it ever a good one too.   I reached above my head to begin my ascent into the wonders of all the PERC thanks I could imagine.  Then I...
Dildo Baggins.  Dick For. This has a secondary insult for the inevitable moment when they ask, Whats a dick for?.... exactly.  Shit lips.  Dick Tickler.
My understanding of the use of 5-HTP was more tied to Vitamin D then..... uhhh borderline personality disorders and depression.   The 5HTP is working to boost your Serotonin and make you feel...
I dont think manipulator is the right word.... lobbyist maybe?  On purpose do we manipulate people to get what we want? Sometimes. I think more often then not we are working to simply adjust...
Dear INFJ,  I am not here to make you feel good about yourself. We have things to accomplish and unfortunately your feelings are irrelevant until you have results to show for your work.   Dear...
Maybe its just that I havent met enough of them... or I have been watching too much Supernatural lately but Sam Winchester.  Dat brooding.   All the feels.
Definitely Ti... but at my best I use both, using my Ne to at least be hospitable and Ti to get shit done.
Generally its not loss, or someone dying. Movies and TV shows though... thats a totally different story.   Im not sure what it is, but maybe because it really forces my Ti to work, but its the only...
Ha ha ha, no luckily Im out west. We have actual mountains, as opposed to the ski hills they have out east.  Most of what I do enjoy about surfing is the warmth... and as far as Im aware surfing...
I have met a few, and we get a long reasonably; but from a romantic standpoint there is no way we would be compatible. One of my really good friends is an ESFP and his girlfriend is an ISFJ. In a lot...
Personally Im a snowboarder, but thats more geographical then by choice. Personally I'd prefer surfing... Im not a fan of winter, at all. I unfortunately have only had the opportunity to try surfing...
The big thing that you have to remember is that we as NT's learn things different from S's because we seek the idea as opposed to the application.  The way school is taught is to benefit S's,...
I only speak in two ways, condescending or sarcastic.  Im opinionated, and will always tell it the way it is.  You will end up laughing at things that cross every line.
Longest friend - ESFP. He frustrates me but is a riot.  One of my athletes who I can tell we will stay friends -ENTJ Little brother -ESTP. We didnt get along when he was younger but we are gettimg...
Dat frank and oak.  I have been picking up shirts from them for the past month or two and their stuff is pretty interesting. Really cool fabrics and details and much cheaper then places like jcrew...
Theres a reason for this!!  We like to argue because we have already come to a conclusion. If someone has a different conclusion then us, we automatic ally assume that, that person knows something...
In no way shape or form was I giving medical advice, I was implying that the weather is causing off days and that I have combatted this with some supplementation.  Are you aware of how much vitamin...
In which case Im going to touch on some specific points.   The issue it seems youre having with high school is that you do not currently see the value in it academically? And yes to many of us this...
Lazy rational justification. The bane of ENTP's.   Learn to challenge yourself and prove others wrong. Constantly having the frame of mind that the grass is always greener will become very...
A big part of it is how our traits manifest themselves. INTP's have a functional stack as Ti, Ne, Si, Fe; where as ENTP's are Ne, Ti, Fe, Si. They use their Fe last, yes it can develop earlier, but...
I make initial judgements about people and the way they act or present themselves. But that is a simple initial observation more then anything. I leave it up to them to change that judgement; if they...
Number 1, do you live in a northern climate that gets winter?   I have been having a lot of off-days lately with this extremely shitty winter we have been having in Canada and decided to do some...
I have met a couple female ENTP's and they may be some of the most intriguing women I have ever met. One of them I have actually known for years but never really thought of her as being an ENTP until...
This makes me really want to meet an INTP.... just to try and figure them out. What is making them tick.... why so trivial!!!??!?! I think that reaction would really frustrate me. Indifference is...
The documentary Senna is really good, its about Ayrton Senna who was the last person to die in Formula 1. The lore surrounding him as a driver and his talent was immense.   Blackfish is getting a...
As a technical engineer I deal with much the same issue and I have found that I need someone working with me through it. I am constantly making tiny mistakes on my drawings, things that I dont see as...
Yes.... this.
Warmth 2.2  Warmth is how nice to people you are.  Reasoning 3.7 Reasoning is how good at abstract thinking you are.  Emotional stability 3.4 Emotional stability is how in control of...
If I'm drinking, the chances of keeping me involved in the group is slim. I like to wander around and observe people. More often then not I will bump into randoms I have met else where, strike up...
1. Yes, because it allows me to improvise to my greatest strengths... being a performer.   2. Rarely unless its important that I do well. Otherwise I just wing it, and that frustrated people to the...
My go to weakness, I reflect the expectations of myself on others.... in translation: Im awesome.... and everyone else should try to be as awesome as me.
When everything that comes out of your mouth at least has a pinch of sarcasm attached to it.
Agreed. Systems are required to make things work but they need constant refinement due to the pace that our society is constantly changing, ESPECIALLY in your line of work. I'd almost say that a lot...
And there in lies the fundemental issue. The people that are put in management style positions, seek power. They are often J's as we both know, and J's work to control the world to suit their...
And a lot of people dont like it because we are taking away their control; their power, something that doesnt interest ENTP's. We just want to solve problems and move on.
Rarely do I have an equal in conversation at least in terms of how quickly I can jump from subject os subject, or if I want to use a lot of word play; you do have to remember though thats something...'"


5312: 'I find a lack of self awareness is a common denominator among very intelligent people.
Let me take you out. I'll run my fingers through your hair, make you shiver with desire by lightly touching you. Then you can show me just how big you really are (:
Cute little INTP, oh how I wish for you to fall under my spell. I usually get what I want, can you say the same, hm?
Well, you happen to be right about that. You take me up on it or not? My Swedish charm is not to be messed with after all~
You won't think the same way after I'm done with you~ :kitteh:
I'm fucking in.   Watch out cute little INTP's <3
ENTP 20/80   On board the autism train.
I would advise you to look at the cognitive functions instead. This is an easy way to get mistyped, especially if you base it on a stereotype and see it as a character, a type you look up to. I got...
My bet is INTP. However, haven't seen too much of him.
EXFP  Lip from Shameless   https://31.media.tumblr.com/a97f5ed3bc7b447cfee8193a547cbdc7/tumblr_njn3upCTqv1u8o8qyo1_500.gif  Red from Orange Is the New Black ...
Username - Felt like being edgy  Avatar - Like the artist
I like people, but do need a lot of alone time. I don't mind being alone for a few days, occupied with a current obsession. If I have an idea or something I'm interested in, I put that in front of...
Maybe I've been mistyped until now then, since I never really related too much to how anal ENTJs could be with structure. I feel like I fall somewhere in-between, but perhaps I'm more of an ENTP than...
The thing is, I do enjoy leading. Most of the time I consider myself better than the group leader and want to take their place. I am however not keen on organizing things, I find it to be a chore. I...
I'm confused.  I tried doing this myself to contribute, but I couldn't stay interested in more than 3 sentences. I'm also not the best at typing others. I'm curious on how I come off to others in my...
I've been mistaken for an ENTP a lot of the time, for my laid back behavior and humor. I smile a lot and act friendly. However, I can come off as arrogant or too blunt for some. You can obviously see...
Alright. Let's go for Nefarious.
Can I change my name to Fxxk? Stands for fork of course.
Thank you. I see way too many do this. We are humans, not robots.
This is me (ENTJ) with my best friend (INTP).   https://66.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lrqszwxs251r104x4o1_400.gif  https://67.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lrqszwxs251r104x4o2_400.gif
So since Fuck wasn't allowed...   How about Ah F*ck?
Infp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfIjIVLmhAI
Indeed. I was the one who told him about it and he took the test but showed no further interest in it.   I dream big and I'm ambitious. He likes the comfortable in life and things I see as rational...
Most of our arguments happen because of his lack of support. He is downright pessimistic a lot of the time and it's not the best feeling when you expect support from him (Which I give very much of)....
My sister is an ESFP and I mainly keep things on a more shallow level and stay out of arguments. She tells me to talk to her about anything, but more often than not takes it very harshly and gets...
How are you with opening up? What does it take and how do you express it?
ENFP.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfIjIVLmhAI
I don't walk around with my head up my ass. Many NT's do this and should frankly get out more. I've seen far too many with their deep quotes and pseudo-intellectual bullshit whining about how the...
Sounds like it's time to drop him. ENTJ or not, he's a pure, selfish asshole. He has no reason to treat you like this, no matter his reasons.   Shitty human, don't waste any more time on him. There...
A certain someone.
I'm an ENTJ and have my eyes set on an ISTJ male. We're both very interested in each other and communicate fairly well. However, I have noticed a few issues between us. We often butt heads, he can...
Intp
Well excuse me jumping in here, but I think it's a common misconception. There are just a lot of edgy INTJs trying to be all cool, complex and too intelligent for anyone to ever understand them. ...
I don't see how that should play a part in a simple welcome. An unnecessary comment in this case.
Welcome! :)
Hey, welcome :)
Welcome! :)
Welcome! Enjoy your stay, fellow ENTJ here :)
Hit me up if you feel like talking when you've reached your post count! :)
Hello! Welcome :)
Welcome! Hope you enjoy your stay :)
Hello, welcome! :)
Hello! Welcome to the forums, fellow ENTJ here :)
Welcome to the forums, fellow ENTJ here :) Just shoot me a PM if you feel like having a chat.
Hello! Welcome to the forums :)
Verkar anala med den hr inlggsgrejen, kan inte ens svara p ditt PM :( Svarar s snart jag kan!
Lite s. Eller s r jag bara flytande i svenska ;) Mste ha minst 15 inlgg verkar det som.
Kunde inte undg det rda huset, knde igen det som Svensk ;) Gyllene chans fr skmtet, klandrar dig inte. Frskte skicka ett PM utan framgng.
Lately I've been in this constant pit of irritation. I yearn for social interaction, but I can't meet someone worthwhile. I can of course spend time with the good friends I do have, but I want that...'"


5323: 'I'd act the same. A no and a friendzone are not a big deal. >hen you love yourslef, you are not quite affected by this. The point is this guy is crying like if every women on this world would...
Hi thank you for your answer :)   I think you are right for the diffence ENTJ/INTJ.  I can relate at many levels to your husband. I think it's easier for me to socialize, because of education...
I understand. Thank you for your answer. I think I was pretty sure to have found the good one when I ve found my loved one. It was a strong gut feeling. It is rare enough to worth holding and I was...
It's unfair for every woman. You are toy for THIS women only. It's enough, I agree, but it is not representative of EVERY FUCKING WOMEN is this world. Stop crying, consider yourself with love and...
Dabbling : I'l living in a 8 mode but 8 desintagrate in 5, and thhis was what i described :)   And to topic we reffered was this :  ...
birdsintrees : Thank you this, it is really helpfull. I will think about open a thread on the ennagramm section too :) So, an INTJ with an 8 sight would be more active and talkative than the average...
Thanks. I'm not familiar with big forums, I always think that everyone would follow their previous participating threads.   I would like to add something. Lorde when you say :     Do you say...
Thank you Lorde for your answer, it really helped me to clear my mind :) I need to think about it. Before my husband and my child, life was... pretty tricky in fact. I will observe my everyday...
Hi, thank you for your answer.  I already take a look at the ENTJ and I d'on't think it's my type. I'm quite sure to be P-dom, and Te dom types have a perticular dynamic that does'nt fit to me. ...
Thank you for your help. Especialy for reading my previous posts!   Can I add something into it?   When you say :     When I posted this, I was pregnant. Right now, I try to keep my house...
Hi there,   I'm woman with a strong 8w9 Sx-so side. I think my enneagramm is right, but I doubt about my MBTI type. So I need your testemonials and your point of view to help me to fix my type. I...
Maybe some times we just emphasis some part of us to stick with the type's canon. Maybe because we have something to prouve. Some of people has something to prouve to their ego, so they choose a...
Please, answer to Sve and I before posting yours ^^
I was posting when you posted.
1 - Sensory with describing facts, but it's the first thing that you tell. You are joking about your sensory -> Maybe Ti-Se  2 - Global event, with a moral approach, followed by a logical point come...
I don't know my types but I am an artist and I make class for some youngsters of mine who loves to learn.  The problem you described makes me think about this one : sometimes, our brain is blocked.....
Infj
IxFP I think ^^
And I forget to answer this! Sorry! I really enjoy deep sounds, with light melodies, it pushes me on a particular state of mind. In fact, I use music to give me emotions and feelings to make my art. ...
Enneagram is a kind of answer we made in our live to feel better. It's not a systemic thing, it's an adaptation. So, we can have an type-2 answer at a time, a type-4 at an other, but we all have some...
Okay, I admit it, I'm French. I tell french words when I'm speaking english, and english words when I'm speaking french, I'm tired of myself xD So, and you?   You can be ENFP in fact, yes, but you...
You needed time to ask me in fact, but you did, nice move! ;p Ne sucker was just sounding good. Classy and shiny tittle, like a poney made of platinium, a burrito made of real tomatoes. Or anything...
I know that. You make me think about someone I really cherish, and I think you are more likely to be ENTP. I push you forward to see if my insight is credible too. So, here we are.     That's it...
Okay, just because you are a Ne sucker, I let you win this imaginery point, I have to encourage good will. ;) (      Thank you very much! I'll bring Cognac here one day. And Grand Marnier. And...
Thank you very much for your answers!   So the points you all of you agree is : I'm NF and intuition dom.   For Kira (thank you for your big analysis!) : Ne and Fi are more likely, you can see Te...
All of this is gonna to turn so badly xD The only one to be fangirled by me is my son. I have no love for anybody else, just pity maybe...? Hey, it's the darkside here, after all.
Yeah in fact, Martin Luther King was really prone to shut up his own morals and ethic to keep some social harmony and he is typed ENFJ *irony inside*. Fe dom and aux could be soooo hard when a...
Don't daydreaming boy, I'm not a fangirl xD I was just looking why you was arguing so hard in favor in Fi. I think it's because you really like to be recognized.   So :   First of all, I don't...
Vodka only! What a pity. I prefer whisky much more. Have you got one or two bottles in your dark star, it's for a friend?  Welcome by the way, you know how to attract attention.
Nobody to help me? Is it missing some information, or something? I'm sorry, I would really like to read what you are thinking about my answer ^^
OK guys and what about an INTP Lisa?   As you said, Stevester, she struggles for popularity. As Mister Free beer says (yeah, I've read your introduction text, little Ne sucker ;) and I'm waiting...
In fact, I'm new here but I know MBTI (as far as I can I guess, I'm not an expert) that's why I was wondering. It's a strange idea for me to take someone's profil and tell him hum, you're this type...
I have read this thread and... How can you affirm that someone is typing on the right way with so little informations? Seems like a game, but you all seem to take it very seriously, I don't...
Hi everyone :)  Like a lot of people, I'd like to ask you some help to type myself.  I would like tio share with you a part of my presentation text :   I'm a woman - medical fact - and an...
Thank you :)      Done! ;)  You're right, we look like each other, especialy the place we come from ;) I could answer you very soon!
Flourine's avatar... In my view, ISFJ.
I have to give a try to Penny Dreadful. I've heard a lot about it. Lately, I watched Battlestar Galactica. Not bad at all, the battle are very good but characters are too archetypals for me.
Hey thank you for your message ^^  Which part(s) talk to you especialy? Do you think it is thanks to your MBTI type, or juste because we could have same personnality attributs independantly to our...
Hi everyone,   I'm a woman - medical fact - and an artist. I paint, I draw, and I'd like to live thanks to my art. I'm very imaginative and have a quirky sense of humor sometimes. I have learnt to...'"


5334: 'The types during an awkward situation  INTJ https://media.giphy.com/media/14dXclYKbx2ONW/giphy.gif  ENFP https://media.giphy.com/media/unFLKoAV3TkXe/giphy.gif  ESFP...
That's pretty cool actually, it said I got ISFP by a landslide lol that answered my question. thanks so much!
Thank you guys for helping me so far! Right now I'm really leaning towards INFP or ISFP :)
what kind of letter tests are you referring to? (sorry if that sounds really dumb)   and no I haven't considered INFP before which has really interested me. I'm not sure if I am one tho
Adaptable Modest Empathetic Observant Sensitive Co-operative Creative Spontaneous Inquisitive (I'm very much this) Harmonious
Understanding Harmonious Deep Spontaneous Creative co-operative Sensitive caring observant Adaptable
At first I thought I was an isfp for a really long time but then when I studied infj's persoallity type, I then thought I was an infj but now I have no idea :( They seem so similar! They are both...
.
xNFx  https://media.giphy.com/media/SDogLD4FOZMM8/giphy.gif  ExTx http://media1.giphy.com/media/JhncGNdBoyeKk/giphy.gif
This helped a lot, thank you!
I'm very intrigued by ENTJs and how they work. I'm charmed by how they're such leaders and take charge when they need to. I'm even more curious on how an ISFP and ENTJ would get along since they are...
The types around their crush  INTJ https://media.giphy.com/media/w9uHH28q0KC8E/giphy.gif  ESTJ https://media.giphy.com/media/3o72F00ZGstpOHfjFe/giphy.gif  ESFJ...
ENFJ https://media.giphy.com/media/w5P3HFtj6oUWk/giphy.gif  INFJ - INTJ  https://media.giphy.com/media/5wWf7GW1AzV6pF3MaVW/giphy.gif  ISFJ https://media.giphy.com/media/V0F9D9PAdHVss/giphy.gif...
Types arguing with each other   ESFP vs ISTP https://media.giphy.com/media/JPWiAylEJpIt2/giphy.gif  INFP vs ESTJ https://media.giphy.com/media/GrtXNoLoW9Ily/source.gif  ESFJ vs ISTJ...
My best friend is an ESFJ and he's the sweetest guy I've ever met :) the thing is I'm just a VERY independent person and he always acts like a parent so he tries to do everything for me which makes...
Yeah I have a similar question, what do you think about ISFPs? like friendships, marriage ect how do you get along with them?
I've always been attracted to ESTPs :/ I think my best guy friend is one and we don't like each other in that way but I've always liked their guts and personality. They have always been chill yet fun...
I'm happy that you've able to get along with them but I've just had bad luck. I've always had a weird way of seeing thing in life and had weird ideas so XXTJ always shut me down. I've never met one...
Yeah, it's odd because when he's talking to me and the other family we're paying attention to him he suddenly comes off with ok, nobody's listening to me I'll go now and we all freak out cause it's...
I know this sounds weird but I'll ask anyway. Do ENTJ usually manipulate people for attention? I love my ENTJ dad so much but he's always making some sort of drama just so I'll give him attention....
I've been curious about how ISFPs would get along with each type in a relationship and I was most curious about this pairing! My sister's best friend is an ISFJ so I know from experience that y'all...
Clark Kent  I couldn't have described this pairing any better! I was thinking a lot about it and this is exactly what I was thinking!    I really enjoyed this answer so thank you for sharing :)
ESFJ https://media.giphy.com/media/11twPu0H8AOKk0/giphy.gif  ISFP https://media.giphy.com/media/My0SqOcOFUY24/giphy.gif  ESTJ vs ISTP https://media.giphy.com/media/OVJ5v2Wh4BR72/giphy.gif ...
I have a lot of introverted friends and in my experience I get one to talk by either introduce myself and talk about whatever to make them feel comfortable, or I walk up to them and try to make them...
Yeah I agree, Fi can make us bitchy at times lol but my ENTJ dad taught me to just get over it, grow up and not be so sensitive all the time it's really made me a better person so I feel like I'm...
I never thought of it that way! thank you this helps me a lot!
oops, oh well https://media.giphy.com/media/QQZgTehcKrD2w/giphy.gif
https://media.giphy.com/media/gXhBZfzijya76/giphy.gif   Lol but seriously, my INTJ best friend does this face when someone is annoying them so I know what I'm doing.
When annoyed (again, bear with me lol)  ESFP https://media.giphy.com/media/ypHVUhC2UmqoU/giphy.gif  ESFJ https://media.giphy.com/media/l41YktuUJjzzOshri/giphy.gif  ISFP...
Hence why I put in quotation marks :rolleyes: of course real marriage isn't some amazing fantasy (some have described it as hell) I really believe marriage is working together and trying your best...
That's true, we are able to sense if someone is bad news or not. The frustrating thing is that when I have feelings for someone, it clouds my sensing and I end up with idiots. For some reason I...
I've been thinking about this a lot and I'm curious if sensor types can just KNOW if someone is the one! Of course it would be easy for intuitive types but is it possible for sensors? or do we sadly...
ESTJ  https://media.giphy.com/media/147sb4uGnUfQ2c/giphy.gif https://media.giphy.com/media/57DX612XYgQKI/giphy.gif <- I just had to put this guy back on here lol...
This is cool! I took it a couple times and I kept getting ESI, LIE and SEI :)
LibertyPrime  Hmm interesting but I'm going to respectfully disagree with you on that one.  INTP - Ti-Ne-Si-Fe   Ti- I agree with that   Ne - I'm actually very Ni. I found this article and...
Most likely relative     Yes all the time    I'm very stubborn but at times I will compromise to not have any conflict/drama
INTP https://media.giphy.com/media/5xaOcLKNbrFEiNQrss0/giphy.gif  INFJ https://media.giphy.com/media/EbJjZIbIaSdUc/giphy.gif  INFP https://media.giphy.com/media/RfTSr9wvIRSH6/giphy.gif  ISFJ
apa  The fact that you think we actually act like that is either lack of knowledge, experience or intellect :P who knows probably all three but all in all, I'm honored that us ISFP can annoying the...
This has really helped me :) thanks guys!
I was very curious about this topic because I'm pretty interested in ENTPs. They seem witty, quick humored, smart, and fun (pretty much like me)  I wanted to know what you guys thought about ISFPs?...
I swear I'm obsessed with this thread, it's so much fun :tongue:  ENTJ/ESTJ  https://media.giphy.com/media/b6iVj3IM54Abm/giphy.gif  ISTP...
When I really think about it, even though I might have ISTP tendencies, at the end of the day I'm pretty confident that I'm an ISFP :)
Haha thank you!   Sure thing! here are the ones from the last page and this page. Are you able to see it?  https://media.giphy.com/media/1489FmSqOdae8o/giphy.gif...
How the types dance  ENFP https://media.giphy.com/media/vLtxIwE5B8iyc/giphy.gif  INFJ https://media.giphy.com/media/GA2dwDU7owOS4/giphy.gif  INTJ...
pwowq That helped me a lot! They both seemed the same but now I'm confident that I'm definitely Fi! Thank you :proud:
ISFP   https://media.giphy.com/media/VHxPDKeO7nu6s/giphy.gif  https://media.giphy.com/media/MWZizAA2JNQBO/giphy.gif  https://media.giphy.com/media/OD8RTgJtAJ7Xy/giphy.gif ...
pwowq  jade09 Yeah I agree a lot with Acadia  before I answer a question I think before I say anything cause I want to make sure that what I said was the right thing for the question. And I tent to...
Acadia  Very interesting! That's hard for me to choose because I act like both inferiors. Inferior Fe I think for me was pretty spot on, i always have to prove myself and I can be impatient. At the...
Yeah I do this a lot    yeah, but doesn't everyone do this?
it would scare me a little bit    Yes, it's really important to me that I try to stay close with my friends and loved ones      Yes, if I'm absolutely sure that it wont work out than I can...'"


5344: 'I didn't see this thread in the ENTP forum for some reason, but I'm here now.  First of all, I wouldn't listen to half of the INTPs in this thread. I have read every response in this thread and I...
MBTI Type- ENTp  Enneagram/Socionics/other (optional)- 9w8, ILE, Aquarius, (archetypes) The Magician-The Martyr-The Scholar, (character alignment) Chaotic Good.  Gender you identify with most-...
141, the last time I checked two years ago.
Best: INFJ, ENFP, INFP, ISFJ, INTJ, ESTP Worst: ISTJ, ISTP, ESFJ (I have fucking hated every single one of the ones I've met, and it sucks bc they are one of the most common types), ESTJ, ISFP, ENTJ.
I'm an ENTP... So I wrote up this itinerary for our road trip...
I'm not really sure honestly. My mother is an ISTJ, but in the early years of development she worked multiple jobs & always left me with my paternal grandparents. So much so I would spend weeks...
Basically anywhere that has a small concentration of people. Not a big group or crowd,  but wherever there's a small group of people honestly. That's really vague but it's probably a good solid...
There's like no test out there that tells you your tritype! I'm pretty sure my actual enneagram is a 5w6, but its always fluctuating between that, 7w8, or 9w8. But I'm just going to say its 5w6. But...
I know this is for TV show ENTPS but most have been mentioned already so have my favorite movie ones...  Mark Watney (The Martian) &  Tony Stark (Ironman)
I know I'm not an ENFP but I was for a good many years during middle school and early high school years. My mother is an ISTJ we rarely get along, and she is the fucking queen of harassing and...
I was an ENFP for a good part of middle school and early high school years, then one summer before the beginning of my junior year I went through a lot of self reflection, and had a lot of epiphanies...
Who do you guys think is the fictional character poster child of the ENTP type?  I'd say Jack Sparrow.  And  Who do you guys think is the real life ENTP poster child?  I have no clue on this...
My morality is purely circumstantial, I might think in one situation murder is bad, but in another situation murdering would be whats right. My morals aren't black and white, because literally...
As a Ne-Dom myself, I am biased when I say it's one of the best functions. But it can most definitely be one of the absolute worst.  Like someone already mentioned in this threads, Ne can actually...
Honestly I have never related to another ENTP so much before, I totally feel you on the whole Ne up the wazoo and the high-stress induced Fi. I haven't met many other ENTP's who are closer to the...
I'm an ENTP and I relate the most to Clarke and Bellamy in The 100, Niklaus Mikaelson in the Vampire Diaries, Murphy in Interstellar, Jack Sparrow in POTC.
You know you're an ENTP when you start reading a new book, and within three days you've also started reading like 5 very different totally unrelated other books. For example, you end up reading The...
Who could've imagined killing another human being would feel so...natural. Or was that even the right word? If it was truly natural, then she reasoned, she wouldn't be feeling the first pangs of...'"


5359: 'Slightly unhealthy 3w2>7w8>8w7 So/Sp imo.
Average to unhealthy.And of course,there are unhealthy versions of every type and subtype.
And reactive and hot-headed.A 9 fix will only resist the social display of anger,they are of course angry at home.Sx 4s are not good at all to live with as a partner.They are  Needy Dramatic A...
4)279 is triple positive,that doesn't mean they always have to smile or be friendly.They just fundamentally accepts what has gone wrong,hence positive. 5)I am hyper-competent,exacting,nerd and...
I will say mostly on tritype,enneatypes are done many times before. 1)In enneagram,aggressive means action-oriented.So shake off the notion that 378 is the most aggressive,bulldozing,street-thug...
She strikes me as a social 3w2 with 8 or 1w2 fix.3w2>8w9>6w7 So/Sp imo.
WELCOME!I don't dislike ISTPs,cuz they are good companions to hang around.Stay happy here!
Hello,Daniel!Welcome to PerC.Hope you will enjoy here.
Swordsman of Mana,I read that thread before and immediately changed the thought that my mom is a 2. And I still think w3 fixers are more overtly aggressive than core 3 fixers.Will you point out why...
Wait a bit,2 is an id type?You are starting revolution man,you will be washed away :wink: However,2w3 and 4w3 fixers are more overtly competetive and aggressive than 3 fixers,imo. And.....
Do you think Sp 7w6 is overall the most mentally nervous and cautious of 7s?They seem to fill the category of cautious hedonists lol. And how come Naranjo types Napoleon,Caesar & ATG as 2s?They...
Swordsman of Mana,I agree with all of your points,but not completely on Sx 7s. Sx 7s can come into many varieties like other 7s.And they are not the rosy,naive cuties as some descriptions...
Aurus In books,Holmes is aware of danger and he is cautious too.He carefully plans his way out of any situation.He is too suspicious to be 5w4.Again,attachment to art is not a 4/w4 thing solely.And...
Agreed.That's why BBC Sherlock is 7w6.I can see more Sp/So than Sx.Has a 8w7 fix.
5 is a fundamentally disconnected type,so how can a Sx 5 be more romantic than 4s?I think the naive,sensitive aspect of Sx 3,5 and 7 is a bit overused.Any type (except 9w1) with leading Sx instinct...
Sherlock as a 5w4?No way man,the Conan Doyle version is 5w6 So/Sp,with pretty strong 8w9 fix and high integration to 8 also. BBC one is 7w6 Sp/Sx maybe,with 8w7 fix.
I typed Shakespeare based on the biographies I read and the vibe I get from his writings.Are you referring to my typing?
8w7: Conquering energy,more outwardly energetic More ambitious and cerebral Likely to enjoy conflict more Offensive strategy,like to see where people stand More outwardly aggressive  8w9 is...
They are very different imo. CP 6: More reactive and badass-wannabe Anxious at a deeper level,can be panic-stricken easily Feels personally attacked easily Has a considerable amount of cerebral...
MBTI and Enneagram are two different systems.Each is based on different areas of personality.One can use both of them to cover up more traits for himself,but there is no correlation between the two...
Male ENTP,nice to meet you.Welcome to the forum!
Fenodyree  Welcome to the forum.Hope you will enjoy and learn many things from here.
First of all,welcome to the forum,Greg.Hope you'll enjoy here. I'm an ENTP,though never confused myself with ENFP (because my strong Ti and Fe do not let it occur).You have to look in the...
Welcome to the forum.Hope you will enjoy and learn many things from here.
This seems about right.3,6 and 9s are more complex and much more diverse than any other types.5 and 8s are the most monochromatic (don't differ much along with environment culture).1,2,4 and 7s are...
Triple butthurt?What is the meaning of butthurt?I've never seen this word.. What would you call 793 and 713 tritype in terms of triple?  I suppose there are more poets and musicians with 146...
Honestly,your old-school politeness soothes and inserts respect inside my mind.  Khomeini was a theoritical person,at least in his early days.Though his vibe seems more 1w2,I think 1w9sw2w1 can...
Some more: Jon Stewart:6w7>1w2>4w3 So/Sp Stephen Colbert:6w5>1w?>4w3 So/??  Peter Steele:6w5>4w5>1w9 ? Sp/Sx Justin Timberlake:6w7>4w3>1w? Sx/Sp Keira Knightley:6w7>maybe 4w3>1w? Sx/Sp.
Che Guevara:CP 6w7>1w2>4w3 Sx/So Ayatullah Khomeini:1w9>4w3>6w5 Sx/So Adolf Hitler:CP 6w5>1w2>4w3 Sx/So Joan of Arc:1w2>6w5>4w3 Sx/So Possibly William Shakespeare:4w5>6w5>1w9 Sp/Sx Edgar Allan...
Gandhi was not double reactive.2w1 and 5w6 fixed.Can be 4w5 fixed,but not 6 fixed.125 or 145 tritype.
Agreed.9 fixers can be angry especially if they have 4 or 6 as their core type.The least angry gut fix is relaxed 9w1,followed by 1w9.
Yes,you can be in between also.Enneagram is above all an individual system,behaviours might differ a lot in context with overall effects.But motivation will still be the same. PS:Your writing style...
To forget is human!Anyway,sorry for derailing thread,guys! Me:ENTP 7w6 7-1-2/3 Sx/Sp Mom:ESFJ 1w2 1-2-7/6 So/Sp Dad:INFP 4w5 4-9-6 Sx/Sp Younger bro:suffers from Autism :sad:
The title is self-explanatory.All SJs-go!
Fe is a judging function which relates to the outside world to take decisions properly.And enneatype 2 is situated in the heart triad whose motivation is to do jobs to gain love and affection. I...
Welcome to PerC!Hope you will have a good time here.
I am no camera-shy,unfortunately.. I am a Bangladeshi,100% Bengali ethnicity.And Bengali ethnicity is so mixed up that it would be impossible to calculate the overall percentage.
Seems like you are ENTP.But INTJ can work to a lesser degree.
Any INFJ 8 example come to your mind?And INTJ 2?Preferrably famous people..
Swordsman of Mana hates.. ExTPs 3w2,4,5,6w7,Soc 7 and 9s Occasionally 1w2 and 2w3 Loves: All Fi users [stereotyper SOM :angry:] 7w8 and 8s,preferrably Sp/Sx 3w4 and 1w9 (particularly unhealthy...
Some very rare combo I can think of: INTJ 2w3 Sx/So ESTP 1w9 Sp/So ESTP 4w5 Sp/Sx ESFP 5w? Sp/So INFJ 8w7 Sx/So ENTJ 9w1 Sx/Sp I can not think these combos are reality.
I think he was INTJ 8w7>3w2>7w8 Sx/So or So/Sp.
You can be.Not only Sx is reactive/explosive,every variant with any enneatype can be explosive when pushed back. PS:You are extremely reactive?If your 1w9 typing is confirmed,then I say you are...
Aurus Sx/So: Aggressive,instinctual presence Rough,unapologetic demeanor A good amount of gut energy.It will be reinforced if the person is core gut type (particularly 8/1) Most id-ish of all...
I use what I call Elimination Process. 1)Read the triads (mainly head,heart and gut) description.There are many differences between each triad.Select one which matches you best. 2)Read your...
I can't see different variant stacking working for different fixes.To me,only stacking of the core type matters,otherwise it creates so much fuss and room for mistyping.
PhantomCitadel I think his type is 7w8>3w2>8w7/9w8 Sx/So.
George W.Bush doesn't seem 9 to me at all.I think either CP 6w7 or 7w8 is a better fit for him.  Though I agree that type 3 is suited and common among politicians.3,6,9 and 8s are the most common.
I think,you are So/Sx.You are too much concerned with power structure and appreciation in social situation.Your secondary Sx is quite strong,so it might look like primary instinct.  Ever heard of...
Lakigigar My dad is an INFP 4w5 Sx/Sp and he is the same as you described yourself in the post.He is relaxed and shy away from social conversation.But unfortunately,he has very reactive and...'"


5368: 'Spot on.   I think our desire to hold the 'mask' up fades with time and gets replaced with the urgency of feeling accomplished. When you're young, you care more about impressing your peers, even at...
I second trolling, if you have to suffer the stupidity of another person, might as well get some fun out of it. However I live in NYC where people get aggressive for no reason so I tend to ignore in...
Long term, NFs with a preference for xNFJs as they round out my NTPness rather well. My current girlfriend is ENFJ with a weak E, which is pretty close to ideal. I wouldn't want to be with a strong...
Haha, this is def an ENTP thing. I avoid driving if I can, because I always picture that split second where I'm lost in thoughts and my car gets totaled. I think INTJ's are better at driving long...
All I know is, the race card has been completely overplayed in this case. The problem with media and social media is, everything gets distorted and sensationalized. Even if GZ was guilty of say,...
Yep. I'm also completely uninterested in the party scene, after doing plenty of that in college, especially since I have a girlfriend and my main motivation for going out was meeting girls ;) It...
I just turned 26 and I noticed that my social life is really not what it used to be. My closest friends are dispersed in different cities and I end up seeing them fairly rarely. Even amongst my...
It's really two extremes: - If I think the friendship/romance is worth salvaging, I'll usually take some time to collect my thoughts, write them out and confront that person about it.  - Otherwise,...
I've been working on a Healthcare analytics start-up with my INTJ friend for about a year now. We both used to work in Healthcare IT and got sick of our jobs and the day-to-day nonsense of corporate...
I've been working on a data analytics start-up with an INTJ friend for over a year now. It's been an amazing experience and the learning curve is like nothing you will find elsewhere. Will write a...
One of my good friends is an INTJ, and we get along really well. Any conversation flows seemlessly, and we often come to the same conclusions, albeit in different ways. One big thing is that I don't...
Thanks for your thoughtful response. What you said I something I've surmised intellectually, but have not had enough relationship experiences / passing of time to understand emotionally. I'm 25, so...
Hello crew,  Well, I've been busy working my ass off on my start-up and haven't been on here for a while! It's good to be back. Anyways, I wanted to get some perspective from those of you who have...
That's BS. I think INTP have plenty of qualities that set themselves apart: the ability to deconstruct complex systems and understand them, artistic and philosophical sensibility, writing...
Okay I'm gonna chime in here, on a little more serious note. I find the whole media/social media 'feel bad' campaign on the tragedy despicable. There's something about this public grievance...
Okay NTs, please tell me what you think of my theory.  Time flies, life is short. These maxims are in my mind figurative  ways of expressing the same and only cognitive phenomena: your ...
Thanks for sharing your impressions. Seems like we do have common aspirations.  Day  to day work really varies in a start-up. Some days I'm brainstorming  high level strategic decisions,...
After one and a half years in IT Consulting, dragging my feet to work every day and feeling depressed, I went into a start-up venture with my INTJ friend. I've been working on it full throttle for...
I'm working on a start-up which forces me to be fairly generalist since I have to handle Business Dev, Relations, Product Development and Software Architecture all at the same time. However...
Haha it seems so. I actually know one INFP who is not at all like that, but rather edgy, so I'll take it back ;)  Glad we agree on Louis CK though - def ESTP.
I have read C. Jung's essay on cognitive functions (albeit a couple years ago), so instead of making demeaning remarks, please enlighten me with your wisdom.   His inconspicuous demeanor has some...
What?! He has a very inappropriate sense of humor and definitely no clear set of 'values', which to me screams NOT INFP. All INFPs I know are respectful and have strong morals.   I woulda gone with...
Politicians are professional opportunists and sweet talkers. The US hasn't had a politician with real vision in a long time. The current level of political discourse is so pathetic, combined with the...
I had an INTJ friend who used to work with me at my previous job and we shared views on the stupidity and meaninglessness of the work and the people there. We both quit around May and decided to...
Cause we're all geeks... After inappropriate humor, this stuff is my favorite.  1) Absolutely hilarious Onion article from a few years ago already. There's definitely some truth to it - you lose...
The perceived greater intelligence of Introverts is only due to the fact that they are more likely to engage in solitary, intellectual activities and less likely to be sidetracked by their...
The issue of ENTP's being commitment-phobe and detached in a relationship is a classic.  I've been in relationship with an ENFJ for 2 and a half years - and I can tell you that even though it's...
Funny this thread was revived. Anyways, I'm currently working on a startup and very happy with my new lifestyle, as it provides me with constant change and new challenges.
So I'm sure you all know how badass of an ENTP Nikolai Tesla was.. Well The Oatmeal, an awesome online comedy blog (Comics, Quizzes, and Stories - The Oatmeal) is organizing a charity fundraiser to...
There are two ways of answering the question:  1) Deductive reasoning (aka flawed syllogism): Upbeat and careless people tend to be dumb, ENTPs tend to be upbeat and careless, thus ENTPs tend to be...
I LOVE Sim City. Could play that game for hours.  Frickin' APM. Interestingly, I find Zerg to be the most intuitive race. It's fairly streamlined in term of production and allows the most in-game...
Cheat sheets for developers: Cheat Sheet Roundup - Over 30 Cheatsheets for developers  Free programming books: http://www.e-booksdirectory.com/programming.php
Technically, high ice cream consumption would cause frequent brain freezes and may reduce effective IQ.   Definition of BRAIN FREEZE : a sudden shooting pain in the head caused by the refrigeration...
Agreed, in fact beyond a certain point the marginal return of extra APM is close to nil. However I would argue that NTs (from my experience and watching others play) rarely reach that critical level...
I agree with the planning vs. dynamic play difference.  Regarding Starcraft 2 I would actually say xNTP's have an advantage because no two games are ever the same and so even though planning and...
Since I'm a newly-minted entrepreneur, I'll share a couple more that I think are very informative:  - Lecture notes from Peter Thiel's (co-founer of PayPal) class on Entrepreneurship at Stanford....
Normal socialization and working prefrontal cortex means that you will have emotional responses to situations, no matter how much you dismiss your feelings or claim to be 'T'.  According to...
Interesting, that's also what I observed with my INTJ friend. Thanks!
How do you gauge people (I mean literally, the thought process)?
I am in a similar situation to devoid.  I have a great relationship with my xNFJ girlfriend, although it took a lot of work to get here. I am also very selective about the people I let into my life,...
I find a total lack of mental stimulation very hard to handle as well. I tend to fill my days with educational or thoughtful activities. However lack of activity does not equate lack of intellectual...
Oh man, milking breasts. Top 5 sexual fetishes.  I think ENTPs are famed procrastinators because we spend upwards of 50% of our time lost in erotic daydreaming.
I fear the nothingness of death, also the idea that I haven't realized my full potential on this planet/done all the things I wanted to do. There is something tragic and wasteful about spending all...
Haha, I am full of joie de vivre! You're right, I'm over it. I just needed to release my rant of neurotic thoughts.
So I'm turning 25 today, and I'm really looking forward to the day being over.    Why celebrate the day I was born according to an arbitrary construct of time?  I use to feel neutral about my...
Liberalist, academist and environmentalist. The three things most lacking in the world right now, especially the USA (and its conservative tide of nonsense).
I had the exact same problem in college with my engineering classes. With classes like E&M or Fluid Mechanics, I loved reading the theory from the book but we would whiz through the class so fast...
Tall and athletic here. I have a rather wide chest so it helps for weight lifting.
As much as I am concerned about the livelihood of my friends and family, I'm chiefly worried about my own death. Perhaps this is selfish, but at the end of the day the world only exists through our...
So I've been reading up on Entrepreneurial Business theory and I came across an interesting set of graphs which I believe illustrate the differences between cognitive functions well.  The basic...'"


5401: 'Try going without a hug for 10 months. :sad:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKFamUu6dGw  I think he's an ENTJ. thoughts
88 out of 100. ENTP.
Im kind of treated as the alien in the family. Sort of like where the hell did you come from. My cousin doesn't even understand how I can be the offspring of my parents, she thinks it's rather...
Mine Mother - ESFJ Father - ESTP Maternal Grandfather - ESTJ Maternal Grandmother - ESFJ  Uncle - ISFP Cousin - ESFP   I'm the only NT. :unsure: Anyone come from families similar to this?...
How about genetics, genotypes, haplogroups, etc. You can talk about the boring superficial tests to see if you're a bitter or non-bitter taster, to the question whether R1b was from the iberian...
Shit, you're from Lancashire. I'm originally from South Yorks. However nothing about me would make you think I'm from there. More people have guessed that I'm more Southampton. Some have asked if I'm...
Stephen Fry http://www.pasadenavilla.com/residential-treatment-center/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/Stephen-Fry.jpg  This guy is like the most identical in thinking processes.   Karl Popper...
I saw cave paintings of touch-screens. Do I win?
You know nothing annoys me more than the Greater than thou stance. I've used plenty of operating systems. Sabayon, Vista, XP, Mandriva, Mint. And you know I got Snow Leopard, because I was after an...
It must be a natural talent. I changed my thesis 3 times and the third time there was less than 12 hours before due date. Another I will mention is i once turned up to a tutorial without having read...
it's worth it.    I use to a lot, sadly the shop i go to no longer stocks Montegrappa, Caran d'ache, or Cartier cartridges anymore. The dupont are okay, and the Mont Blanc do not compare to...
It may be hard to believe but I do, kind of. This semester I've had four assignments. all of them i started writing 48 hours before they're due. and I've submitted them in like so.  Assignment 1: 2...
haha, I know right. If America is publicly allowed to waltz into Uganda to help free the people, then should they be allowed into the other screwed up nations of Africa too. Oh this one different...
I USE A FOUNTAIN PEN!!! :happy:  I have a Carran d'ache and a Graf v. Faber-Castell. I use Caran d'ache, mont blanc, Montegrappa or dupont ink only
http://i.imgur.com/rthVv.png    Yes, it must be they were terrorising Lincoln University earlier on.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zandec5fA4U
I like trains.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHkKJfcBXcw
Don't you hate it when you have a lecture, and it gets cancelled because the ceiling has fallen down. I suspect it's a conspiracy! I know the dinosaurs were involved, clearly that's the only thing...
Abrasive Intelligence  P. could show himself as abrasive or smooth, depending on whether he thought he was dealing with fools or articulate and intelligent people. He was very good with hardworking...
Does anyone have any interesting Allergies? I got something hereditary which makes life fun when I'm out getting something from a caf. I have a milk allergy. Yeah I know, right? I can not drink...
Welcome aboard. I'm usually anxious around Women of interests. Perhaps it's your enneagram? or a personality disorder I have not stubbled across upon.   Welcome
Mine is full of SJ's :sad:    yeah, everything was great in Primary, till secondary, then people started to change, generally for worse.
Likewise 99% of the time I feel out of the loop.
Seriously I visited LA and it is perhaps the worst place I've been to. San Francisco is okay.     London, anywhere else is bland.   In my opinion from my experience the best places I have...
There is an innate desire to have about 2 or 3 offspring in the future, the future being when one attains a stable career.
:sad: and I thought you were nice and friendly. Oh how times have changed since you drew monkeys in jetpacks.
why can't ENTP's be a Vermillion transcendental puffy cloud, with a phantasmagoric rainbow shooting out out, a russian unicorn with wings galloping over the rainbow towards a pot of golden pressed...
What's good if there's high inflation D: Okay, give me a few billions, and my own tiny landlocked tax haven european country, that's the size of a village, and We'll have a successful vibrant piano...
Well I suppose since childhood there's been an innate desire of the future no matter how much I admire the past, also I know I couldn't live any further back than say 1950's and if I had to go back...
I had hair on my forehead above my eyebrows that were visibly seen. so I shaved them off, but then i realised I missed some, and it kept growing back, and i kept shaving it. Shaving your forehead,...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjaZNYSt7o0
how does tritype work?
Wow what didn't I dream about last night  I dreamt that i was on a Boeing 777 the co-pilot and cabin had hypoxia, and so did everyone else, and I was the only one awake, I had my crush, but in the...
Dear OP,  I too have feelings, far too many feelings that it fills the pacific ocean, and would cause a tsunami and flood places like seattle, san francisco, Los Angeles(yay!), and Santa Clara...
I came in here thinking for some reason it'd be about Schrdinger's Cat. Sorry I have not seen it, and too tired to read an english article. I might have considered it if it was in french, upside...
oh noes!!! Send in amber lamps!!   hi how are you? do you need a doctor? what kind of doctor? Wait! I know a lobotomist? or perhaps a Ther-apist, ther-rappist, the-rapist, therapist?
I know I can be an ass from time to time, but I know some INTP's and INTJ's that can lead me to be agitated. They are a pain at times. Lacking emotion = no fun. I try not to play with INTP's their...
Are you into neoliberalism? because I think you might have a secret admirer on your hands if you're careful.
Here is The ENTP song  Enjoy :D
depends on your relationship with the person, if it is a person one is in love with, one will make intensive eye contact. though with a stranger I prefer looking at other objects.
Hi kayness, I hope you enjoy the forum :)
Wing 9w1 - 14.2 Wing 1w9 - 12.9 Wing 5w4 - 12.5 Wing 5w6 - 11.8 Wing 9w8 - 11.5 Wing 1w2 - 11.4 Wing 2w1 - 11.2 Wing 3w2 - 11 Wing 2w3 - 11 Wing 3w4 - 9.5
How about this one?    http://www.jobezark.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/Raptor.jpghttp://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/140/915/clever-girl_design.png  Why Am I suggesting this...
I can't decide if I'm INTP or ENTP, is it possible to be an ENTP turned into an INTP adult? I don't know D:
Interestingly enough a psychological study between primates, and human infants have shown that humans have an innate desire to copy, and learn from adults, even if it's obviously clear that the adult...
Yes, I agree with what you're saying, he's been left with a stigma, which from what I gather he would not appreciate in the slightest. I agree on what he was saying about social cohesion. My mother's...
drunk friend takes drunken photograph of me.   http://a1.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc7/406232_10150558949311101_548606100_10998909_939886339_n.jpg
Swordsman of Mana Thanks ^_^
any ideas?
I'm not sure if this is an ENTP thing, but when i was in 2nd and 3rd grade, me and a few friends imagined we could enter the internet, and interact with the internet in person, and we of course had...'"


5408: My room is immaculate.  ...because I'm in a hotel room on holiday right now. :tongue:  The one at home is definitely 'interesting'. It looks like bombs went off in my wardrobe and bookshelf,...
*waves*  Same situation here (plus Enneagram 5).  I don't think I'm a true ambivert (debate about whether true ambiversion is possible or not aside) as I do seem to lean towards ENTP, but how...
I've noticed quite a lot of people saying they don't like politics or business...huh, I actually find them really interesting. I like the concepts and seeing the links with other subjects, I think. ...
It basically depends on how much I want to talk to a person and what mood I'm in. I often don't particularly want to (I'm not a very strong E and I'm a 'detached' Enneagram 5), but I do prefer to...
I do think I'm an ENTP, but I never filled out a questionnaire and I'm curious to see what I come out as.   First of all, I'm pretty sure I have high Ti. The question is...how high? I want to put...
I don't know why, but I get very annoyed with the confusion of the words 'women' and 'woman'. My accent very clearly differentiates these two words and 'e' and 'a' aren't that close together on the...
What makes you so positive that this guy is a NT rather than another type? Also, what kind of stuff does he do that makes you think Te?  What's this guy like in a dispute with you? What do they...
Your Global5/SLOAN type is RCUEI Your Primary type is Inquisitive   Mostly but don't completely identify. Bolded bits are true.    :shocked: All of that is me. All of it, down to the science...
ENTP here.  I'm another person who doesn't really think about time. My thoughts tend to wander everywhere with random concepts, questions and possibilities and so I rarely think about my own life...
I'm also a 16 year old ENTP (17 soon). I feel you, bro.  I'm waiting it out. It feels like I'm stuck in a rut, but it all seems a bit better when I imagine all the possibilities for what I could do...
It does depend. I have a particular love of IxTxs because I usually have great conversations with them. We tend to share a lot of interests and I enjoy seeing their brains blow up when they meet a...
OK, now I want to ride a robot. (Perhaps this should be in the porn thread too?)  You've done cool new invention, I'll pick a cool old one for contrast:Antikythera mechanism - Wikipedia, the free...
Definitely yes in terms of friendship (my best friend's an ENFJ), no in terms of romance. I don't think I know any xNFJ guys either, probably because they're fairly rare?  Obviously I can't...
All of that is me. (Down to the psychic androgyny - I don't see why I should either conform or react against gender stereotypes.)  The ploy is working. ;)
I consider myself centre-left on the British political spectrum (so a foaming-at-mouth radical in US terms xD) but I can see the logic behind that. Tbh, it could go either way. On one hand, we're...
Same as gingertonic and alfreda. I don't recall a time before either Ti or Ne.  I'm guessing that Micky is the reason you're asking? I suspect that my parents did play their part in fostering Ti...
Hey, @Zippy BawBaw! My suspected Enneagram tritype and borderline I buddy. :)    Anyway, here goes:  I'm not a loud or offensive person. I'm quite reserved and polite most of the time.  Many...
Yes, it really depends on the individual and how deeply they were into the interest in the first place. A few months of vaguely liking something - whether it begun as a raging passion or not - is...
Yeah, they can be a bit simplistic - they go on behaviour rather than actual thinking style a lot of the time for reasons of practicality. Sucks though. I took a look at your thread in the typing...
I'd agree that it appears more common for ENTPs to mistype as others than for others to mistype as ENTP.   Saying that, I notice that there's a certain sort of person who seems to mistype as ENTP....
It's 9 now so, definitions of morning notwithstanding, it's well and truly, definitely, completely morning. Or - is it? Does 'morning' truly exist? Can morning, afternoon and evening be said to exist...
It does depend. Why do you want to contact him again? Why aren't conventional methods of communication suitable? What was the interest? I'm curious now. :)
Like SlowPoke68 said, I never completely lose the interest. I'll probably still think of it as an interest for a very long time, if not forever. A few months for one topic of interest seems like...
I'd like to join you guys in learning computer programming. Python or Java sound good. I'm also someone who isn't necessarily looking to be a god-level programmer at this stage - I'm not planning for...
Play chess online, free! - ChessFriends.com
(I'm an INFJ really. Ahem.)  Good morning! It's half past 4 here so I should probably go to sleep (and fix my sleeping patterns)...:frustrating:
I find it very difficult to truly dislike a person. In my head, there are a) people who I like and b) people who I do not like.   People who I dislike are few and far between - they tend to be the...
Yes to everything you said, OP. I care enough to avoid offending people too terribly most of the time when simply bored...but bored and irritable, man, that's a bad combination. I made a friend cry...
In an exam situation, I've been taught to make a plan and go through with it. Although I follow a logical structure in writing, I'm usually not very faithful to the original plan. Plans are skimpy...
I might tear up, but I don't usually cry during films, reading books, adverts and the like. I imagine that only the most overwhelming sadness would make me properly cry.  Like the people above have...
Tl;dr  The only solution is self-flagellation before a block of cheese. You'll soon seen the error of your ways, for we are all as nothing before the power and majesty of the Almighty Cheese.
I think I'm a damn good listener, but that's because I'm barely an E>I and deal with a bunch of extremely strong extrovert friends who always turn conversations towards themselves. :laughing:` ...
Yep.  I'm often considered selfish, lazy and unadventurous because I don't want to go out for 'family time'. If it's an interesting activity, sure, but I don't see why they need me for things I...
Ideal type - ENTJ; real type - ENTP.  Well, it's no big secret that I like being me but wish that I was more organised and decisive. To specify, I want to be a more balanced ENTP who has fewer P...
I'm normally OK at socialising but it fluctuates. The exact level depends a lot on the type of social situation, the people I'm with and interest levels. It varies to the extent that I've been called...
[Double post]
Hello there!   This is weird. How many other 16 (ish) year old ENTPs are there?  This will not do; you must all be destroyed. :wink:
The Ludovico technique...but used against books instead of people-bashing and Beethoven's Ninth?  Was that witty enough? :sad:
Perhaps this could be another guilty pleasure? I never wear makeup in day-to-day life - doing art on my face every morning seems like far too much effort when I'm not even looking to attract guys at...
(So...where do you find these professional makeup tutorials? :laughing:)    What are you talking about? The first two were the best two! Ickle Harry, ickle Ron, ickle Hermione and awesome...
I've noticed this in myself too. I start out strong and enthusiastic at the beginning - i.e. nobody knows anything about the course and it's all about encouraging you to see the connections and...
I would imagine that he could.
I was a repressed and shy kid too, but I did troll my little brother when I was a child. Bless him, he didn't know any different when I earnestly told him that mushing coloured crayons into a paste...
[Double post]
dingo   Thank you for your detailed response. I wouldn't presume to know how my friend thinks, so I'll try again to get her interested in understanding cognitive functions and see whether she...
*cuddles the cuddly INFJ*  Don't worry, there's enough ENTP awesome to go round for everyone. :kitteh:
I'm exactly the same as you. I usually test as only 55% extroverted and my friends would describe me as more introverted.  I'm in high school too (and can't wait to get out, argh).
I didn't actually watch the episodes...but I kept up with the X Factor last series.   I liked knowing what people kept going on about and being able to hold a conversation about it, okay?  *is...
The thing is, I don't really know - she will rarely express her ideas until she's absolutely sure she's right, so it's difficult to get a read on Ni or Ne. I don't know how to tell from the outside...
I'm not an INTP but I still do this sometimes over breaks and such. There's Facebook now so it can't last for long most of the time, but I'll occasionally just lose all energy required to reply to..."


5416: 'Welcome home, sonny :laughing:
Just because you have a strong tendency towards logic doesn't mean you therefore have no feelings or emotions... Besides, it's amazing how many valid excuses to procrastinate my mind can come up...
Let's see... we're agreeing on ignoring the boy-girl-thing here, ey. So yes! Dark souls and moonlight make me purrrrrrr too :proud:
/signed I'm curious now :laughing:  elroset You can try Gimp (GIMP - The GNU Image Manipulation Program), it has about the same features as PhotoShop, only it's absolutely FREE! (Big Up for them...
Ehm Elroset... You're WAY too pretty for such bad photoshopped pics... It's such a plague these days, and I understand the pressure etc etc, but now i am big on celebration of the natural physical...
Nah. Nice men > FTL.
Hehe, well don't worry: I don't go do groceries on tuesday mornings in a Tank Girl Outfit either ^^ As for the booty-issue, you should make that your asset instead of hiding it! Remember the wise...
lol, I'm out.  Good luck sir, you're gonna need it :laughing:
Yeps .....
Zeldon, your specific problem with the outside world sound a lot like the ones I hear on forums for gifted people. Maybe you could try to find a good one (not the fluffy omg we're soooo special...
Loving yourself sounds so fluffy (and x-rated), how bout starting with at least caring for yourself.  You'd do the same things for yourself you do / advice for others you care for: make nice food, a...
A huge campfire, iPads and a 3D-printer = :laughing:
See? It's not rocket-surgery, now is it?!
If you want to be loved, you have to make yourself love-able. Easy as pie (and yes, I've been tested, bettin' you a 100 bucks my iq is higher then yours, AND I'm an entp, AND I have 'masters' like...
For the long, cold winter evenings I love some projects from this site: Instructables - Make, How To, and DIY How about  building an Electric Umbrella (leds, with a dimmer!), a Lego SpaceInvaders...
I just <3 the clash of theatre and Mad Max at Burning Man Festival. I pray that one day I'll be able to afford to go there! ...
I guess I mostly learned to be waaaaaay more loyal to myself (yuk, that sounds so corny) and adjust my friendships, work and generally how I spend my days in a way that suits me best. I gave up...
...and some things are worth trying, so: sure! :) You'd have to loose the mustache first tho, sorry!
Tupac === Really dead
ElfQuest === Wolfrider
travel === malaria
All that talk of  illegal and morally objectionable just turned me on... Let's roll, sir ^^
After 3 shots (tequila plx): sure!
ah, I see the budget's not as modest as I was thinking off... In that case: a FabLab <3
As a human rogue, bulls where always my secret forbidden fantasy, so: hell yeah!
Please, pleeaase don't challenge her into proving it!  :shocked:
I'd go for a ride with you, listen to some tracks on your stereo, and decide upon how well you can kick my ass if we'd hook up  :happy:
Because then and there all spontaneity, excitement and  wonder is killed. It's damn awkward so turning it into a joke is kind of a polite way to offer us both a chance at a way out of the tense...
- A holodeck! - Johnny Depp (giftwrapped plx)  Or maybe...   http://www.thinkgeek.com/images/products/frontsquare/e5a7_canned_unicorn_meat.jpg  Cute tea-time gadget: ...
pear tree === tobacco
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.   Education is a cure for ignorance, not stupidity.  Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which to die.  ...
hahaha I'll hold now, impress us!   :)
woops, same-time-post.  river === phoenix
stream === radio
Warning! female reaction again  My first thought is 'Yeah... well... I'll be the judge of that' First action (when rawr-factor = high) 'I don't know really, but I DO know we're gonna rock at this...
House === Doctor
True Romance: most romantic movie ever: rawr!
Hmmmm I already posted this yesterday but it seems missing? Anywayz, here's my style:  1.) Unethical  I have very high ethics. They're based on my own values though, not on whatever society made...
A little tip for Wulfdot:the tshirthell webshop :wink: My style is basically: black, distressed & always fit for the occasion. And the time of day. And the weather. And my mood. Basically.'"


5419: 'Yes and immediately said no. Just too much attention to detail, paperwork that I do not enjoy and too much memorization.
I am aware about some components of finance and we do not have a finance course in HS. Purely my research. But I am taking AP Economics. I have enjoyed economics and statistics and can deal with some...
Hello there, I've read some threads here and there about ENTPs not being satisfied with their jobs. I am just questioning if I am chasing the paycheque and if I should it and balancing satisfaction...
Fluent in Russian, Vietnamese and English. English has largest vocabulary for me (because i researched a lot in english) and Russian comprehension-wise (i.e. how fast i process things)  Studied...
I looked up the definition on many websites. That's generally the definition. I would not deny that it's a very vague thing. I also pointed out in my original post that the term having a culture is...
Culture is defined as a set of beliefs, arts etc etc in a group/society.  If you were to be a singular example of that culture you wouldn't be considered a culture. Let's say I was the only...
Folks are complaining about having a weird holiday season and money issues. Just got back from Russia and , oh boy, it wasn't the most pleasant holiday season for them either. (check the...
Lol, i was always forced by circumstances to learn many languages. Fluent in English, Vietnamese and Russian.  (a very global range, eh?) Had 4 years of German(feels like 2), 1 year of Latin and...
So there I was, a vietnamese kid born in Moscow. My family came from poor-ass (not that it's still isn't) vietnam, through being sent to study in slavic countries and ended up in Moscow.  I was a...
I think you (you and Like Slow Disappearing) folks are misinterpreting personal identity and culture. What you are describing is personal identity, that was influenced by culture. Culture is on a...
Technically we do have a human culture.(nations have similar traits due to biological similarities etc) But in this case we're talking about not fitting into variations of human culture.   I...
Interestingly enough, music and other aesthetic pieces of art can be very touching.  In case of music, i do feel emotions while listening to them. Many of modern compositions played on a classical...
Black Sabbath: INTJ? Quite cynical and dark, but gives the vibe of holding onto something passionately. (Fi)
It would have to depend on their world. I mean abandoning my known ones is a pure question of preference and I don't have much to lose at this point in life.   Do they have entertainment? Is it...
I have no idea what everyone is talking about. This sounds like an ENTP stereotype of being a more N version of ESTP  I used to fear thrill rides A LOT, still kinda do. I don't like doing...
Although if we talked about morals and ethics, I would hold position of a non-cognitivist, putting all categorical imperatives under moral dilemmas and be consequentialist/utilitarian.  But I do...
Your Personality Type:     Adventurer Your carefree and creative spirit makes you the Adventurer. You are not interested in following society's dictates - you prefer to think for yourself. While...
Um, I say no. Although ENTPs vary, some more sociable some more analytical, generally NTPs are the most logical.  A good comparison is this: NTJs = empirical evidence = enough. (also their Ni...
Deontology is good as a motivational source, sounds nice, buuuuut breaks down like most (if not the most) in ethical dilemmas. Too much room to bend the rules. In order to make it more valid the...
From what I get here is that you see vices everywhere, done without remorse. You wish the world was better and in frustration question if dictatorship, ethical exploit and violence may bring to your...
Well apparently i'm an alien, because I have boxes that are connected with wires and electronic doors that may open automatically or manually. Not to mention sometimes the wires are tangled or...
1 brother, 1 sister twins that don't look exactly the same. 9 year gap, i'm oldest. Not much of a role really, i do my own stuff and sometimes hang out with them. My brother seems to take me as a...
Related.  It's kind of fun how people say you like that experience and kind of force it on yourself. You don't hear that much from people here (as everyone tries to live up to the stereotype to some...
Hmm i guess not progressive.  Lots of bad results from worshiping certain virtues in an incorrect way. Wisdom is sought through rope learning, social stability through peer pressure, success through...
How thick is your accent compared to others? Also How flexible is it in terms of adapting to your surroundings? Let's see, i'm Vietnamese and I have no accent in Russian (native speaker), I speak...
Agree. Big parties tend to attract not very bright people or those whom i don't enjoy meeting or both. But of course it depends on the host and his social circle.  But then usually the hosts i...
Extremely. Anything that is physically harming I will be afraid of. (I'd say in quite excessive amount, compared to others, so not just survival instict)  This also includes post-effects of horror...
Imagine, things in the world have to be done with games.  What game would you choose as the main platform?  I'm not going to define/restrict the usage of games completely. In other words, you may...
I cannot deny that I was butthurt and venting. The way I did it was trying to come up with points and just bash it. So I came up with points, I sorta rationalized them and mainly bashed it. Not much...
Perhaps we all start out as newbs going: Am I an ENTP, I or E etc. That's pretty common due to skepticism and perhaps trying to grab an indentity in typology. Sure a lot of people a guilty of it...
I like sports. Somewhat athletic.  (as in I don't have a six pack or giant chest, but my arms and shoulders are in pretty developed and I don't really have fat other than a little bit on the lower...
He's trying to explain something, starts defining it and before he attempts to prove that definition (like any gentleman would) I stop him with : Yeah, Obviously, Of course, Yeah, common...
Lots of rereading, lots of questioning then forgetting why i questioned it. Creating arguments and then forgetting them only to attempt that again. Honestly reading formal philosophy is very hard for...
Let's talk realitically and not *yay so kewl, viva la revolucion!*  Depends on what we're fighting for and how much it affects me. Is it pure totalitarianism and injustice or just a minor change in...
Fate has a good sense of humor... To put mere peasants as the exclusive group, such impudence! Not only these plebeans not appreciate out teachings of wisdom and guidance, but they also have the...
If you play quidditch, fight to the death or any game from it. Or you could always poke each other with sticks.
Imagine, everything in world has to be done with games.  What game would you choose as the main platform?  I'm not going to define/restrict the usage of games completely. In other words, you may...
I have to agree with Gifted children don't fit into the standard education system.  First of all, if your country had schools that had a ranking and you're gifted, you probably didn't go to a low...
Very situational morals, kinda consequentialist if driven to extremes.  Though I do like arguing from non-cognitivist standpoint, specifically moral nihilistic.  There are 3 main values that I...
Never really was an animal person. Well I was all hype about a hampster when I was 7... a week later I fed up with him and gave him away. Good times.  Too much of a hassle to keep one, to play...
I still buy Nerf guns from time to time, force my little siblings to play it with me and go nuts for new Lego...  I don't like physically self-depricating humor in general (especially in front of...
Libra, 23rd September.
Is this a thread to bash Fi? Because I'm all in to jump on the bandwagon xD  But if you really just tried to use Mendeleev's periodic table and merge it with cognitive functions, it's been done...
1) Yes, in fact there was a thread a while ago where I  believe every ENTP stated that.  2) I usually get distracted. Actually I suffer in pain and agony, then go oooh, shiny. Usually when it...
Certainly it seems like a decent amount of people consistently relate to this here. Gifted people are really left on their own to evolve themselves. (except for maybe private education)  If it's a...
Certainly it seems like a decent amount of people consistently relate to this here. I think this needs much more attention and in general the education system needs to adjust better to people with...
How many languages can you speak/have you learned? 4 and 1/4 I'm fluent in Russian, English, Vietnamese and studied German for 4 years. Also had 1 year of latin  Do you like learning languages?...
I don't know anyone that's into MBTI/socionics/cognitive functions. But I did introduce a friend to it and he seems to be enjoying reading about it from time to time. (in a terribly non-technical...
Hmm I enjoy those anime waifu types, but I'm sure it's too damn unrealistic. ;(  But if I think about it realistically: - values me a lot/devoted to me, but can give out criticizm etc - always...
Define mature and balanced plz.  But assuming we're talking about the general concept in our society *cough* full of SJ tryhards *cough*: - stronger Si/J to get our shit done - stronger Fe...'"


5424: 'It just seems a bit arbitrary to me but I could be wrong, I haven't looked into it.
I got 80/100 masculine         43/100 feminine          53/100 androgynous, I'm not sure I agree with this test btw.
I to believe that x93Man is disturbed not by things, but by the views he takes of themx94 The subjective meanings we give to instances that happened in our life is everything. you can see this...
I can identify with what you write,  I myself always get very high Ti and Fi scores on cognitive functions tests, I value Objectivity more than anything else so I'm definitely more on the ENTP side...
I had tons of Lego when I was a kid, I was always super excited to build the set only to take it part in about 30 minuets, and try to see what else I can build from it, and how I can combine it with...
Israel is also quite expansive in general, a big part of the budget goes to the army, orthodox jews families of 12+ that don't work ,and settlements. just buying a beer at a pub would cost you around...
Everything relates.
Yes I was and you missed out on steak :) Jerusalem is much more expensive than it should be, so I don't think I'm going to rent an apartment by myself anytime soon. Besides, it's not like the pay is...
Lol no, though it was full of orthodox Jews and was really annoying. I needed to find a new roommate somewhat quickly, and no one came because of bad location and a bad room, I wasn't going to pay...
I need to evacuate my apartment in the next few hours. It's not in a good place, it looks pretty bad, and I don't have any good memories from here, yet somehow I feel kinda sad never coming back.
I was just thinking, we are generally more affected by our perception of reality than reality itself.
a 1998 Hyundai Lantra, not much I know, but I do drive it like there's no tomorrow.
Yep, these things are really fun, they are sure to make your life a whole lot better. -_-
Not all relatable characters need to be good. ofc he was evil and deserved to die from the beginning, but he had qualities that made you identify with him, as a fictional character I'd find the...
My older sister is an INTJ and it seems like she never liked kids or babies, I honestly thought she will never have kids, but now she has a baby and it seems like she loves her very much (still hates...
I also enjoyed the Presto from the 1st Sonata, so different from the violin(or guitar)  it is great!
Yep, you caught me. I'm an Ih8U, we are very simple minded people, so we can't possibly understand when someone is joking, I whole heatedly thank you for clearing that out. Ih8U is a secret type of...
Cool I love the harp! I feel it could work very well with Bach arrangements, unfortunately it doesn't seem popular to do. I play classical guitar, I uploaded a video to the ENTP videos thread...
You only feel motivated to do something when it becomes impossible. :laughing:
I think You're typing people way too much, you don't want to get to the point where you see people through 'type' glasses instead of who they personally are. What PolexiaSmallPox u200bsaid is very true,...
O.k I just got to this part-  To be honest I don't know your specific situation but from what you've said this sounds very unhealthy. You guys should really talk this through, moving on might...
Understanding someone's type can only get you so far, at the end of the day everyone's an individual and any type combination could work well on a personal level. Having said that, this-  can bring...
possibly :)  as long as I'm here I can say one might argue claiming ENTPs are not crazy in an ENTP forum is basically preaching to the choir btw... society is stupid, can't argue against that.
aaaand wrong thread..... there should really be a way to delete posts, at least in the first few minuets...
So I've decided to help making this thread a little more active :)  @PolexiaSmallPox and @jdstankosky made me want to contribute.  @Themorning I enjoy seeing other people here playing guitar, and...
I can't talk for anyone else, but I see the world as an intricate web of connections ,finding patterns helps you simplify those connections, than you look for patterns of patterns and so forth....
Ha that's nice :) where I come from we don't really have that. You could say that in Israel the water is green and the grass is yellow :)
It's to see what are the first things that come to your mind :) , so far It seems ENTPs are big on open mindedness( no surprise here) but I think it's too soon to make any generalizations, I also...
You have a lake near home? O_O
For me, from the top of my head I'd have to say  * Self awareness * Open mindedness * Intelligence * Talent (people who are very good at what they do) * Strong will
pretty simple, so what are the 5 traits you appreciate most in people?  let's see if we can find ENTP specific patterns.       comment first read other's later, so you're not affected.
I don't know why people care so much, your 'type' success or failure statistics reflect nothing on you, at the end of the day you're an individual. If you want a high paying job, go get it.
Because we value tradition above anything else.
Every person is an individual ofc but I usually tend to get along very well with ESTPs.
I really don't like happy people...
I eat 2 really small ones because I'm too lazy to make food and I forget most of the time, but don't worry, around every other week or so I eat for 3 people for a few days, so as it is I'm perfectly...
Talk about worst help ever wow, I know where not to go now when I need an advice.  In defense of all the compassionate ENTPs in this forum, so little backstory can make you sound like an EMO ...
If for instance you never got any warmth from your parents, were secluded and beat up your entire childhood outside your home, and most of the people you cared about were religious nationalists who...
I think you don't get how depression works. It's like telling an anorectic oh you feel week, why don't you eat something.
You have until the end of the month. aaaand I just remembered I haven't eaten anything since morning, it's 21:00 here. I go eat now.
I make great steak though, and I'll teach you free guitar.
Soooo.... I'm going to be kicked out of my apartment if I don't find a new roommate by the end of the week, anybody thinking about moving to Jerusalem?
Lol, I was sure a lawyer, or maybe something in finance.
Sure Pi*e=8.53973422267 , o.k I have no idea where I'm going with this...  But soon I wouldn't need to know anything because I would be drowning in drugmoney, sweet sweet drugmoney, so there you go.
I meant to write wide age demographic but never mind that, seeing as fucking guys is not something I'm too keen on doing at the moment, I'll stick to women in their 20's. I'm off to buy chocolate...
This post is much less pretentious, I'll give you that. And by the way sexual services at a cost of a fancy date is still prostitution I don't see the difference. As I know you're not going to...
Are you sure? Because I know some old ass people who believe some pretty stupid shit just because they've heard it enough times. I want to start a religion, so I need to address a wide range...
Around Venice in the summer :) 208250
Jerusalem, Israel 17:20
I tend to be attracted to ENTP-ENFP, and chances I'll ever find my self with an SJ are very low.'"


5437: 'When you are put in the same light as serial killers, by more than one group of people.
Yes    No, the chicken never leaves the egg, and it lives a nice life.
Fire eating and fire breathing both are great hobbies.
. this falls in line with the http://personalitycafe.com/entp-forum-visionaries/263369-ne.html  . herd mentality is like hive mentality, but less effective
What I said doesn't help the whole, ENTPs have feelings argument. Everything is cost/benefit analysis.
. you need to add a link to a rickrolled video in the topic post
I think this is our version of trust. If we can understand the other person's motives we can anticipate their possible actions, and we trust them to act to the benefit of the motives we pick for...
OkWhat 18 posts
. that's not right . the road, like many things, runs from us
. I'm normal  . I view it as a race just like everyone else
That would explain his immortality.
So, you're saying that Keanu Reeves looks like a 2d digitally rendered character.
So what I'm seeing is that as our minds developed we didn't increase our information gathering and lost our confidence. After awhile we lost all reservation and thought, what the hell and ignored...
The most frightening part of boredom for me is when I dive into my mind for entertainment and get lost, depressed, and frustrated, but the boredom still doesn't go away. I get some great questions...
The best.
I feel much the same way. When I am shown to be more original than my peers I feel great, more so if I'm also right.
Which do you value more: being right, or being creative?
We aren't huge on subtlety are we?
Just the ignorant and illogical.
Fern Logic and ethics are disciplines of philosophy.
That has happened more than once to me, but most of the time it's philosophy.
Did you change in a flash(<2 years) or slowly?(or always were like that)  Flash.  When did you change?  It was when I was 16.  My awkward years were 13-15.  Reasons why you changed?
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers, and says,  five beers, please.   Pavlov is sitting at a pub enjoying a pint, the phone rings and he jumps up shouting, oh shit, I forgot to feed...
I'd love to hear an answer to this. The only answer I have is to expect nothing or the worst case scenario. No hope means no need to be nervous.
I'm serious about this. I truly want help, and I don't currently have time to continue this project. If anyone wants to help me, please send me a private message.
I'm working on that if anyone would like to help me.
555 this may be usefulhttp://personalitycafe.com/entertainment-plaza/99862-if-mbti-types-were-rpg-classes.html
3-2-1-go
But I want to break physics.
Try your best.
When that happens to me. I have found that sitting in a dark room, and listening to loud symphonic music is a good way to direct and channel my thoughts. If my mind runs fast enough for long enough...
So, if you don't feed your mind it eats your soul. Does that sound close to how you feel?
There is no reason you can't do that.
I do something similar with cashiers except I use a universal point of understanding as a prelude for a brief conversation that is meant to brighten both of our days. They are typically smiling by...
How do you speak to people? I want to know the simi-vague manor in which you approach a conversation. I know you wouldn't approach a conversation with your mom the same way you would a stranger. So,...
My dialogue most of the time consists of an inner and an outer component. One is my voice in my head, the other is me talking to myself. One is the anticipated response another person would have if I...
134225134233
134209   Reasoning, Abstractedness, and Openness to change all seem high in everyone.
What do you define as a monologue?
Garee I was under the impression that what Elsa had was a curse, and what she did to Anna was to place a similar curse on her. I don't know if Anna's curse would fade after the caster died, or if she...
Has anyone taken a statics course recently? If so, where?
Garee You assume that the ice wouldn't have melted after the caster died. Is that correct? If so, what basis do you have for said assumption?
I learn a new worthless trick. This year I learned to breath and eat fire. Fire spinning and fire poi are next on the list.
Hurricanes, definitely hurricanes.
I'd say no. Everyones actions are based off of reasons, and if you know the reasons they act you can guess their actions. The only people who are unpredictable are those whose motives are chaos or...
I had a dentist working on my mouth say You have pretty eyes. I know women who would kill for eyes like that.
Do you ever feel waking is like falling down the rabbit hole?   In your dreams you have a deep understanding of how the world is, and when you wake nothing makes sense. Realism isn't the question...
I believe there are rules to all things, and social interaction is no different. Whether or not I choose to follow said rules depends on whether or not I find them reasonable. I know most of the...
In the movie Troy, Achilles is given a choice stay, live a normal, life have a family, and eventually be forgotten or go, fight, and die but be remembered forever. What if we are all given this...
Sometimes you just need to sit in the rain and contemplate the meaning of life.'"


5446: 'Just by using the terms before and after, we imply time. We cannot describe a lack of time through the use of temporal terms. In the same way, one cannot describe a complete void in terms of...
But infinite cannot exist within time, because that imposes limits on it. Thus, it ceases to be infinite, as there is a measure of finiteness. Indeed, that is the problem with language, because...
Sure it is. Just as a circle is defined as the set of all points a given distance from another point, and that the ratio connecting these is definite but unquantifiable, so is infinity a defined...
Quantifying eternity/infinity is just like quantifying pi or e. They're best understood as abstract concepts, and quantification takes away from the purpose.  So, asking how long eternity is...
They're not scary. Puzzling at times, yes, but fear isn't the right response.
Rent seeking, or in other words, being an economic parasite.
The Best Years of Our Lives for the 1940s On the Waterfront for the 1950s West Side Story, The Graduate, In the Heat of the Night, and Midnight Cowboy for the 1960s Dog Day Afternoon, Taxi Driver,...
Dominant Ne means that yourself comes from observation. You can't lose that, because you're always observing the group while in the group. So rest easy - that's likely not going to happen.   ...
It may seem nice, but getting too far into yourself is dangerous territory. Deconstructing and analyzing your own behavior separately from yourself objectifies it, and is part of the psychological...
Do a lot more reading on essential capitalist theory. You've got the basic principles down, but they're nothing new. The idea that the main difference is between the capitalist who grants access to...
They may have, depending on what part of the country you live in.    Fairly universal. Here's a secret - a woman always chooses her man. It almost never works in reverse. If it seems like a guy...
What was the political issue?  You know what to do. Go talk to him. If you catch him staring at you, grin goofily and wave flirtatiously at him, and if you're with female friends, start giggling...
Douglas Adams
Yeah, but where would the fun be in that? There'd be no irony whatsoever.
Yes, you're all a bunch of boring bores who bored more than anyone has ever bored before. You all are so dull, you couldn't cut through melted ice cream. You're so sleep-inducing, that you're banned...
Sure they do. In my experience, though, the depression manifests more in continually going out and feeling unsatisfied rather than not wanting to go out at all.    Maybe. Still, the not...
It's inferior. It's specifically the part of our thinking that we simply don't get, but furthermore, know that we don't get it, and get frustrated that others value it. Si thus has negative...
Your brain doesn't stop developing until you're 25.
Things that seem off    How do you define extraversion compared to introversion? That may be what's throwing me for a loop, after all.    Same here. That's more of an introverted position....
Well, this certainly demonstrates why typing is hard online. Although both answers are ENTPish, I can't say that with any definite certainty. There are just too many other answers that don't ring...
Following up, which is more important to you -  Integrity Comprehension
Just out of curiosity, why don't you think you're an ENFP, perhaps?
Concentrate on whether being analytical makes you feel good or bad (i.e. bad). Use Si to stave off inferior Te until Fi can take back control of the situation.
There would be no communication other than looking at each other in goofy ways.
Perhaps that may have been a better approach.
And that later definition sets up all too convenient a strawman for him, because if you read over his argument again, his complaint against antitheists targets something that describes atheists under...
Logic fail. That would require me to accept the premise that it is the possession of omniscience that makes one a god.    1. Jokes often reveal hidden biases.  2. Are you aware of how ignorant...
1. That's not cruel at all. Some of my favorite people are ESTPs. You should be so lucky as to be like them.  2. Saying this is the ENTP forum is no excuse for losing your cool. Besides, it makes...
You sell what you have. Russia had oil, and lots of it, and not a whole lot else. It wasn't that they didn't want to diversify their economy, it was that quite literally, they had nothing else that...
That wasn't a comparative statement. It was simply pointing out that money has many points of inefficiency as a means of exchange. We don't know how effective a pure command economy could be - any...
Money is terribly inefficient - it requires a ridiculous amount of outside pressure to keep flowing, and to keep the distribution of goods steady. It has the annoyingly unfortunate tendency to be...
ENTJ - achievement for the sake of achievement ENTP - achievement as a means for some other end
The tendency would be to ask what would it mean if the candidate weren't openly Christian, other than the person not getting elected? Generally, the conclusion would be not a whole lot.   ...
Don't generally record the chart itself. The implications and effects of that information are what is remembered, and the supporting information reconstructed with flashes of visual memories, until...
Umm, that's just typical masculine Fe talking. Basically, don't F with my friend or I'll F with you. It's not meant to be interpreted any differently than what was said on the surface. You can let...
Sure about that?  Study: College Binge Drinking on Rise   Don't worry, it's something the puritans in our country get riled about too. In fact, I think binge drinking is a particularly...
Hmm, not sure if I agree with those...  I'd say it's more like this:  Se: What's going on out there? - External stimuli are noticed Si: Does this appear to be correct? - Internal stimuli are...
That's just Ne. It's always looking for the next, greatest thing. Unfortunately, you won't improve by sticking it through. You'll just get upset with the BS details.
Malignant manifestation of Narcissistic Personality Disorder.
Nothing. I've just got a lot of things to work on.
I thought I was young in my mid-20s. I forgot how much I was online when I was 13-14.
Well I just died laughing at that video
Ti just looks for patterns in the reasoning  Ni is inductive (taking discrete data to assemble possibilities). Ne is deductive (comparing current data to known precepts). Both are done in regard...
It goes away after a while - you get everything you can out of those sorts of media. The real world starts to become much more interesting - the themes you read about, you start to notice in the...
Deductive vs. inductive reasoning
Good explanation.
I'm not so good at the process, but I'll be damned if it doesn't explain nearly everything
No. There's no need.
Hi. Just another ENTP. Look forward to it.'"


5453: 'overall (i.e. encompassing political, religious, and metaphysical beliefs) I consider myself an anarcho-absurdist, in order to refer solely to my religious beliefs i call my self anti-theistic the...
In what way do we become obnoxious? granted that there are several elements of ENTP behavior (or anyone's behavior) that could be considered obnoxious but there in lies the problem, define your terms.
i've always gotten along quite well with ESTPs, though i have fairly well developed Se for an ENTP. I get along quite well with ESFJs, except my father, we're friendly enough, and even work together,...
i usually don't have problems with most types, but, not to be typist or rely on stereotypes, ISTJs just never seem able to handle me, and i'm pretty sure it's the Si. I'm a very non-traditional...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkrfVZGmLL8  pure Ne
John Zorn John Cage Steve Reich Penderecki Stravinsky Luigi Russolo
Radicalism 91.25   Socialism 37.5   Tenderness 40.625
I am 22 and primarily concerned with novel ideas. I don't know that I want to investigate them so much as create them, but I investigate  science and the avant garde and philosophy so i can see...
nothingness is the greatest gift life has to give. the fact that we come from nothing and return to nothing means that everything that happens to us along the way is a net positive for the time being...
I'm into experimental, noise rock, psychedelic, rock and indie, including: Times New Viking, Black Moth Super Rainbow, Ty Segall, Mercury Rev, The Flaming Lips, The Pretty Things, Can, The...
my creative process is very spontaneous, more than a little improv oriented, but my medium (film) is very technical and requires preparation and planning before each shot (on some level, often...
Immortality and/or pariental distortion or whatever the creative power
noiseyk  as in noisey+k
boom boom
Liberalist, pacifist, culturist
Kids in the hall That Mitchell and Webb Look Peep Show Parks and rec 30 Rock teen wolf (come at me) Arrested Development Andy Richter Controls the Universe Spaced FLCL
I had heard this too, yet I am pretty average in height and weight. I if there is any correlation between body type and personality type it will be one of the most tenuous connections, as there are...
I gave it a 2, then a 3, then a 2 again
My best friend in INTP and the type I most romantically desire is INTP. We have an odd relationship, especially since he's pretty into ENTPs. We're basically soul mates but without the mating part lol
Film Student and I love it
I'm into psychedelic, garage rock, 60s, rock and indie, including: Boards of Canada, Black Moth Super Rainbow, Times New Viking, The Flaming Lips, Boredoms, Ty Segall, Mercury Rev, The Octopus...
You're in control just like a child - madonna that line has always peeved me.
Everyone in attendance to my funeral will be handed a box of tissues and a vial of fake tears, for use during the services. I haven't decided where it'll be held yet, probably a theater. My obituary...
How the hell do I make more boxes?  Noisey 7w8 4w5 8w9 sx/so
I have never in my life shut up for one solitary second and I never plan to. How dare you suggest that I should meet the needs of others when they are so obviously inferior to myself. No one in the...
this is exactly accurate for me lol
Hmmm, Your roommate sounds pretty interesting. He's probably pretty hot too. Maybe you should respond every once in a while and he won't have to carry on by himself. Also, He's probably trying, but...
circles  i guess First thing I noticed was the circle on the door and the cirlcle the dog is holding and the circle base on the dog, and I was thinking about dots cause of the reset and circles...
I'm gonna replace the opposite with any and agree with bigtex up there. Never lived with ENTP, closest was INTP but he was straight and we'd been friends for a long time so we just read Douglas...
Woo psychedelics!!! I'm mostly a weed/acid person, but I wanna try shrooms and DMT and pretty much any other psychedelic. best thing ever is combining weed, acid, and alcohol... good times.
I would definitely say that i tend to be the most aware of the abstract elements of the environment around me, but the minor details and physical elements can escape me, unless they are relevant to...
Benevolent Creator description was pretty damn accurate too
lol what not to like about a duo of gay ENTPs? That sounds like the best thing ever.
what emotions did you talk about? I need more information! ...always...
I feel that I remove all of my 'nice guy' boundaries was the best description so far
so much mad in this thread. Did you consider that maybe some of them agreed with your logic but shied away from your side because you came on a little strong or were perhaps a little mean/tactless? ...
When I'm writing I usually pace rapidly while dictating to someone on the computer who types it out for me. Personally, I like the co-dependence of it, but I'm sure there are plenty of ENTPs that...
While I do enjoy meeting new people, It isn't something I actively seek out. I have a small group of friends that I am very close to. I enjoy understanding people, and therefore would rather put lots...
I've been told that my humor is very similar to Douglas Adams. My musical tastes are similar to Matt Groening.
1:  I can not STAND being alone, I mean, I'd rather be alone than with someone who was really boring, but they'd have to be REALLY boring, I've always had a few very very close friends, and then lots...
So many Libertarians are quite naive. I have the moral and political sense of a leftist libertarian, because I believe in lots of freedom for people, but am anti-corporation and would give less...
I think you may have taken young a little too literally. The few ENTPs I know irl and myself have always discussed that we got along better with adults as children, because they were more...
I know there is a tendency for SJs to be more traditionalistic/conservative, and i know ENTPs have a stereotype of anarchistic tendencies/ desire to defy social norms and would logically be more...
I would do as many things as physically possible. Honesty I'd probably flip out. it would get pretty manic...
you love a thing because you hate it, and hate a thing because you love it.   you've never really been young, but you've always acted like it.
most of these response I would totally agree with. I use music, when I can. Humor is a constant sand I have to say, I've always had a knack for entertaining myself, often those around me as well. get...
I wanna know what happens when you take both pills...
I dunno about the rest of you ENTPs,  but I feel like if we could get the freaks to join the stoners, and invent some sort of Jesus and meth repulsion system, we'd have a pretty awesome place...
they do value innovation quite highly, but I get the feeling that they value tradition just as much, plus they seem pretty strict. But if there was one country that would fit into the ENTP typing,...
I don't think I could ever only listen to one band, maybe for like a day or two, but I'd have to really force myself.  However, if i did, it would probably be Mercury Rev, Black Moth Super Rainbow,...'"


5508: 'Oddly enough, I have a near photographic memory regarding things I care about. If I see something (let's say a skit or monologue), that I find funny or interesting, I can memorize it word for word...
Not me, I really LOVE food, and fight to protect it actually. :crazy: It's one of the few things I'm stingy with. I remember taste pretty vividly, though I remember lots of sensations and memories...
Definitely agreed, it's a shame we ENTPs are such rarities. :tongue: Here are a couple from the play I was just in (A Christmas Carol, I was Jacob Marley):...
Hehe exactly, I could be selling someone a piece of shit car that's beat up, and simply explain that it means it's Full of character and history, not to mention reliable :crazy:
We do seem to be, though I'm clueless as to why. Personally, I'll just loop the conversation around until my argument somehow makes sense. :crazy: I like to call it the Jack Sparrow method:  ...
Ah, I remember you, you're the one who made that thread claiming you had trouble communicating due to being too intelligent for those around you and such. I used to have such delusions of grandeur...
http://www.affordablehousinginstitute.org/blogs/us/Calvinball_small.jpg Calvinball, without a doubt.
I like introverts, because they're some of the few people I'm able to have truly deep and intelligent conversations with. We can sit and talk about life and death for hours as if it were casual...
Just a small portion of my eclectic taste:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVzvRsl4rEM&feature=related  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpaPBCBjSVc  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zT6OeBeWT8g ...
Wow, this thread has introduced me to some awesome music and videos, but this one tops them all. Many thanks :proud:  As for my picks:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9MszVE7aR4 Not only is it...
This jacket: http://wil.imageg.net/graphics/product_images/pG01-7408855v380a.jpg Aside from that, nothing. I'm not too materialistic, and I'm struggling to find anything else I want. Money I guess?
Your primary VALSx99 type is Innovator, and your secondary type is Experiencer.
Not sure if these have been posted, guess Ill find out. http://www.all4humor.com/images/files/Tiger%20Hug.jpg http://www.humorhound.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/09/whos-awesome-puppy.jpg
Not at all. At that point, it just becomes an ultimatum, either you'll date me or you won't. I'd never compete for someone's attention.
I fake appreciation even if my insides are screaming. I don't want to be an ass when they have at least made the effort to get me something. It generally works too, because even if it's something I...
It's pretty obvious really. He'll go out of his way to contact/be around you, even when unnecessary. He'll be interested in what you're saying, try to touch you and such. Pay attention to body...
Make my move if I haven't already. If no, then move on and continue life as usual. If yes and the ex continues, make sure to discuss things with the girl and put the ex in their place. If she's...
Depends on who says it. If I'm interested, I'd smirk and say Why don't we find out? What're you doing...? If I'm not interested, I'll simply make a joke and play it off.
Metal === Gear
Perhaps because you're linking to facebook? Hit view image, then copy the link location, that generally works for me.
People who have a false sense of entitlement, as well as those who vastly overestimate their own abilities, when in reality they suck. Upon meeting these people, it becomes my mission in life to...
You sure that she's an ENTP? We're not the type to follow the crowd, generally we march to the step of our own drummer.
Meh, not really. I've gotten pretty good at letting out my thoughts in a way that results in either genuine or shock laughter, rather than pure disgust. And for those that it doesn't work on, I...
Definitely. (I think :tongue:) I love feeding my friends ideas, especially when I have to deal with the consequences, and instead observe them. :crazy:
Damn you ninja gnome. Damn you!  But yeah, what he said. You're probably trying to rationalize your feelings, which is a terrible thing to do. Believe me, I've confused myself countless times like...
He's better than you in some regard? :shocked: *gasp* That's impossible! Only one option left now.... http://gayguidetoronto.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/backstab.jpg  More seriously, stop...
A fox or a wolf, either would be awesome :proud:
I'd say I have good interpersonal skills. I can make almost anybody laugh, and I generally play off of a mix of cocky, goofy, and sarcastic. Picture Robert Downey Jr in Iron Man but much weirder, and...
*sigh* I was planning on asking her on a date, but this whole mess has just left me very confused and annoyed at her intentions. I suppose I'll try for a little longer, but I definitely can't keep...
I already got her phone number and discussed hanging out sometime, yet she keeps ignoring me for the sake of/running off with friends. Even still, I catch her staring, playing with hair, she sits...
^ The problem with just hanging around, is I feel like we'll end up as friends if that happens. I know there's something there and occasionally she'll open up, but getting her to can be very...
To all my fellow ENTPs I ask, what have your past experiences with shy love interests been? Happy, frustrating, etc?  I ask this, because I've recently been crushing on this shy girl I met. (ISFP)...
You guys seem very kind and genuine, which is extremely refreshing compared to most people. (especially being in high school) :proud:
Whenever I can't socially interact. I'm perfectly fine around people, but without some form of social stimulation, I begin to introvert. This can lead to insanity after awhile, for I'll sit and...
When your friend tells you they're doing a narrative essay from the perspective of Helen Keller, and you excitedly begin spouting ideas for them. :tongue: Seriously, I must've wrote at least half of...
:proud: Definitely. I feel depressed and tired early in the morning, which can be a problem because I have to wake up at 5:00 AM for school. :frustrating: At night, I'm completely energized, which...
Being an ENTP, my thoughts can be very spacey at times, and I'm prone to overthinking and creating conclusions from nothing. This disappears in social situations however, where I feel totally at...
Actually no, generally my compliments are well received. However, I have gotten some really awkward ones. My personal favorite, was about a month ago, these two guys on my bus (straight) sat for five...
True, I suppose. Personally, I would act that way (do whatever I want, act on impulse) if I wasn't stuck with the consequences. (which he isn't, being imaginary) Still, he just comes off as an ExTP...
Not ENTP? I thought he was, at the very least ESTP, or maybe even just a well balanced S/N. (reminds me of Ferris Bueller in a way) But at least ExTP?
.... I think you're referring to oneoutside?
Agreed, random comedy is one of the few kinds to get me to laugh out loud. Also, nice to see someone else found The Losers funny. YouTube - elevator scene - the losers  EDIT: Actually, to expand...
TONS. Though, I'm a teenager, so I'm probably biased. :tongue:
Hot Tub Time Machine and Zoolander are both amazing. :crazy: YouTube - A Center for Ants?!? YouTube - Hot Tub Time Machine - Blowjob Scene
You aren't the only one, I despise people snapping quick pictures and videos of me. I can be an attention whore at times, but I hate cameras and such, due to their ability to capture my stupidity and...
(on the whole fish thing) Actually I understand that, I was just making a generalization to get my point across faster. (cause I'm lazy) If someone had a semi-decent reason for their attachment to...
Depends on the context. If the person is acting reasonably (as in, crying over a dead relative, not their stupid fish), or is someone I care about, I'll generally listen/try to cheer them up. If they...
http://application.denofgeek.com/images/m/BADASS/GUYS/003_Tyler_durden.jpg
:proud: Interesting. I know she likes Kateky Hitman Reborn, though that's about it.
I meant the first. (I'm in high school, so I still use general terms to classify people) Still, nice to see someone else uses TV Tropes. :proud:'"


5510: 'Wank azz bitches! <3 u
Title says it all.  I love euros, even though they fucked up multicultural capitalism.  I love Brits, as salty as they are for ruining perfekly gud English in their Daft Wanker way.  I love...
On CNBC , they had a statistic relaying how gen X's are relying a ton of their boomer family to make ends meet.   Australian kids live with their parents until their 30s. I see a trend here. (and...
Bumping this. Done a full year at a large-scale starter company, reefer division. Have buckets of knowledge to spread if anyone's interested, including: Why truckers absolutely hate your fucking...
As a fellow philosophy major, I do not fear you, no matter what you say about your life. I only fear those who have no philosophy, whatsoever.  As a truck driver who has delivered to Walmart for a...
My NT Kumbaya sessions also stopped long ago :( Oooohhhh, to be a young NT again.....    WHERE!? I'm not joking.   Need to know where I belong. The place where the INTP and the ENTJ are friends...
I'm sorry, but I don't even understand where the INTP and ENTJ interact, much less have have enough of it to become friends. INTPs are the gods of introspection, and ENTJs are the executive Gods(+...
I hold a Philosophy BA and I've posted some negative things about philosophy studies (Rorty nails it), but I do think there is value in it. But with a caveat. I think philosophy is better understood...
Lulz, I answered this but in your INFJ thread..... You put this in all 16 sections? damn son
Humans are separated from animal life by the extent and degree to which we INFER. Animals merely infer about the presence of nearby predators, but humans have ascended over all because we infer about...
See, this post and others make me feel like this thread was totally misunderstood, and/or there exists serious discrepancies to how NTs value varying branches of knowledge (enneagram might factor...
So, I thought it was time to update this piece. I suspect I'm not the only one of my generation that's considered doing this, and let's face it, trucking is daunting. I finished the trucking school...
Aristotle said: If you do not know how to do good, find someone who is good, and do what they do.  Still looking for Gandalf. I urge you to look for him as well.
Why'd you do it? You've just disclosed your behavior and some history, not your motivations/thoughts. (trying to play pretend Fe-dom here!)
If i'm not mistaken, ENTPs don't like sharing personal details, exposing themselves, so take that into consideration. I for one hate sharing information, I consider it akin to sharing confidential...
I'm not trying to be elitist, I don't think it should be that way. But the fact of the matter is in Academia, much of what you said gets an audience in proportion to your credentials. I'm offering up...
I'm surprised no one's mentioned the Academic Credentials of Myerrs and Briggs, which are seen as lacking if not non-existent. If William James had developed something like MBTI alongside Jung, it'd...
Call me cold, but I am one for totally cutting out bigoted and/or very hurtful people out of one's life, even family. FallingLeaves - you're far too intelligent and enlightened to be sitting around...
Is this where I go to get bitten by a radioactive, vampire INTJ?
When I hear something like that, I don't get discouraged. I continue to describe, in intricate detail, the texture and contours of the poop I just brought into this world. KNOWLEDGE IS POWAH
They ARE made of Metal. Conan the Barbarian was actually about the trials and tribulations of women.  ...
This sounds silly to me. What could possibly cause the elimination of the written word? Books disappearing doesn't prove anything, as things just move into .doc and .pdf formats. If anything, we're...
Cuz of their extra large...... Boobs. I like INTJ boobs.
wtf happened to this thread? what is aef's list about?
Dude, this thread is fucking awesome. Can I hang out here in the INTJ section? Our sub-forum is boring, lately.  I has popcorn, and cun sharez.
Mothman Prophecies, because for some odd reason, i find it highly plausible, unlike most horror films, which are just stupid and annoying. Part of me really believes there's entities out there as...
I lulz'd at All politicians ever are ENTJs.
You dorks, where are you gonna get fuel for these things? The refineries will be shut down, sending people fighting for the last remaining hydrocarbons, mad max style!  Clearly, the only LOGICAL...
How are you with animals? I think INFJs are natural born animal lovers/dog-sitters, I've known many that did it at the side for decent cash, because the owners trusted them very much and of course...
Can you guys give concrete examples of crossing the line? Call me P, but I've met some people that had unrealistic expectations when it came to loyalty. Spare the obvious stuff like bad mouthing...
The answer is yes, don't let them tell you otherwise.  Please see this picture of ENTJs at an international business conference:  163538  (the yellow one is a crafty ENTP that snuck in)
Naw dude, Super Troopers!! Tell me an ENTP wouldn't love being a cop with that bunch....
I find that getting on with SJs depends greatly on how I express things. This is one reason why, irl, I try to say things the way that SPs express things (I call it SP-ese, the language of the...
In Soviet Russia, car drives INTP! >< sorry, had to.
ANOTHER feral INFJ? What are you guys doing, breeding out in the woods? :D welcome
You are probably over-inferring the extent to which people know you or how you behave. If anything, people are now noticing your newly found anxiety through your body language - you might be...
I actually thought about becoming a cop, but then I realized i'd get in huge trouble for turning my head to things I think are OK, such as pot use, someone beating up someone that beats their dog, or...
God made the laws that yield Biological variance. He did not will gender uniformity, he willed complexity.
Have you considered that she's developing schizophrenia? How old is she?
I'd cast my vote for the ISFJ as the sweetest/most precious...  But ISFJ men aren't precious! they're just good guys :p high five, bros!
Interrogating. I mean that personally as well as professionally.   EDIT: oh lol, this is about driving? Who are you guys kidding, y'all suck at driving :P Se/Ne doms pwn you!
You must repent by feeding half of them to a hungry possum, then you will be forgiven.
Doesn't the fact she is clearly beating herself up over being indecisive and pondering things too much point to J over P? :p  meh, what do I know though. I'm a grown man that still drinks Cherry...
Maybe you could be a stock analyst for the Pharmaceutical industry? Scrutinizing what Pfizer and Lilly are doing would allow you use both disciplines.  You could also open up, or work for, a mutual...
lulz, this thread is hilarious. It's like watching a cute kitten wanting to play with a junkyard Rottweiler.  If these responses to your let's be friends request haven't told you enough already,...
I think this depends on what variables you take into account with your logical decision to be with someone.  If you ask me, being logical about mate selection means incorporating illogical...
don't go off the cog functions, it just leads to more confusion if you ask me.  You sound ENFJ. a lot of those traits you list as evidence for ENFP actually fit better with ENFJ.
Biological Division of Labor. All this temperament and cog function stuff are attempts (most likely very crude ones) to make sense of this origin. One of your suggestions might actually be a better...
I don't understand - if all you worship is one's own self, then where do the Eleven moral codes come from, such as not harming children? If they're derived from one's own self, don't you need to...
As ruler of the house, you should make a list of arbitrary rules about when/where notes can be written, and what can be written on them.   Make it a challenge for them, such as: Notes must not...'"


5516: 'Taylor Swift is surely an ESFJ. Rational Fe-user, Has alpha values, full of naive love and not much self-analyzation. Does not focus on any certain group of people, and is more majority-oriented in a...
ENTP popping in. I'm trying to be objective here and these are just some of my observations:  ENFPs are good with people. But in relationships, it's not always a good thing. The vibe I get from...
Yeah, you give off the ENFJ vibe.
What I have seen here:  INFXs. Probably due to the p/j thing in Socionics in relation to the dichotomy MBTI tests. Same goes for any introvert p/j, but this is especially common.  ISFJs are the...
English, Estonian, Finnish, some Swedish
As an ENTP, these things in me are nonstereotypical;  1. I'm a hopeless, cheesy and corny romantic. I have to admit that Frozen brought tears to my eyes.  2. I'm a sentimental nostalgia freak. I...
1) What is your MBTI type?  ENTP   2) What is your gender?  Male  3) What type(s) do you admire/respect the most? (Why?)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoiSjVBvpso&list=PLBDFA652EC1391306&index=5
I sometimes envy ESFJs. Like... Seriously. Their social skills are thru the roof. But I would not switch, though. I'm just fine as a witty and crazy ENTP, even if I'm awkward as hell.
Yeah, another vote for XSFP.
I have to be honest here. I totally hate SJWs. They ruin everything, support restrictions to free speech, are totally ignorant themselves, claim others are nazis and refuse to listen them only...
Enfp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5C0G9Ol7_Q  Pure dope.
For compability, I vote for 4w5. 4w3 and especially 1w2 or 6s in general don't sound that good. Though my insight on the subject is not too extensive. But I am still taking sides here.  To add: I'm...
I think I'm just having a period of social anxiety or something... This issue just suddenly popped up. Been too tired or something constantly and it's draining my social skills and getting me...
Damn, I just posted a thread about basically the same thing... Yeah, I think some of us get caught up and get awkward in some situations.
I think I'm awkward at times. Like, when people ask me how am I doing or what I have been doing I just don't know really what to say and get kinda locked up. Then I either start stuttering awkwardly...
ESXPs. The unhealthy ones.
I'm more intelligent than 99% of people I'm super hot I know my sh*t I'm a total badass  and   I have a huge d*ck.  Do I have to say more?:cool: You want it rough? Huh? Let's play it ROUGH...
ISTP. I really see no way around that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXfnQDyiTNM  This instrumental really describes my life well as an 7w8 So/Sx ENTP. It's so MAAAXXIMMUUUUM POWWAAAHHHH!!!
I'm getting a horrible headache because of this functions vs dichotomies vs stereotypes war.   The functions work perfectly and match the dichotomy types if you actually know how they work.  The...
The real reason why so many people criticize functions is the harsh reality that most function descriptions are completely incorrect. When handling the function axises, you have to really just read...
Caffeine, vodka, smoking... Yeah I have bad habits.
As a child, nope  At certain points as a teenager, yes  As an adult, nope
Okay, this thread has been confusing.   First, I don't believe that an ENTP can switch judging functions from Ti/Fe to Fi/Te. That just does not happen. I have never seen anything which would claim...
In the past months I've learned the hard way that those INFJs I'm referring to are actually INFPs in many cases (blame Keirsey-based websites and mistypes). Also, It seems that actually INTJs get...
Same as usual, maybe a bit crazier. Though I think I'm less cocky when I'm drunk. But I'm prone to some heavy storytelling and lying when intoxicated, that is for sure.:tongue:
I love dancing haha. I rave hard.:perc2:
Fe thing yeah. I like gossip and gossip all the time. It's fun :laughing:
When most people get more honest when they're drunk, you will become even a better liar than when you are sober.:wink:
Magenta Dark blue Red Cyan Violet
HiNRG and Disco from late 70s and early 80s. New music is kinda meh, some rare songs are good tho.
For many reasons. Also, Ne+Ti is probably the best possible combo for storytelling in an unique way. I have written 13 books. But procrastination is a b*tch, I gotta say that. I'd still say INTPs...
1. What do you do? I wash dishes in a shitty restaurant  2. Is your job your passion? Rate your passion out of 10 (10 being most passionate), and then describe. Hell no! 0/10   3. Were you more...
Yeah, it's the most distant judging function for an ENTP. I know exactly what Fi is, but I have real problems understanding it. It's just one plain weird function.
I'm an ENTP and I loathe social media. I don't even have a smartphone. But I'm popular.
That tends to be true, unfortunately.
Well, that is how Fi works. It's quite annoying though. As an ENTP (Fe user) I don't give a sh*t if a person is authentic or not. What you have on display is exactly what you want to people to see in...
No concerete source, but that's basically plastered all around this (and other) sites. I still do recognize that IXXX are almost always socially introverted and EXXXs extroverted.
- What's your type? ENTP  - What image do you prefer? Why? The last one. It reminds me of a disco. The colors are cool and vibrant. All the other images gave me some kind of a depressing vibe....
N-S The most clear and obvious difference. Many would disagree, however. It is still necessary to say that it's not that black and white, but it has four different degrees; N-doms, N-aux, N-tert and...
Two weeks off from my horrible job. I'm glad it ends the last day of May. Then I'm free again.
...That I'm back here again. I had a two-month break from visiting PerC.
I know it's a bad cliche, but well, I have to say Tony Stark. When I'm not building a doomsday device, I'm partying. And I'm super unprofessional. Also, I once got to a really intense debate with...
I used to consider feelers as really bad matches for me, but I recently discovered that my problem was not the F-T dichotomy, but my problem with Fi-users. So, sorry all INFJs, I was wrong about you....
One of my favorite words. The fact that I have to constantly use it tells something about the majority of people. LOL
Four people overboard? Let me think.  First would go the Fi-doms ISFP and INFP. I'm not getting along with them too well.  Then the captain.  From this point, it gets a bit harder. It could be...
That's the thing. I was pretty introverted in High School. Suddenly when I hit 20, I became a (seemingly) different person. The key is just to be open with people and whenever meeting new people...
I'm absolutely unathletic. I loathe all kind of excercise. All my friends are extremely athletic but I'm the black sheep who won't do that no matter what. I'm not fat though.  Dancing at a...'"


5520: 'I'm quite sure that an ENTP can spend lots of time alone and still engage in extraversion. sounds like you think an ENTP is an ESTP
sounds like you're just immature tbh. scared to be withdrawn. you have to be able to be alone and not fall to pieces.
1) what annoys you about people?  deliberate ignorance. identitarian politics  2) were you interested in politics in your teen years?   yes, i was a debater from grade 10 all the way through...
Why are you upset about it? There must be a personal element involved, as you wouldn't be all that concerned about these women making apparently terrible dating decisions unless those decisions also...
Instrumental music, especially if it is repetitive, soothes my mind and allows me to concentrate even in the worst circumstances.  This song has lyrics but has a repetition that is quite relaxing...
:kitteh: of course :3 :kitteh:
Silence isn't necessary, but I keep my workspace in a certain aesthetic mode for a reason and do not take well to interruption or distraction. If that means listening to the same song on repeat and...
On the To Read list. From what I understand it will be quite the undertaking.
not as entirely necessary as one might imagine these days.
http://i.imgur.com/40XoeoL.jpg
was on the return leg of the trip at 7am. I was up and driving by 5am. that's early for me for sure! :tongue:
early morning trips to the airport are fun.   489442
I'm 6'1 and about 200lbs (195 on a good day). I have 2 pairs of square frame glasses and keep a short, Lenin-style goatee.  here's a quick snapshot of my outfit today: ...
I was a debater in high school and college, and I met plenty of people who fit the Cruz archetype - they were loaded up with Fe, most likely ExFJ, and knew how to use it to their advantage. Cruz is...
some quite common appearances in my playlists lately:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fa2RIlsbOvA   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdPml5QhMIA   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrunO4Nh_k0
Auditory/Verbal/Visual + Kinesthetic  When learning ideas I prefer to hear them while I write them down.  When learning a skill I prefer to hear and see it explained once, then do it until I get...
http://i.imgur.com/ntahz4z.png?1  after my most recent haircut.  http://i.imgur.com/v6EpsIb.jpg  just woke up ;)
a lie is any statement made with the intention of being deceptive, misleading, inaccurate, or false. if one omits information with the intention of being deceptive, misleading, inaccurate, or false,...
i believe the only necessary point of discussion here is the moral status of deception. what lies behind a lie (ayy lmao) is the intent to deceive. whether you are deceptive by omitting information...
i do that a lot actually, leaving the last of an odd number of lines in a different rhyme.  entirely unintentional, though. I'm not quite that smooth lol
my post rhymed, you just added style and meter.  i've been spending hella hours scribbling in my notebook, so i'm honestly not surprised i penned a rhyme like that :P
ah, to be young and new to perc.  'tis a sight to behold, a fresh ENTP raring to get down to brass tax.  as long as the oldfags are still up to the task of keeping the newbs in line :kitteh:
if i weren't single, how could i get enough quality time with myself?  but seriously, how?
I chose Male and prefer Female just because i thought it would be the least chosen category (which it was, along with female and prefer female, though F/F had a vote before i cast mine). I would say...
OG chillin back in my CS Lewis Society aka Super Awesome Philosophical Discussion Club 5000 in high school  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CB29n8cW4AAHmMg.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D3crqpClPY   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diYAc7gB-0A
bellisaurius is actually his kid!
If you're just looking for cool ideas, why not just ask for cool ideas rather than frame it as PROVE THAT UR A JEANYUS RITE NAO ?  The purpose of this thread was obviously to bait people into...
I'm insecure? I never claimed to be a genius. You're the one that came in here demanding evidence for claims that weren't made. Your style of trolling is boring and easily discovered. Please try...
Go think of your own damn genius ideas. Since when are you someone I have to prove anything to?
im ok with this gravedig because flula is a god among ESL men
i love driving! i also failed my first road test. During the parallel park, I tapped the curb with my back wheel (and when I say tapped, I mean tapped. I didn't fuck it up) and the cunty road test...
There was a time when we had really good discussions in this subforum, especially about the natures of the functions and how we see them manifesting in our lives. Nowadays I don't even bother...
somewhere between Chaotic Neutral and Chaotic Good.
I can't stress enough the importance of loyalty, as I'm sure any other ENTP would. The best advice I can give you is to ALWAYS be direct and straightforward when it comes to issues of loyalty. If you...
a 15 year old is being awkward with a girl?  flip flopping between interested and literally running away???  :laughing:  good luck getting a 15 year old ENTP to commit to ANYTHING
http://i.imgur.com/8LMZ3ym.png
Seriously. The internet has spit out some shit-tier memes, but this takes the cake. It took me seconds to figure out that they had just fucked with the lighting to alter the appearance of the colors....
1. Earn credits 2. Spend credits on items desired 3. if no items are desired, no credits are earned  result: ENTP will be surrounded by the things he/she desires but will not have a large amount...
I lasted a year at my last place of employment. In fact, it was almost exactly a year to the day. In the end, I was bored and my boss had just hired a consultant who preferred to micromanage. So I...
What is the difference between OCPD and OCD?
I hear you. I haven't worked in a public sector job, but I can imagine. ENTP's have this if you aren't gonna do it up to my satisfaction, just put it down and I'LL DO IT MYSELF UGH perfectionism...
Intelligence is generally the biggest turn on for me. The more times I think to myself ooh, that's a new word/idea/perspective. must investigate further, noted during our conversations, the more...
I used to be in the same situation as a lot of you, bored out of my mind and disappointed with the drones I was going to university with.  A year after dropping out, I'm experiencing regret for the...
A hermit who is the life of the party.  An empathetic practical joker.
I would consider these train wrecks as a kind of passive thinking, a simple manifestation of dominant Ne. A perfect storm of patterns, creativity, and potential, with nobody truly at the wheel....
While I am not an INTP, I have multiple INTP buddies who experience something similar. Pump some liquor into them and they start rambling like the world is ending in a few minutes and someone else...
Waves of water crashing on a sand castle.
When you're quick witted and can always sound like you know what you're talking about, people tend to do what you want. More often than not I just ask for what I want and it happens.
Ne Ti thinks creatively and tactically. Puzzles, problems, ideas are naturally broken down into component parts and understood in a categorized manner.  And it all happens at breakneck speed.'"


5522: 'theres different types of meditation. Mindfulness would be like focusing where you run to and its stress reducing. There's also like ones where they have you try to quiet your thoughts and focus your...
https://mindful360.com/meditation-stress-management-and-personality-type-there-is-no-one-solution/ Interesting but short article I found with entps brain and meditation
This post is hilarious but I actually relate. So many valuable friendships down the drain  because they couldn't do friends after feels :/ Girl don't worry about it, the right one won't fall for you...
I get really bad anxiety (thanks mom) and as a result, depersonalization disorder. so meditation is sort of a must at this point. It's the only thing that stops me from stupid worrying. What I notice...
568938 so sorry for the editting I got this off my Instagram but here's when drawing on paper was too mainstream heh. It was based off my obsession with lucid dreaming, I so very wanted to be a...
Oh god I fall HARD. I'm pretty obsessive and think about all the fun things I can do and how to charm them. It embarrasses me admirtting that though. I'm more flirty and sparkly more willing to...
Well here's my experience. In the beginning it was great, i found he easily caught on to my ideas and it was really fun. I loved how we just played around all the time and he was so into random...
Basic Questions: 1) Age or Age Range? 18 2) City, Country and/or Region? United States 3) Tell us something about your social life? Currently dormant 4) Current occupation and/or career...
Man Im starting to believe it, thanks!
Omg a terrible dream it was. I don't know how to explain it really but it felt like everything was pointless and I was just gonna be stuck sad and alone forever. Obviously I knew it was illogical,...
554970 woof
So basically I've figured it all out, of course after going completely hay-wire. Basically aan over emphasis of Ne-Fe, ti basically became a slave to Fe. When that happened, all hell broke lose. I...
Hey!! So it turns out I really am a Entp! Just wanted to come back and complement you on the awesome iintuiting man.
I can't figure it out. I'm either a highly detached 4w5 intellectualizing my emotions and such or I'm a 5w4 who's trying to sort out their emotions properly so she can feel them. I'm unsure however...
beyond the screen: by a broken pixel   A broken pixel in the screen zoom out I should look blue but   Instead you came across the ocean of other pixels that don't quite match my hue I don't seem...
I agree with you, I was kind of over generalizing the functions. I guess I was just trying to work out how doing certain activities that may appear anti-Ni can actually recharge you. But your right,...
I've been trying to figure out exactly what it means to recharge for the Infj.   ***In Theroy, would it be something that engages Ni/Ti rather than Fe/Se? And if that's true, wouldnt things like...
Wow it's actually quite amazing how much of a consensus there is.  I myself for years have been bottling up my emotions, I'm now paying the price with things like depression,...
What happens when you guys don't somehow express your emotions? How do you guys appear?
I think you hit the nail on the head, I  was really stressed at the time and perhaps that's how it was manifesting through my behavior. Not sure if other Infjs relate but I could imagine a consensus
Thank you <3
So alone and empty.. I've been depressed for like a year and it's not getting much better. I don't know where to go to at this point. I just wish I had a real friend
When under extreme stress, I become autistic. Usually all I can get out is a mumble and I end up appearing super awkward. Being I have school and highly extroverted friends (kill me) it was like...
Bumping this thread because In hopes to actually hear an esfp perspective on this. My mother is an esfp and I'm going through the same exact frustrations, I can barely be in the room with her at this...
I agree. I was hoping I would because then I would possibly be able to work on some sort of action plan towards emotional balance. Mbti is also super personalized when it comes to that stuff and I...
That's what I originally thought. But I take a lot of what I originally wrote back. Or at least with a grain of salt.  The thing is now that I'm in a clearer state of mind and well I feel like it's...
I use to think I was a Enfp for a long time, but that was before I got into the cognitive functions. I sometimes would test as it too. I know for sure I do not have Te in my function stack though....
Well yes.. I'm pretty sure I use ti and Fe though and like you I also experience fi and possibly si?? under stress
Hmm I think your right... I'm pretty sure I was experiencing Ne the other day though. But It was uncontrollable... So I guess that just means it's unconscious. And I'm 18.. And sure!
Well false alarm guys, that was my shadow talking! Ahhh
I guess maybe I am Infj. I just don't actually feel like I use Ni over Ne all that much.. I also feel like I may have experienced a Si-grip rather than a Se-one. Ughh I can't even tell anymore lol
More on the T side.. Although I value tact because it is a very important part of getting the truth across. I value truth more than anything. Peoples feelings and how I should act really stiffens...
Fe seems to be more of a challenge for me.. I only think about others feelings when I'm really stressed out. And your correct it's just how I go about it seems a lot less Infj.. And I'd love to share...
I'll show you instead.. I mean it's short but I went on a entire rant about something else after this. But yeah this is from my journal, I basically just use it to brain dump.  Ok so I do believe I...
Okay I'm really confused. For the past year or so I've been really depressed and along the way I found Mbti. (Again) I resonate a lot with the Infj profile and my tests had high intuitive scores,...
I agree.. I use to naturally counteract this in the way of dieting,exercise, make-up, and meditation. This was long before I knew about Se grips or even se for that matter. One day I just decided to...
I felt the same way about my Enfp. I constantly regret leaving him.. We had such a wonderful connection and actually it's been 3 years now and we still do. Can't shake the feeling and I'm pretty sure...
My goodness and who hurt you? You obviously still have some feelings to work through. Please excuse yourself off my thread.
I like your ideas! I wonder if the shadow version of ourselves is us actually just losing control over the ID. Perhaps why we become so impulsive and represent our Estp opposites. Although...
If that's true how does one actually balance them? Through which part will this balancing take place?   I can't say much more though if we are going off different definitions of the ego.
Well I imagine it as the ability to move forward in life in a fulfilling and realistic way. And haha I too imagine a see-saw! I agree that in theory it is possible but I don't think complete...
In psychoanalytic terms, the Ego isn't the self, only a part of it. The ego is the conciousness, the balance between reason and desire. So actually if one allows the super ego to predominantly...
It's not natural for us to be resorting to ti. Without the extroverted functions We become trapped in our own world and will eventually become disillusioned and probably very ill. I don't believe...
Also, through integration does one successfully balance their functions? So one finds complete peace through the Ego?   What functions also are representative of the three? (Please link any sources...
For example, yesterday I was feeling good, thinking positive. Eventually I noticed the change and I immediately got anxious and automatically returned to being upset and pessimistic. It also...
For the past year I've been constantly depressed/ stressed. I'm so impulsive it's gross, I'm also really giddy and I appear unintelligent (air headed). i become the ultimate people pleaser. I also...
*furiously nods*
As an Infj, you're going to NEED to set boundaries. I use to think this was selfish.. I couldn't stand hurting people. I mean if I'm not going to listen and be there for them.. Who will?   WRONG....
Dear Enfp guy, Freaking message me already!!!! You know I suck at starting conversations, I mean look at how the last one turned out. And ok I know I've been kind of odd lately but I really just...
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=4G3KBcE9KYY'"


5539: 'I'm not sure if an ISTP would have so many metaphors, symbolicism and  references to history and stories? ... It's like he takes pleasure to rewrite the classical stories and the well know history...
Yes - I love his writing as well - very nostalgic as you pointed out, and also he choose his words very carefully. I also love to see the historical references in his books. Both (history &...
Thank you for bringing up RR Martin's type, I've always been interested in typing authors & the way they build their world, characters & tell their stories - this tell us A LOT about the characters...
Fe is about interaction with the others - it could be about being nice, but unhealthy Fe could also be very forceful - trying to enforce the social rules or whatever the social norms should be...
Aren't Romeo & Juliet the same type? That's why they convinced themselves to have the same end with the same very Fi reasoning: us vs the world and death is the only solution. Both INFPs imo.
This - I'm a big fan of the book and never believed the XNFJ theories, I think people like her and wanted her to be their type. Elizabeth is ALL OVER place in the way she thinks, she sees lots of...
Ok thank for your help!   I don't think I'm an egomaniac... it's just we are working in a field where things change FAST so - for me at least - there is always new inputs to be added to a system &...
wastingpotential actually it's like  Tamehagane said, it's because his ideas worked, so his Ti/Si is pretty closed off to new inputs - but I think it could work for more things and better with some...
Hi INTP!  I have question, any help is welcome, thank in advance. I have this INTP colleague, he's very smart & everything, we get along great. BUT, it's very difficult to convince him of...
Anyone watching this?  Being french & loving french history, there is no way I'd miss the TV show. It's on netflix & also on BBC2. It was filmed in multiples french castle & the setting is...
Agreed with  LittleMissFreedom  Yes, Fi is about personal value, depending on your upbringing & your life experience, you can come to value social graces. And it sounds Fi the way you value being...
I think you're an NFP - ENFP or INFP  I see lots of Ne: jumping from subject to subject - cannot complete open tasks - cannot stick to schedule - curiosity - imagination - want your ideas to be...
I'm mainly watching the TV show because it's not hard to follow (& it's not the best show ever so I don't care if I miss some part of the story) & I can watch it on my second computer screen when I'm...
I just discovered Glee and I'm watching it while working from home (it's the perfect TV show for this! - lots of songs and easy to follow story)   I'm pretty sure Rachel is an ENFJ. She seems to...
Like lots of you guys here - I don't get along with most EXSPs. Especially ESTPs. I don't like primary Se in my face. It makes me feel uncomfortable and awkward in my skin.  As for the N's. It's...
PiT Thanks for your answers - seems like for NTs, Te keeps Ni in check most of the time, the same I suppose for Ti/Ne. The thinking function keeps the intuitive function in check. Dare I like how...
sparklehorsette   angelcat   typethisperson  Yes yes, agreed, ESTP for Euron in the show, he's really crazy AF. In the book, I would type him ENTP - way too loose & adventure seeking to be an ENTJ....
I think as human we as conditioned to seek-out mates with harmonious/symmetrical features because they are supposed to have better genes. I don't think the INJ are totally immune to this.   In the...
To answer  abitsilly I think some functions are easier to get along with than others, I don't think 4 MBTI letters would define our perfect match at 100% but yes, I think we usually have preferences...
This, my INTJ husband said exactly the same thing.      Songs unsung yep, it could be surprising that INTJs can be picky about physical appearance. I've discussed it multiple times with my INTJ...
god of whiNE and TIts Agreed, ESFJ with well developed ter Ne & ENTP with well developed Fe can get along great & they can help the other one develop their lower functions. I find ESFJ with developed...
So nice to read you, another ENTP female with an INTJ. I married one too, as you said, he is very closed off too - he's not emotionally demonstrative or supportive & he can be quite bossy when Te...
Thanks for this post - loved reading about the ENTP female. I think it's hard to type an ENTP female. In real we are usually not the the cliche of the argumentative/crazy ENTP. We have very well...
Yes, Hunger Games, Katniss ISTP/Peeta EXFJ - I was actually happy Katniss choose Peeta over the ENTJ Gale.  angelcat Ahah loved Alias & their ESTP/INFJ interactions.  Dark matter - Portia Lin...
brightflashes This. I used to have fitbit, but gave it up and now I'm using a Polar range product.  Fitbit is great for what you are looking for - tracking sleep and steps, it's quite accurate but...
Did you ever felt unrequited love for someone? Or had someone loving you but you don't love them back? I was wondering if unrequited/irrational love have something to do with the functions on both...
Ahah, you're an ISTP (I checked your profile :-)) I'm totally ready to believe that it comes easier to you!   For me, sport, gymnastics & Ashtanga Yoga (a difficult/intense form of power yoga I've...
1st question: very interesting answers, thanks, it helps me understand better, I used to associate Ti with system building, but I guess we are talking about different kind of systems   3rd...
You said this   I agreed with this, especially the J and SJ part I think SP are BETTER at sports, especially when we are talking about high level sports (Se), when they are interested in it, but I...
Honestly I think it's not untypical of Si tertiary - Si is very much about how our body feels, our bodily needs etc. Si needs to feel good in its body and can be VERY paranoid about health related...
Functionally speaking:   I would say the NTJs women have a few more expensive/expensive looking clothes for important occasions and plain clothes for work.  They won't have a lot of clothes, only...
Gosh, that's the cutest thing ever. We're an ENTP/INTJ couple (my husband, the dad is the INTJ, just like you), our son is an ENTP as well, daughter is an ENTJ. And yes my INTJ husband becomes crazy...
Pyrrhus of Epirus - ESTP Scipio Africanus - ESFP/ENFP? Gaius Marius - Obviously ENTJ like his nephew Ceasar with whom his was close - Even his ennemy Sulla said he saw many a Marius in Caesar....
Sorry to say that but I don't agree with your definition of Fe/Fi, I think that's why we don't agree on her typing. Fe also speaks it's mind - Fe primary can be very overbearing by speaking up its...
Love this post, especially the first page. I have to say I'm reading a historical biography right now about roman emperors and I'm mostly impressed with Augustus and also 100% sure he's an INTJ. He...
The are great for all the things mentioned above by other people It's not their quiet nature that I find weird, it's their incapability to act. Ti+Si = overthinking + impossible desire for...
Fist how do you know she has her own specific set of value? Is that something she shares in public TV interviews?  I'm a Fe user and I also have my own set of value. Fe user have common value like...
She uses Fe for sure - I can't see an Fi user being so expressive and bubbly and everything that goes with Fe. She's very outspoken and all over the place but in a nice way. It's like the hallmark of...
Agreed with the ISFP for him for ESTP for her typing, it seem to be the consensus typing as well.   I honestly can't see any of them as an INFP or ENFP - I can't see Ne. Angie is possibly an XNFJ...
Maybe the INFP even wanted to take over ... sometimes it's just their way to see things, Fi can get very paranoid for no goal/valid reason and will convince it self it's right.   Geonerd LOL that's...
That's cute. I find my INFP friends cute & nice too.  I find it refreshing an ENTP guy who's not with a nice & homely Fe girl, like, wait .... almost every ENTP guy I've ever met :crazy: Also, you...
owlsvoice  I like them as friends.   Pros: They are really smart, witty and have a VERY interesting point of view on lots of things. When our interests are aligned, we have the best...
MolaMola would love to know as well. How ENFP of you to have an idea and let other people fill in ahah - no offense.   stathamspeacoat   INTJ - when upset will withdrawn (Fi), so you feel like you...
I'm for gender equality, men and women should both be able to be called bitchy :crazy:   For me being bitchy is being rude, impolite, selfish and ignoring social graces and other people. I'm more...
They are common - but the things that makes people think we are ENFPs comes from Fe & Ne not the enneagram.   People have so many stereotypes about thinkers vs feelers. As primary Ne YES we can...
Love this. I feel like I'm not the ONLY PERSON who watches this show now ahah :-)  Margaret is obviously ENTJ - as the real Margaret probably was - she was probably one of the smartest woman of her...
Overthinker    Nearsification  So 4 packs are the upper packs without the lower ones right? Do I need to google pictures? :crazy: Sounds yummy to me.  I've always wondered if my follow ENTPs are...
It is known that the best partner for an ENFP is a Panda or a rainbow colored cat.  On a side note I don't think Fe/Fi auxiliary mix all that well - theoretically at least. Fe plays the mom/dad...
RexMaximus I like Brandon Sanderson too, ahah! I've read Elantris when it came out a long time ago and I'm reading him book since then. I'm pretty sure he's an INTJ himself - the way he construct his...
Are you sure you're not an INFP? You seem to be pretty high and excited (Ne), kind of all over the place (Ne) and very sensitive to other peoples' words (Fi), I would imagine INFJ's Ni + Ti tertiary...'"


5556: 'Conclusion by vague confirmation bias. Lazy, self-serving... could definitely be a young ENTP
Definitely an S. An N would have found the letter somewhere on this page and copy/pasted it. For future reference you can also use ALT codes, but must use the number pad. G=ALT-71 and g=ALT-103 ...
Yes I would... probably :
|Yes, because we live in a society and I understand that not everyone (ok, few) function the same way that I do. However, I do trend toward giving people what they need, not what they want. Some want...
Anyone can show me someone ELSES boobs. Also, achievements are over-rated; it's the pursuit that motivates life. The best things always remain *just* out of reach, while always giving you just enough...
And you sound like every person on social media who doesn't understand an argument, has no intelligent response, and hopes random accusations make you look observant somehow. Now if you don't mind,...
621018
It gets more interesting when you bounce between the observations of the many engaged witnesses. Observing is fun, but I'm ready to move on from this specific subject as well. Suggestions?
ISTP's are prepared to die for their poor choices, because they can never admin when they made a bad decision. He knows he looks like an idiot troll, but cant/wont stop because that is too like...
Banned for what? He's not hurting anyone here, and is kind of cute with his desperate need for validation. He reminds my of Bentley. Just too cute, yes he is. Woof.  ...
Isn't he though? Those eyes....
Is it ok if I don't read the thread? ISTPs have a strong need for recognition and appreciation, but they are loath to admit it. It bothers them when we get all of the attention because people find us...
Gerontophilia; I'm not afflicted.  They should've used Yanet Garcia.
Funny you say that. I wanted HRC to win, but kept trying to convince those who didn't hated trump, but didn't like HRC that if they didn't vote Trump would win. Given all of their responses, both to...
Predictable, as usual. Not just you, people in general.
Quoting and mentioning the same person in the same post is usually redundant.
https://media1.giphy.com/media/BDdFSaaTTjPvW/giphy.gif
Not usually, but I creeped you and could definately be convinced.
Not this again. They are already great. In fact, I reject arguments out hand that they could be greater (general speaking).  I don't know, she has me feeling Slitherin  Yup, people (especially...
Critical thinkers without mental health issues are rarely triggered. Could just be me; I have my own issues.  Not in person, no one here anyway.  There were few surprises in this election, for...
Even kids operating websites out of their parents basements provide a secure logon. It's kind of embarrassing really. Best advice is to use a throw away email address, don't include personal...
Desthro , seriously, put a shirt on ffs ;)  https://cdn.meme.am/instances/67421876.jpg
Stay the course, you sound to be developing fine. Fi isn't easy, but you're are examining your thoughts and feelings, which is a great start. Councilors, if you have access to one, are great for...
Again, that doesn't follow at all. You're all over the place. Of course others think differently, are working from a different set of knowledge, have different goals, come to different conclusions. I...
That doesn't follow at all, but I understand you are just grasping at straws.
To the world. The Econimists listed him being President as one of the top threats to the world economy. He will increase hatred at home and hatred of Americans and the west in general across the...
And this is fine if you don't care who wins between Hillary & Trump. If you don't care which one wins or loses, if you aren't significantly more terrified of a Trump presidency then Hillary, then I...
You don't really believe that with this is an original thought, do you? People have idealistically been throwing their votes away like this for over 100 years and it has achieved absolutely nothing....
You're a wet dream come true for a whore. I mean attention whore. I mean troll. I mean lonely, frustrated, angry, brat. I mean KingOfEarth, which I'm sure isn't an over-compensation for a lack of any...
He's just a childish troll, not even a good one. He might grow out of it, but I personally aren't even interested in what has occurs in his life to make him so bitter. There's always a reason people...
Yes, I do it quickly and easily. By myself I don't put a lot of thought into it, but when demonstrating/teaching I'll be very precise while I articulate the actions. It's not that hard really, but...
Ok, the truth is that most of the problems I've had in life can be attributed to my stubbornnes,  lazyness, and many excuses about why I wouldn't do it a way more likely to work out better. My last...
How do you think we discover proven methods? Give me just enough for it to start to make sense, I'll get excited about it, then I'll jump in head first and see if I prove it for myself. The more...
My horse stands too high, the fall is too far. I might not survive next time. In truth, this is probably just something I've convinced myself of and am much happier for doing so.    I can only...
Don't get me started. Seriously, for the love of all that's good and natural, dont. Ever. Get me. Started. Again. Please? I'd rather except Christ as my saviour.
I could see that. I might even resemble some of it. There's a bit of a difference though, I don't focus on protecting the victim, I focus on putting the bully in their place. I can see why you would...
I'll avoid suggesting an even stronger possibility of actual narcissism, but they do it too, and would respond exactly like you did here when confronted; pleading ignorance of the outcomes of their...
I wasn't offering an opinion, I was speaking objectively and with a basic understanding of human phycology. There are exceptions, but what you specifically described IS common anti-social behaviour...
Common behaviour for insecure, unconfident people. They have a desire to excert power over people, but don't really have any in their life, and more often than not have been victimized in some way....
#unsubscribe  You aren't so bad, ENTPs are generally a pain in the ass, but in different ways than INTPs. I definitely like working with most of you, as you are more competent than most other types...
He has half-baked, short sighted policies at best. His platform is totally based on hate, national pride, ignorance and Trust me, I'm not a politician.
I sincerely don't believe any candidate is as selfish as Trump. As for a 20% as opposed to 2%, we'll if you get that you'all have a Trump presidency. May the universe have mercy on your remaining...
If you think that Hillary is as bad as Trump, and are indifferent to which of them becomes your president, then the whole conversation is a waste of time.  I say this without judgement of whether you...
You did before, or after I mentioned it? No dont answer. I love the typical ENTP entrance: <find old duscusion, decide to enter> Nope. Now everyone else sit back while I explain to you why you're...
Game, race, whatever; no need to be pedantic. Besides, many aspects of game theory do apply to politics.  Voting anternative is a great way to achieve smug righteousness in ones unwillingness to...
You qualifications are self referectial. To be able to do the job you must be able to do the job...?  Not very insightful at all. Also... ...
Mysogeny is a very strong word. Trump's borderline, but most of America is only sexist. That different.
Do you realize that you just quoted and replied to a comment that is over 6 years old?
Are  some people seriously deluded enough to believe that he has the best interest of all Americans at heart and is not just self righteous entitled prick?  Trump Tax Records Obtained by The Times...
User name and type check out.'"


5568: 'Jamaia sorry to dissapoint you, bro... :laughing: I know that you probably don't have much else in your life right now, so I will make you happy by lying like this: Yeah, sure. You made me cry... I...
Jorji I have JUST watched Spirit. I have loved him my whole life!
Desthro No, I do not respect somebody ignorant and somebody who is insulting others. And what kind of an idiot asks do you it dead or alive animals. What is not understandable in what I said?!...
Desthro I am explaining the reasons that I became a vegetarian, because you ASKED me. Thank you very much.
desire machine I stay behind what I said. I DO think that people who cook animals like that are savages. It is a method that was used in times when people didn't even have a stove or anything... It...
C'mon desire machine I see ya all the time, ask me somethin' :wink:
Desthro I don't really understand your new question. I ADORE animals and I have rescued many, so I would NEVER do anything to hurt them. ANYTHING. I will NEVER consume a living creature. When I say...
Jamaia too late 4 that
Jamaia it is not the violation of rules. There are no rules. I hate rules and, as an ENTP, I'm the last to want somebody to obbey them, but this just had NOTHING to do with the thread. Nothing....
IDontThinkSo I don't care for u, man... :laughing:  Jamaia if you agree with me than why do you keep breaking the rules with posting this hideous video. JESUS Christ! Please answer me what's it 4.
Jamaia what the hell r u doing dude? This is not a commercial site. Stay on topic. What the hell is this video for?????!!!!!!!
Jamaia thank you for wanting me back. :wink: I am not THAT persistant. Hahah I tune in rarely... (Tune in? Wow, Tune Disney referance ahaha) WHy the hell you want to destroy your lap-top. DOn't do...
Binge Thinker thanks! To be honest, I don't really watch TV at ALL! But every now and then I like to catch up (not ketchup hahah) with a documentary about secrets and mysteries like about aliens and...
Desthro  -I literally LIVE on chocolate. That is BY FAR my favorite food. In any form: chocolate bar, chocolate cream, chocolate ice cream, chocolate pudding, chocolate candy... My friends can't...
Jamaia well thanks, but what do u mean, cause I am not a guest, nor a stranger, newbie or a rookie. I am a member. I have been on the foru for 2 months and I am very active.........?
FueledByEvil It feels AWESOME to be the minority as uniqueness and originality is the CORE of ENTPs in the first place. Also, another thing I have noticed is that there is no greater diversion than...
IDontThinkSo I don't think so... :tongue:
Hey everyone! I am Octopus1 and I am an ENTP-A.   Like any extrovert, I like talking and prefer to answer questions, than to make them! And... Like any MBTI with a tendeny to Narcissistic...
ctrlfeelings thank you
Sensational well, maybe your stepdad is an exeption, but, unfortunatelly, whenever I have to turn my concepts into reality, I am very anxious and avoid doing it because I am affraid that it may not...
psychedelicmango the songs totally gives ExTP vibe... Where did you get the nurturing, caring, motherly, responsible vibe from it? It is totally bold, energetic and life-loving. It deffinitely has...
Carpentet810 hahah you aren't that openminded for an ENTP... That is the point! You see: there were ENTPs asking me questions about being one. That way we get to make each other stronger, and learn...
Carpentet810 come on bddy join innnnn!
inverity Awww thanks... :cool: One of my best friends is INTP. We sit next to each other in the class. I have known her for 12 years, so I don't really have to WONDER how it would be like to be an...
inverity ask me some more! I feel like answering questions! :crazy:
tanstaafl28 honestly, I don't really like sci-fi movies. If The Dark Knight counts, then it would be the one, but not because of the Batman, but because of the geniousness that Joker is. Joker is one...
inverity I am SO glad you asked me that! I LOVE to talk and often people think that I am arguing even when I am not. Some people just don't get that I put 0% emotions into an argument or, as a like...
Tsubaki not until now... Hahaha! But there's one thing for sure: I will never have the feeling that I will make waffles in my own appartment! #lazy  When I want waffles or pancakes I pretend to be...
rien I see you watchin the thread. C'mmon ask me a question.
Skeletalz I am REALLY into weird stuff. Mostly art-related. So I paint, mostly modern, abstract art and I like going to galleries and seeing those kind of pictures as well. It's not really that I do...
Hey everyone! I am Octopus1 and I am an ENTP-A.   Like any extrovert, I like talking and prefer to answer questions, than to make them! And... Like any MBTI with a tendeny to Narcissistic...
I agree with your deffinition of extroversion vs introversion, but he OBVIOUSLY doesn't get his energy from the outside world. He is an obvious introvert. The thing that sways you in the wrong...
SimplyRivers Oh! Hahah!                    Please check out my thread that I linked you! Thanks.
Gossip Goat why do you think so? Because he is a celebrity? That is so shallow to think somthin like that. He is an OBVIOUS introvert. 106%. It is SO obvious. And he DOES have a high Se, but it is...
SimplyRivers It doesn't really matter that much for Luke. Jai is the cute one. BTW, what does this Egalitarian thing mean? ILI is socioncs type. I know that, since I am an ILE, RCUEI is The Big...
SimplyRivers Thank you! WOW! You are smart, you don't argue with me! :wink: Some other people here should learn to be like you! :tongue: Now tell me, isn't he cute?  DO you think that his brother...
psychedelicmango how the hell did you type me as an ESFJ? :laughing:
SimplyRivers well here is a video where he describes himself. That way you can judge best. He know himself more than we know him... Or DOES he? :wink: He is the one on the left. (He always seems to...
Sun Daeva I am glad we agree. So ISFP it is... :wink: WOW! I think that I have a thing for Fi-dom guys, like this one...
SimplyRivers PLEASE help me (develope your inferior Fe ;) ) with this, this means SO much to me. And don't get swayed away by my thinking process. Explain to me your own. Thank you! God bless you,...
SimplyRivers I am back! :tongue: I am ready to dig in OK, here is my take on Jai's personality. (Just so you know, I usually don't break it down to the letters when I want  to type someone, I do it...
SimplyRivers That helps a lot! Thank you, budd. :proud: I would like it if we could discuss it further more (you know me - love to talk ;) ), but let's do it tomorrow, ok? It is 4;17 am here and I...
counterintuitive hahaha! He doesn't get the sarcasm OMG! :laughing: I am DYING!!! :laughing: I was sarcasticly trying to be as nice as to use the words decent human being. Haha when I am being...
counterintuitive why so negative, bro? I asked for help and if you don't want to be a decent human being, than don't! Your knowledge of ENTPs is SO shallow and stereotypical, that it is painfully...
Oh, and I think that I am ILE-Ne, but I don't remember. I might do the test again.
counterintuitive so can you describe this combination, use your own words. Don't just say what I know, tell me something I don't know. :wink: And can you PLEASE HELP ME WITH THIS THREAD, PLEASE:...
A Temperamental Flutist what do you think? Say smth hahah
He was very depressed after breaking up with her, but, a couple of months later he forgave her and they began dating again. He seemed happier than ever. Then, all of a sudden, she dumped him again,...
Hey guys, so I have been wondering this over a year. I have had a crush on this guy for some time now and I was wondering if you can help me type him. I have little to no idea what his mbti type is....
ESFJ  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISiGtxsN5d0'"


5571: 'Yeah, my first relationship was with an ESFP/ISFP and I got quite bored of her after 9 months, which is when it got broke off. My second relationship was with (I think) an INFP, but I think my...
Rebel child? Not really. I think the best way to sum up my childhood is with the fact I didn't stop playing with action figures until I was twelve. It's been four years, and I still haven't found a...
Guiltless most of the time. Guilt tripping only works on me if done by eithe rof my parents (although I think most of the time, it's for the sake of keeping the peace, as opposed to a genuine...
R  YES! That's exactly it! One more reason why we're amazing, I guess. :wink:
So it may well be another perk of being an ENTP? That's pretty cool. :proud: Kind of funny that people find us so trusting though, my friends who know about MBTI consider us (and other NTs) to be...
I have this ability to make pretty much anyone open up to me when in conversation with them, it's mostly subconscious (I do occasionally do it deliberatly if I need to know things) and tends to freak...
Objection, your honour! If one is developing Ti, is it possible that they may temporarily inherit the 'rapid fire analysis' behaviour pattern, leaving them susceptible to confusion between the two...
1 - Sometimes, was much more often when I was developing Ne, Ti has tones me down slightly. 2 - Sometimes, I enjoy my own company and am very happy going out by myself, but it is fun to hang out...
Thought so!
I agree, the analytical and introspective of NTs means we're very likely to be interested. I also find I tend to doubt my type if I find the slightest piece of information that doesn't add up, but...
Aside from all the generic ENTP stuff (aside from Maths, I'm decent at it but can't concentrate enough to excel, although my age may contribute to that a bit) I'd say my talents lie in debating,...
You know you're an ENTP when you can apply Boserup's Theory to Tetris.
So going from the previously established point that most (if not all) of us tend to draw off the emotions of others a fair amount, do any of ever find yourselves empathising with fictional characters...
So I slept in a hotel last night and according to my parents, I got out of bed at 1am having an argument with thin air (apparently saying 'fuck' quite a lot', before I was told to go back to bed -...
Thank Christ, my over-complicating of simple matters was making me doubt my typing! XD
I'm ENTP 7w6 and I'm Chaotic Neutral ^_^
I was never tested or anything for ADHD, I was just called loud, talkative and very imaginitive quite a lot, as well as being hyperactive a lot. I was lucky that my parents/school encouraged...
SOME of the people whose ideas set off revolutions. You seem to be forgetting your friendly neighbourhood ENTPman.
Thank you! I'll try and talk it out with her when I see her next. :proud:
The one that would probably kill somone out of sheer curiousity xD
I tried posting this in the relationship section, but couldn't get anyone interested, so I'll try again here. xD  I'm greyromantic, and there's this girl I've been semi-dating for a few weeks now....
Can't help but feel your outlook and method for approaching and enticing romantic relationships might be slightly flawed, but whatever...
I prefer the Framing Hanley cover, the lyrics may still be dumb, but the they improved the hell outta the music!
Well, I see ideas in everything everywhere. Whether it's story ideas, ways to make things more efficient or just a witty one liner, there's always something floating around in my head. I also think...
The whole thing about ENTPs being awful with emotions by default/being very unemotional is wrong. We do have emotions, we're just not very expressive! :tongue: I'm also hearing more and more about us...
I myself am researching biological/chemical weaponization, reading Deadpool, listening to The Mars Volta, debating religion, writing a historical creative writing piece and studying personality...
So yesterday evening, I had an 'it seemed like a good idea at the time' moment...  Basically, my drama group and I were having a performance that night, and whilst out with some friends...
In no particular order: Donnie Darko O, Brother Where Art Thou? Fight Club Trainspotting In Bruges Air America
Eh, if I warm up to someone enough I can get quite cuddly, but that doesn't happen very often. :proud:  EDIT: I'd also have to be in a very close relationship with said person.
Anyone got anything in relation to his MBTI?
Hopefully, you won't be surprised to know that you really covered your options there. I think the best way to go about this is to examine his cognitive functions and work out their order, that should...
Is your friend very down to earth, fact driven and living in the moment, or away with the fairies, possibility driven and thinking about the future a lot?
Sounds to me that you're describing one of us ENTPs. Don't worry, we're great. ^.^
Yep, pretty much as soon as external stimulation is reduced it's BAM! daydream time. So yeah, we're not crazy! ^.^
We do love a challenge! :wink:
From my own experiences - and the replies to this thread - I'm pretty sure it's a common thing for ENTPs. I also tend to reflect upon past, present or potential future situations and play them out in...
Very good point, and as proof that our topics of interest aren't always concrete, I enjoy studying philosophy (with logic and objectivity, obviously) and I have an INFP buddy who loves the sciences. ...
Heh, that happens sometimes... :unsure: To be fair, dogs are magnificent creatures! :proud:
I got ENTP: E=68% N=100% T=70& P=100%.
What do you mean there is no plan!?
ding, ding, ding we have a winner!
My apologies if there's been a similar thread created previously, but I was curious as to whether there are any themes regarding ENTP morals and how we justify our actions. Obviously, we won't all...
You do realise that there's a difference between arguing with people and making yourself look like a complete tit, right?
Funny, most ENFPs I know understand that we are lacking in the department of agreeing with people, especially with incompetent people, such as yourself.  Good day. :wink:
Hello INFJ and welcome, however I believe you have us misconstrued. If you're looking for a site with discussions and debates, then I'm afraid you're out of luck - we're all really boring and hate...
Rooting for some TMV fans here! If there are, what're your favourite songs/albums by them? :D  Mine are: Songs -Goliath -Ilyena -Soothsayer -Vermicide -L'Via L'Viaquez -Eriatarka
Yeah, I have the same. It's really interesting actually, although it can get quite annoying when most/all of your friends are over emotional.
I myself enjoy multigenre music that manifests itself with lots of elements of rock, punk or metal, crossed with other genres such as jazz, electronica, country and salsa.  Also, for a band to be...
I drift a lot. I 'get on' fairly okay with most people, but I usually get bored of them fairly quickly, or they find me very intense - usually both!   I used to never really have a specific group...
It wouldn't matter if we all sucked or if ENTJs were the shit and the rest of us were just shit, it doesn't make the differences any less interesting. :p'"


5579: 'Some important things to note.  Just because someone is an S does not mean they won't show some intuitive traits. We are all human, and all humans have the ability to intuit, even sensing...
Gotye?  Innovative songwriter/composer. Has a current massively popular song that is pretty much about Si.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UVNT4wvIGY  Oh and totally looks like The Joker.
I was replying to the post above you. Sorry I missed this one.  Any type can be goofy. It mostly depends on the levels of the functions. Watch the show and you'll see him all the time have...
Woah woah woah. Wait. No.  1. Sokka, ESTP not ENTP. The whole quest for him is about learning intuition. I love Sokka, I would love for him to be an ENTP. But he just isn't.  2. Iroh, INTJ. So...
It can be. Choice is a very defining aspect of who we are. If I choose to smack a kid in the face, people around me are going to think I'm not a very nice person, but maybe the reason I did it was to...
I've read it before. I like that website, I understand their argument. And they might be right, I'm not saying with 100% certainty that they are wrong. I never say anything with 100% certainty. ...
This is my answer for this.  the Brit Dane Norwegian Swede do not own fishes. However the German could own anything, not just a fish. Who has the fish is indeterminable because THE fish is...
I've noticed a lot people like to type people as an intuitive when they;  -Are creative/innovative -Are mysterious -Have great foresight -Have a unique outlook  And a lot of people want to...
Three commonly mistyped ENTP's, I'm pretty sure all these are NOT ENTP's.  Barrack Obama - ENFP Jon Stewart - INTJ *seriously, go watch an interview where he steps out of character.  Stephen...
Pretty sure Matt Bellamy is an INFJ. Jerry Seinfeld? Isn't he an ISTJ? At least he has Te not Ti see for yourself---v    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzhypkGmdBA
I have two questions for you lynette1811, what type do you want to be, and why?
Oh yeah. That is one reason I loved it. Sokka (ESTP too right?) had the same lesson during the Sokka's Master episode where the master showed him how to use Ni to make his Se even more useful.  Or...
*cough* INTJ INFP do not have the same functions as INFP's have Ne/Si and INTJ have Ni/Se. *cough*
Wow. I just watched the two episodes... could they spell out she needs to learn how to use intuition any harder?
I'm reading a lot of both INFP and INFJ in your answers.  The two types are mistaken a lot, just like any xxxP/J pair. (<-that sounds like I have some very naughty pajamas.)  If you feel like...
Have you ever read The Vampire Lestat? Basically when Lestat and Armand meet for the first time, it is a war between Ne vs Si. Lestat accuses Armand of having little to no imagination, to being a...
So I've been reading The Vampire Lestat recently... and it is really shocking to see that a large portion of the book is pretty much Ne vs Si. If anyone feels like helping me type some of the...
It has been pretty thoroughly established that Robert Downey Jr. is an ENTP. Tony Stark, ENTP. Sherlock, ENTP. Guy in Natural Born Killers, ENTP. Chaplin... I don't know, but I'd guess ENTP as well....
Oh and the main villain, I typed him as an ENTJ during the movie, but in real life he is an ESTP.
I typed Sherlock, in this movie, as an ENTP. Watson as an ISFJ, he doesn't regularly think out loud, and tends to react with feelings rather than thinking. ISFJ is the true opposite of ENTP.  I...
Everything we do relies on past experiences. I believe personally that Si is more about separatism, the focus on the word past in everyone's description of Si is a little misleading.  Si is...
Let's take, for example, Dr. Manhattan. If you watch the movie or read the book, most people type Dr. Manhattan as an ENTP.  However, Pre-God Dr. Manhattan is actually a ISTJ. His becoming God-like...
...I know what Asperger's is. Even if he does have it... that doesn't mean his usage of Si isn't 100% clear.
I see so many people arguing between INTP and INTJ for Sheldon... it makes me think that many people on this website have no idea how to type people.  Sheldon is the clearest example of an ISTJ...
Really think Zooey is a ISTP in real life. People aren't regularly casted to play one type unless they are that type. I really don't see her as having Fi at all... watching her interviews, I see her...
But this isn't really the point of the movie... its not a love story, he doesn't end up with Summer. Its about learning from being with someone who was wrong for both of them.  Summer wasn't a...
She is extremely clearly a ISTP. Look at her, she has TP face.  She doesn't talk, act, move, think, project, glow, or whatever you want to place here like an INTJ. She is such a feelings inferior...
Tom - INFJ: I really don't see him as a thinking inferior. He has big plans, but is having trouble adapting them to reality. The guy likes to think. And whenever he is thinking out a problem, he...
Promise  Nothing could be a sign more of what creeps in the dark days ahead than the promise, Everything will be alright.  Everything will be OK.  The prophets have vanished from the...
Two and a Half Men.  I can't get through two and half minutes.
As I read this one, I read Ne, Si, Fe, Ti, Fe, Ti, Fe, Ti. :P  On a second note. It is OK if I post a few poems here right?  Easy to Smile  My mind burns raw poetry.  I squeeze it into...
The Body  The body lay in shimmering blood. Flies; licking the pale white eyes, cleaning their plates. The iris once flooded with color,  faded,       lightly bleached in the rays of the sun. ...
I thought because, it being Halloween and all. Halloween themed typing!  Jack Skellington - ENTP (clearly) Sally - INFJ or INFP. *I kind of want her to be an INFJ so I'm slightly bias* The Mayor...
Having met Tommy Wiseau in person, I can tell you for sure that he is an ESFJ.
It's really pretty simple. T is logic based, F is based around what is good.  Let's say we gave a Fi user, and a Ti user the same puzzle to figure out. The Ti user will look at the puzzle, try to...
One of my best friends is an ENTJ, and all he ever thinks about seems to be what is best for everyone. No feelings involved, just what is going to the best thing for everyone. Morals aren't really a...
Rick - ENTJ Shane - ESTJ - Both Shane and Rick are feeling inferior. Their whole conversation at the beginning of the show talks about that. The reason you see a ton of feelings going on with Rick...
I kind of think he is an ISTP. But it is hard to tell. He is very... extroverted in a creepy way. He doesn't care what people think or feel about the things he says... hmm.
I have given some thought to it... I still don't know. He is a IxxP, either feelings or thinking inferior, it is hard to tell which. And I don't know if he is N or S, probably S.
He doesn't naturally use Ti. It is something he learned to do because he isn't normal. Anytime you hear him speaking thoughts internally, that is Ti, and you hear it a lot in the show. He is supposed...
This is my best guess for everyone in the show.  Dexter - INTJ  Debra - ESFJ - Very much Fe dominate. During the first season you see how much she doesn't like thinking, how easily and...
Dexter is very clearly a T. Unhealthy INTP's and ENTJ's are often confused for F's because of how visible their emotions can be because of their inferior function.  This is my three step process of...
Ice truck killer - INTP  I think you're right on most of them, and for some I'm still trying to figure out. Mostly Angel. The one I really don't think is right is Debra being an ESTP. Its possible...
When he is not being insane, when he tries to act normal, you can see INTP coming out. He acts a bit more like an S when he is trying to kidnap the girl in the beginning, but really he was using Ne...
Good point sir. I'll probably revise it if I get around to it.  Also keep in mind that most of this post was to get the thoughts out of my head and maybe learn something while writing.
Honestly I have only seen one mad Fe inferior, an ISTP. I mean, mad. As admitted I don't have a very good grasp on what it looks like.   And also honest, when I originally posted this I forgot the...
I know what he is thinking almost every second of the show. However, it might be because he is my shadow. I've considered this. I don't know.
Well, I know why people think he is an I, because the actor himself is an I. The actor is very much an INTJ. And saying that he is Fe inferior... I just... don't see it. I don't see any amount of...
Submitting to evidence.  Don Draper: I have my life, and it only goes in one direction; forward.  This is said to his younger brother, Alex, in the episode 5G. In this episode, his brother...
I really don't think Jeffery Dahmer is an N. I think he is clearly an ISFJ.  The main thing about typing serial killers is seeing their inferior functions. How they kill... it expresses that. ...'"


5589: 'My friends are trying to set me up with a girl whose a year older than me. Why does it feel weird? How are some people okay with? Is there a way for me to be okay with it? This has been bothering me...
Are there any Entps who have a job dealing in computers i.e. computer programmer, computer engineer etc.?
I consider myself a fast but cautious driver(hehe...Enfp contradiction). I get cautious when I think a cop is around. I am a very confident driver. I think I am very skilled. I never follow the speed...
I honor you for opening up. Remember that these walls are negative thoughts or more like perceptions that you have about yourself. These negative beliefs are not true. I would advise to try cognitive...
I actually see the word Beef in my head and then an emotion towards it, but just the word. After that I would see some faded picture of a beef with not so much quality. I have a feeling I have a...
I know this question may sound weird, but what do you first see when I say the word beef to you? Do you see a picture of beef or....? After I get a few post answers I'll tell you what I see.
Are you left brain or right brain dominant? I was just thinking that as I get older and my Te function develops I think more logically so I use my left brain more. Do you guys get that too?
I'm mostly an audio learner and there are certain that I am a visual learner in.
Hey you guys, I was just wondering if anybody here is interested in linguistics and is actually working as one. Anybody out there majoring in linguistics? I was just curious because I really like...
Who said, when life gives you lemons make lemonade? I've been checking on google but couldn't find it.
I'm with them. It's really weird because I was never able to explain it to my friends. They just never understood.
I think that one my friends is ENFP and he can be annoying sometimes.
Do some of your ENFP friends think your weird? or better yet do ENFPs think that other ENFPs are weird? because I have a friend who I think is an ENFp but everytime I say something that I think is...
I used to do that go to every person and just overthink it as you put it.  Now I started this new system, but its a little hard. I tried just following thru with whatever comes first in my mind. It's...
I feel like I'm the one out of all my friends who have an issue in making decisions. But I still feel like everyone has this issue of making decisions whether it be big or small. Is ENFp the only...
Are all ENFP's the life of the party? I'm been seeing this line aassociated with ENFP for a long time. Is it true?
Lol, shalom!
whatever he said .
I happen to be a Jew. You could know me. lol  I love people who are open to different nationalities and cultures.
How could it be that Si is focused on remembering everything you see. I happen to have a good memory like I'll know my friends number even though I saw his number once. I think I just might have a...
Enfj right here ! I never thought there were other people who think like me until I came to PerC and I am glad that I stumbled into PerC.
As an Enfj, I fear that the my world of friends will fall apart and there will be no more harmony.
Okay, I'm trying to figure this all out. How would I know if I'm using a Dominant function over an auxilary function. For example, I'm an ENFJ so I'm Fe dom but how do I know I'm not using Fe as an...
Just throwing this out there. I just got an idea after reading all the posts. It looks like it doesn't matter how much time introverts or extroverts spend socializing. It looks more like how they...
The thing is thats exactly what made me think that I may be an introvert because I am quiet around a crowd with other loud people.  I might as well add another question if a person is loud in a...
I tend to do that too. It's also funny because all I have to say is one sentence and the whole conversation goes to different direction as you put it. I love PerC I get to find people who actually...
Okay fine. I'll read, but most of the time I don't understand what's being said. Edit: Nevermind I got what I was looking for
Okay Im a type 2 ennagram and I was wondering that maybe I'm EnFP becuase I test for Enfj but i dont know. I'm so confused:unsure:. So i tried trying to figure out what is my dominant function, but...
I'll give this a try:  Cube= I see a blue cube sitting in the middle of the dessert.  Ladder= I see a red wooden ladder right next to the Cube. Flowers = I see a bunch of roses right in front of...
As noche said just keep on talking them people like talking about themselves. I am not saying people are being selfish its probably just people know about themselves I guess. Good Luck!
you know you are enfj if when you are left alone at home you blast music in the house because its too quiet
I would rather be in a party then stay at home but I'm shy that's my problem
This question has probably been brought a million times here but I'm just curious how many of you guys have friends who think that you are introverted? I have many friends who think I am...
Hey you guys! I was just wondering are you actually introverted and like to spend time alone or is it that you guys are afraid to speak up because of what people might say? I am asking because I'm...
when youre talking to your friend for a while and then you randomly say something in the middle of the conversation and they go,huh?.
nevermind I just found other threads that helped me out.
we try having a thread for functions, like You know when you are Ni when you... I don't if its been done. Sorry if it has. Okay onwards..
i was asking more of what type of function is she using? If anything?
well, my sister's is into dogs. So i was just wondering is there a certain which is more into loving dogs? She looks at dog pictures online and really wants one but my dad is allergic. so what type...
Nighty- lol, thats exactly what I do when I'm around people. I always feel weird afterwards because maybe somebody noticed me doing it. Its good to know somebody else does it.
I do exactly what you said. At parties I go to the lone or shy ones first and then work my way up. I try to get to know everyone. My birthday is a time to hang out . It means something but it...
Im very good in math. I enjoy it sometimes but i can't take the idea of sitting at a desk all day. ughhh
I mean trying to give attention to each kid and meeting all there needs. Making the right plan for them. Making them interested. Those type of things.
Thanks man I'll know to who to go to when it comes up:happy:
That gives me idea. It might make a good hobby for when I'm bored. Now what do i draw....
I don't know if this is the right to say if people agree that would be goodbut I guess let things just be for a while till everything settles down after the birth and when times passes past the...
Its very hard to get over it and the problem is that it happens all the time. I just take the criticism and cry about it on the side or I try thinking about something else.
Its not that I hate art. Its just that I can't draw so I'm not really into it but I would probably learn if I had a chance.  P.S. I doodle does that count? :)
I would for sure do that if it came to making people happy . :)
Thanks for your answers u guys.  I really appreciate it . It put some of my confusion of what I wanna do in life in percepective because I like math but I don't want to sit in an office all day . I...'"


5593: 'Or, better yet, solve that server lag problem!
ENFPs can often be passive-aggressive.  ExTx have low tolerance for this behavior from my experience.
Sounds like a scene from the walking dead :happy:
Who does this usually apply to? Frenemies/random people/SOs?  Should I be concerned about opening myself up in a relationship? :rolleyes:
If the movie is good, I get totally absorbed by it and cry during soppy scenes.  The Judge was really touching.
Hmmm.. I have this feeling that my sweet male friend who I thought is an ENFP can be ENTP after all lol.
Clinginess is a turn off but as someone said here already, it all depends on the person. As a female, I'm ok with someone texting me etc more than I do and I like it a lot when guys are confident and...
Call the INTP tech guy of course!    All right, that was the obvious one, I know.    Here's your legit answer: 314905
Scichick I think shutting people out is our knee-jerk reaction - and it can be pretty effective at not letting people hurt us but it is often not the best decision relationship-wise. I'm not saying...
But you're leaving! Do you still want a relationship with him? Unless you do and you talked about this, it's you who is breaking up with him. If he feels he needs to break up two weeks sooner, why...
We have A LOT in common but with their Te they strike me like a more serious/mature/intimidating version of ENTPs. He is also the only person who could beat me in pretty much everything we tried. And...
What stopped you?:/ I had a crush on an ENTJ. The only type that can make me feel nervous - think ENTP turned INFP. :dry:
You call it entropy - we call it entifragility :happy:  Antifragility - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
I like it when someone can call me out on my bs without having to resort to 'you're wrong'.
Yep, just what I thought :wink:    :happy:
Lol you're sooo missing our main point about this whole conversation you started it's not even amusing any more :rolleyes: She's neither ignorant at best, nor dishonest at worst....
There may have been several layers of sarcasm! Such a shame I can't understand what you're talking about.  The difference is not semantic, when someone says 'maybe' you still give the person a...
Sarcasm? I don't know what you're talking about. Nothing that I said was either emotional or incorrect (saying that something is dishonest at worst is actually stronger than saying that something may...
Running out of people to talk to pretty fast, aren't we?  If you are that interested in Fi/Fe clash just go back and reread the posts above. She clearly wanted to help you to the best of her...
Lol so true! I saw your signature and tried to think of a vanishing spell from Harry Potter.. Couldnt remember any though:/
Your life - your standards. Period. Don't let anyone guilt you into anything. You acted that way, she walked away, not a big deal.
That list was for illustration only! Not as quintessential ENTPs lol. And I do like those rare moments when you see our type portrayed in fiction because when done right, it can give us a lot of...
Yeah, that's also really fun reading about the two of you because I can usually relate to both. :)  What about the time when you really needed to get somewhere on time/ do something important? How...
I got the impression that you're still hooking up with this one and you also had the emailing one problem so that would have made at least two.  I've always been curious about such match myself.
How many entps have you dated in total?    It's hard to say whether she'll agree without knowing the story but if she does she'll most likely keep her word. Tell her that you expect her to keep...
Soup of the day.  Provided that there is a lot of variety in the menu of course.
Because when introverted versions are always good, someone has to play the evil part.
If only I came across this forum several years ago.. Just think of all that time I could have saved on writing essays :crying:
It looks like you hit the ceiling here. You want something more but just talking likely won't get you where you want to be in terms of relationship. From what you wrote here, he sees you as a...
Wait, whaat? Then what's all the hype about? I gave up on the book after their first sex scene.. Too disturbing.. Being bombarded with all that stream of consciousness in that girl's head, that...
I can only hope that neither of them is one of the masks you guys are notorious for:)  None of them seems good as a partner! The avoidant type is likely to make it further up the relationship scale...
So, I've looked through the links posted by  Tzara and one of them mentions a test to see how developed all of your 8 functions are: Keys 2 Cognition - Cognitive Processes  The idea here is that...
Maybe I spend too much time near croissants? Hmmm... :rolleyes:  As for visual contact, it's more like when you're interested in someone across the room and your eyes naturally go back to that...
Yeah, pretty much everywhere. Not sure if it's just me personally, but I really like physical activity - a bit of pretty much everything - depending on the mood/weather/friends as well.   I like...
Lol Thanks! That's what I've been looking for:)
Yes I am.. In a way. I ran across a thread/article on the intj forum that types their 2% of the population into different groups. I'm more interested in trends here.  And I'm interested in this...
hey there! I'm new to this forum and have a feeling that this must have already been discussed somewhere (could you share the link if you know a similar thread?) but still: Why do you think we have...
You.are.so.sweet.:happy:
Find a feeler and do you best to understand them and make them feel comfortable around you. No usual ENTP stuff. Make them talk and really listen. Just make it all about them - try to analyze what...
Lol.. sounds serious
Are you sure you get enough sleep?
Driving itself - yes! But all the hassle that comes with having a car - noooo thanks.. Finding a parking spot.. (I live in a big city and the nearest parking would be a 3 min walk from my place).....
Lol but THAT voice and that facial expression.. I just remember my never ending frustration with all Disney's supposed role models as a kid.. As for HP, yeah, but I remember it started with 4+ book?...
Harry Potter? Come on, nothing can beat little mermaid.
Second that! It's all about the person, not the activity. Although a regular change of scene for dates is a must.
I guess he meant all movies that include at least two scenes of people showing romantic feelings toward one another while there is slow music playing on the background. Including those where they've...
Well, I'm trying to type someone who seems to be either ISTJ or ISFJ. He told me that he HATES romantic movies ('like what, Bridget jones?' 'Yeah, ESPECIALLY like Bridget jones'). I know it probably...
Hi ISFJs! The title pretty much says it all. Female ISFJs are welcome as well - I just think that we women may be more predisposed to them regardless of type. So, what do you think?:)  EDIT:...
I usually actively dislike main characters in books or movies. They always tend to be either too goodie-goodie or incredibly stupid/messed up.  I was hooked up on the game of thrones the second they...
This:    I don't think it has anything to do with whether you share interests or not. It's just that someone else (both your friends, not his as it seems) tried to impose themselves on him. I bet...'"


5599: 'Yeah the 80s are really an ENTP goldmine. We usually like super cheesy or super dark and deep. A lot of ENTPs might act like that they only like that deep dark stuff but honestly we LOVE super cheesy...
This thread is for you to vent on the type of people you hate...  I hate you!! Person who brings 40 items through the 10 items or less supermarket lane!! Ahhh that is sooo annoying, you can't be...
Actually I will relay this because it was funny. His grandfather asked him now that he is eighteen what rights does he have? He said, Well, I have the right to vote now but there isn't anybody worth...
Funny this thread became active just now, He turned 18 today. So, I can take him to a strip club now!! hahaha. INTJs are funny they take everything so seriously. The main point is I am worried the...
still pulling from the karate kid pool of cheese, breaking out the cheez whiz...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oomCIXGzsR0
I have to admit I am sucker for cheesy songs. I wanted to start a thread so everyone can reply with their favorite cheesy song. However, the cheesy song should be a song you know that is cheezy but...
319194
The number one quality I look for in a person is kindness. Not kindness by default of lack of understanding, but true kindness. In this day and age true unselfish kindness is the rarest quality IMO.
You should watch the documentary about my penis, it is really short. :rolleyes:
Evolution as taught is a very simple form of what I believe to be true evolution. Darwin was able to figure out his theory by going to a remote island that allowed less variables to effect the...
wow that is pretty impressive. I always found math to be boring and cool at the same time. I actually never took it as far as I should of because, well it can be boring. I remember in my younger...
Please explain? I would think that ruling out any definition of genius would open up discussion. So you are saying if I require an IQ score of 140+ that would be better?  Genius can't be defined,...
Great post! Perfectly describes what I think most highly intelligent people feel. The hopelessness of the future of mankind when understanding that the solution is impossible when dependent on the...
You misunderstand my post. I respect your intelligence. I just want you to feel free to dump your ideas. Honestly I really want to hear your ideas, truly! However, it seems you have been conditioned...
Does not learning about the ideas of great philosopher and tearing them down not motivate you to come up with new better ideas? I think that is basis of every new idea. Questions continues...
Man I get it. It is lonely being genius sometimes. The fact that you are desperate to talk to someone who might understand you is intoxicating. However, Read my last reply.
your submissions, IMO, are just repetitive. You use complicated language/semantics to repeat the same idea. Confusion of intelligence. I understand you are probably feeling a little alone...
You can't understand why I created this thread, I totally believe that. Honestly, I was aggressive to weed out people who didn't truly believe they were genius. Most people with genius ideas are...
Your replying with aggression to a genius thread is insecure. This thread is not trolling but trying to weed out unwanted replies, obviously I have failed.
I don't know if I am genius however I find myself alone when discussing my ideas. For example, I think dark energy is probably a living thing that can't be defined yet because of our lack of...
Actually that reply wasn't directed at you. You actually provided a valid point. Also, saying you are genius at being yourself is actually more inline with the point of this thread. I think a lot of...
Then why reply to this thread?   Also, I believe you are correct that most people don't think are geniuses but like to portray they are, mainly the NTs.
Hence why I said I didn't want a definition of genius just reasons why the poster thinks they might be genius. I am sure if a fish thought he was genius he would not reply that he thinks his/her...
I love how everyone indirectly implies they are genius on this site, but everyone runs with their tails between their legs when challenged to just provide some experiences of your genius.
I am sorry you are insecure. You don't have to prove anything to me, actually I prefer people like you with nothing to add to not even reply. Last I checked, I didn't force anyone to reply.
It was implied that any response was the poster's definition of genius. I said I didn't want the definition of genius. I just wanted anyone's past experiences that they feel demonstrates genius or...
seriously? I don't want your definition of genius, I want your personal ideas that define you as genius.  I figured I would get these replies. geez
well can you login as your genius and give a reply of some substance? I know I come across as patronizing but I really would like subjective, non judgemental replies of personal ideas that the...
Wow, what a great thread. As a musician who believes true music is about feeling the song...I humbly submit these..   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mb3iPP-tHdA  ...
Step up!!! I've read your threads(though I smell the undertone of stank pretentious.) I have already read the replies to this post about defining genius and the quantification of intelligence, no...
...with a spreadsheet and a 12-sided die!
I am not sold you are ENTP but I do understand how an ENTP can have the emotions you have described. However, IMO, they really aren't your emotions/feelings. ENTPs seem to have such a high empathy...
Oh, one more thing, if she is a true ENTP 4w5 you can't catch her. Meaning, give up on defining her, putting her in the box, trying to guess her next move. You will be trying to catch the wind. The...
I am an ENTP that is also 4w5. Personally, you probably hit the nightmare jackpot, lol. Basically, an ENTP 4w5 is borderline insane. We are ENTPs with raging creativity. It is a bad combo, basically...
An INTJ accusing another type of not having feelings?? I have heard it all now!!!
I went to this site called PerC and clicked on a thread about what's the most untraditional way you've met a friend? thread, and my reply was so witty and funny that the next morning I logged into...
Easy ENTJs. I hate their rules, I hate their close-minded ideas, I hate their bad uptight sense of humor, and what I hate most of all, is that the majority of them have above average intelligent yet...
Wow, your ENTJs' responses are just sad. All this time I thought your rigid exterior lent to a crazy life changing sexual experience. Well, at least we still have that tasty martini. :perc2:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpbZDKMqroI
This...   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaoLU6zKaws
Lumping giftedkids together is such an idiotic thing!! hahahaha I really can't explain how counter-productive it is to classify a gifted child. It sounds soooo hippie but a gifted child needs to...
I am always super intrigued and super suspicious of any ENTP with a sexy avatar. It really isn't an ENTP trait to be upfront sexy, it is always a confident undertone that is subtle. Are you sure you...
Actually INFPs are great when in comes to this sort of stuff. Verbal apologizing is honestly not the best way to go with an INFP. In my experience the best thing to do is lay down an action of...
Actually this thread is very personal to me, if you actually have a gifted child, especially an ENTP gifted child, the best thing you can do is take them out of structured education. A gifted child...
Being afraid of romantic or platonic relationships is a bad trait. People are one of more complex things you well ever experience. Being gifted, IMHO, is trying to explain the unexplained. Mixing...
Honestly the problem is that ENTPs are like every other type, we are all at different levels of self actualization. However, unlike other types, ENTPs progress through the different stages at...
Close, but replace rhinestones with rhinoceros and I think you are well on your way!!!
Being INFP helps...
<-----pours gasoline all over this thread then eats a box of matches. Drinks 5 more shots. Waits 10 minutes, then pisses all over this thread and laughs as it is set ablaze!! :kitteh:
I know I am ENTP because I hate this thread and all the other types started a petition to not allow me to select any other type. The mods actually disabled my combobox to select another type.'"


5602: 'See, this doesn't sound anything but sane and reasonable to me - to view life this way, not a disorder. Btw, I didn't listen to the video or click it because I assumed it was not worthy of my time....
Similar to how Spotify and YouTube make suggestions?
Sounds to me like your concept is strong; one of those things where, after the fact, one would ask themselves how come this hasn't been done already?.  Do you have plans to jazz up the appearance...
I'm not sure about Sally, she goes through a teenager phase but she seems to handle things okay. I mean she manages emotions, but I didn't get the sense that she was disproportionately self...
I thought Ginsburg was the dark haired live-in boyfriend. The art directory guy was Peggy's work colleague, but I think he always hoped to be more than that? I don't remember if they had any Romance...
Hey, friend, haven't seen much of you lately. Yes we are both still around perC! Until you mentioned me, I was not aware of being honored for my 3,000 post - rite of passage.  I see cafeBot has a...
I forgot about him. I was thinking of the guy with the beard who was the art director - he reminds me of my uncle who was only eight years older than me and went to art school.  I recognize all the...
Peggy and Joan are sort of like the plot within the plot (the politics) - but that's my interpretation.
I couldn't find the right clip but my favorite Don scene is when he is in a 60's beatnik poetry place, and he calmly tells off the ENFP (save the whales kind of guy), saying that he (Don) blows up...
I like how Roger seems to know how to steer people, especially Don. I get more out of this show than you because I was born in 1961. A lot of this is about how people behaved in that time, the whole...
He got someone interested as an investor. How many YouTube subscribers do you have? Thing is, most people seem to get better at videos as they do more of them. The important thing is to put yourself...
What do you think about Gamer Gate? You can say whatever here . . . . i have no reason to hold any opinion against you. Do you think women in gaming is anything to consider, or should they simply...
I love don Draper. I don't mean a crush, I mean I sort of identified with him, or wanted to. Everybody's got a theory for the deeper meanings of the show. But I've heard people describe him as...
I wouldn't consider it shady that you could find patterns of what people like that might help you make new games. I'ts not like you would be selling to somebody wanting a mailing list or anything...
@boblikesoup Do you mind me asking what kind of tracking you are using or data collection methods? I mean it has to be quite valuable to find out what people like to play.
Drunk Parrot goes to therapy and makes a logical definition for behavior he will choose not to do.   That doesn't mean we don't like to explore what goes on in ourselves and where something doesn't...
Okay.   I already discussed things about brain functions and emotion. If psychology decides that the conditions associated with psychopathy are not a disorder - does that mean the conditions were...
So you think gay-ness is not real . . . . . but you want me or Drunk Parrot to argue with you about what is real?
welcome to the hotel California....cation?
@hornet You construct whatever you want to . . . like I'm so tired of that phrase (socially constructed ) sure  . . . .  is a fork by any other name still a fork?  You are the one who wants to talk...
What exultation of evil? Maybe that is what you want to read into it? Evil?
You said Psychopathy was not real.  I show you that it is.  Why ARE you here?
@hornet You missed my point? We can't as yet, be inside another person's experience (any humans, or animals for that matter).   We don't even know at what point it might be possible for a computer...
There is a difference between say, a doctor who compartmentalizes to do his or her job better by choosing not to focus on the other's emotions and tragedies, vs the person who seems unable to tune in...
It definitely works. Makes you look the part.
@boblikesoup awesome image management or identity thing you did, just a few months ago!? Wow, great choices for your background and hair. I'm still agonizing over this myself. Your map idea is...
@melody5697 Don't know if I can add anything more to help you on your questions at this point. As far as tests (for personality) at school, you might have to just play along. It seems to me, that you...
notice how we are all hanging around here now . . . . . . . . . . . . I'm leaving this page open, even though i'm watching YouTube
What made me think of this, (the actual experiences were a while back) - but Al Pachino has a speech in a movie where he is in a gamblers anonymous meeting, about how a gambler might like the...
These kinds of discussions make me wonder if my problem is emotional, sexual. or gender role related - or what.  A million years ago a girly girl roommate nagged me about not talking about...
Two times in twenty years - i failed. It was my failure. One situation the customer and I were not a good fit and it was good riddance - but I had to collect on what WAS owed. I learned about being...
I had an orgasm a couple times because of customers getting mad at me. (emotional hot sauce). Twice that I remember. I wonder if this is something like a gambling addiction? I've never tried gambling...
I'm not sure if songs help anything, if they are about things you have not experienced? My mother is a big C&W fan. It did occur to me that maybe I would be more sentimental or idealist about...
@Drunk Parrot I'm not sure he (Trump) is either or any of that. I think dominant Se and Ne thinkers might come across that way? So I'm wondering about that, about myself. Like where is the line?...
What do you think about people suggesting you (or someone else) have trust issues?  When this has been said, I wonder If I know what they mean. I think I'm pretty good at boundary setting. I think...
@Razare awesome, I wish you the best, keep us posted!  The crypto currency angle makes sense to., I'm a little envious, you seem like you have a good start or a good direction anyway.
I just realized YouTube is not that old, as a company. Or it is old - just that time flies. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YouTube
Do you know anything about how to make money doing this? I'm just curious. It seems like there could be many levels of how popular you need to become, or how cool the graphics need to be - depending...
I have no idea what you are trying to say here.
Somebody just bested you, Professor?
I don't think you have seen or read much about the topic, other than here? Of course that is perfectly fine. As someone who has been self employed and pro free market and spent a lot of my life...
I didn't think Dr Phil was interesting past maybe one of his first shows or something I ran into accidentally a long time ago. That and Jerry Springer, shockingly amusing for a bout 5 minutes - one...
@URLteenth I think the topic is interesting. I've heard of the Hare checklist but didn't remember ever reading the actual list. A few years ago I read a book by Timothy Dutton. It is an interesting...
10 or 12 out of the sixteen, four which do not apply. Hmmmm
psycho-elephant . . . . . . . and giving us numbers before telling us you are making stuff up.  @Drunk Parrot you are more charming than me - maybe,..... sometimes. Do you have specific training...
Yes, Machiavelli. It is interesting to note that the guy writing The Prince never had real power himself (or not much for long) but was more of a victim of war and politics. Still, certain things are...
Even the definition of conscience seems to be a complicated and somewhat disputed term.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conscience  If you scroll to Darwinian area - A requirement of conscience,...
I think you are assuming a certain combination of traits, maybe ones you were diagnosed with. But the definition of psychopath and what causes it is not exact; our knowledge of the brain and nurture...
@aphinion has a good explanation of what the problem is but no solution. My answer was as good as any, the same as aphinion gave only moving on to partial answer rather than description of the...
@Psychopomp makes several references to game theory? What I think is mistaken here is that just because you may not feel other people's feelings much, doesn't mean you aren't good at game theory. You...'"


5605: 'I may have posted before, but I am too lazy to check. If you are searching for female ENTPs, comedians are a gold mine.  Amy Schumer:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBKqVk7qJQs  Sarah...
She seems like she might be to me. Whenever I watch her I am always impressed by the way she can bring anything to life with all these little subtle movements.  ...
Yes. Make this now so that all mbtis can know how special and unique they are.
Give us more examples and specific details.  How do you feel about rich people?   Do you like to take photographs?  Are you interested in colors?
She feels very FJ.
Once again, younger brother, fuck off.  But besides that, do you have good taste?  As in, good taste in music, books, movies, clothing, people?  I find that I tend to be uncertain about whether...
If you're my little brother, the e-stalker, reading this, fuck off.   You didn't get in to Carnegie Mellon. Take that as a sign you are no good at computer science and get off the internet.    ...
I don't know, but I've heard it's impossible for ENTPs to set up their ideal social situations. They basically have to find a person or group of people to do it for them. They are incapable of...
No, I'm pretty sure ENTPs care about being liked.  It's their hidden agenda in socionics.    ILE: If I'm loved (admired, trusted, respected), I will be at ease (relaxed, physically and...
Weird. I wonder if that's Ti/Si loop behavior. When I'm in conflict I usually worry that if I really hurt the other person, I will seem unlikeable and everyone will turn on me. That appears to be an...
Do you find this stressful to do, or is it just a natural reaction? Once I get serious I just want to be all, JK, you can back down at any time and I will forgive you!
In my experience, I've historically dealt with it poorly.  These are the ways I've done it:   Self Abuse  If you do that I'll DIEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!:bored::angry::shocked::sad:  Coping...
Really?  I've never felt that way.
Can you provide me with some more examples of unhealthy ISFPs?
Sure, yeah, but it's quite surprising. I would think that an unhealthy ISFP would be all into wrist cutting and wind up acting too passive, rather than being explosive.
I always thought ISFPs were like this:  MICHAEL JACKSON - Interview with Sylvia Chase - 1980 - YouTube  But then I heard Jesse Pinkman, of Breaking Bad, is an ISFP, and he is like this (young...
In my experience, they tend to fight me for attention and dominance.  It usually starts off fine, but then goes downhill.  I had an ENTP friend who was really into drama. I did a monologue in...
I have a difficult time with a lot of people.  I will say things, and mean them as casual jokes or nonjudgmental observations (I'm serious, I am very even keeled and objective) and people will...
Do not be so quick to make that jump.  People often tote the introverts swap their last letter theory for socionics conversion, but it is not true.   Jorji, just because a relationship is bad...
ENTP, currently taking 5 months off from college.  I think it's helped a little. The one mistake I made during the time off was that I did not do things that were ACTIVELY rejuvenating.  I still...
This is why:  Relations of Supervision between psychological (personality) types  I was with an INFJ guy for a short time. Fucking awful. Not your fault, but if you are really INFJ, and he is...
OMG, please ask your ENTP question now
Yeah.  I often worry that I might relax and say something that gets me into hot water.  Big fear of mine.  So I just try to be quiet.  It's very unsatisfying.
To be honest, she doesn't love anthropology. She's just doing it because it's easy for her. Ironically, her biggest concern is that people will think she chose an easy major.  I think it's an...
This is definitely something I have noticed about ISFPs. They seem to be very secure with themselves. Where does all this personality security come from? Is it Fi dominance?   You have one ENTP...
Btw, if you answer my ENTP question from an ISFP perspective, I will answer your ISFP question from an ENTP perspective.
I am an ENTP, but we are duals, so I would be interested in getting your perspective.  Here's the situation:  there is a girl named Sara who goes to a good college. She is majoring in...
Accidental repost.
ENTP child of an extreme SJ who majored in biology and forced it upon her here -   ENTPs can memorize seemingly random facts by creating imaginary systems and stories that the facts fit into. I...
Jesus christ... I have NEVER been able to deal with bullies.  I just want to be friends with everyone... even if they are busting my face in. It might have something to do with a bad childhood. My...
Agreed. I had a similar experience.   Maybe this is Fi, instead of FJ, but there are people who will MURDER you if you bump into them by accident. You can't get two inches of leeway around them,...
To be perfectly clear, the experiment was on your mom.
There are things that the general population seems to feel (twilight is stupid chick flicks are stupid fashion is stupid keeping up with the kardashians is stupid) and I just... don't feel...
You are still a lame, emotional, manipulative basket case, though.
We know what's best for this thread.
I would not test ENTPs, fourtine.
You are mean to the thread.
Maybe also... did you want to try not being crazy?
Did you ever want to... maybe ask me what the experiment was?
I wonder if all ISFPs are this way.
Your bitterness is weird.
I thought you ISFPs were supposed to be kind and gentle.
I don't think that bullies have this secret horrible low self esteem that they are desperately trying to compensate for. That sounds like something the victims tell themselves to feel better about...
Now you will never know.  HA HA HA HAAAA!!!! HAAAAA HAHA HAAAAA!!!!!
Never mind.  It ended.
Michael =  xxFJ Watch the way he reacts to his family's crazy antics. VERY feeling judgment, NOT thinking judgment.   Mmkay? Uh huh... WELL.  George Michael = IxFP  He hugs his aunt (who...
Ha... Ha... Ha... Ha... Ha... Ha... Ha... Ha... Ha... Ha...
You know what? I already have a big thread about him.  He drove me crazy.  I emailed him saying I didn't want to be in a relationship with him, and he told me that he wanted to be friends but he...
I was with this INFJ boy.  He just... disappeared for a week at a time. Didn't hear from him. Didn't know why.  We flirted heavily, he acted like he liked me, nearly referred to himself as my...
ESTPs are meaner. Emma Stone is too dorky to be an ESTP. Her whole thing is I'm awkward.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKvvkrMWcno  Megan Fox is an ESTP:  ...'"


5614: '1. originality, be opinionated on intellectual matters, embrace change. Mystery is something we are quite attracted to. Either someone we can't really read because they tend to be shy and do not show...
but I dated your grandad
Go for it and be honest with the ENTP. We apreciate honesty and we like people who are very blunt about how much they like us, and if this person's not sure of what your feelings are or what's your...
Such a Ravenclaw answer :laughing:
Oh, you young ENTP lady. I used to think the same thing back when I thought I didn't have emotions. Heck, to me emotions were a bunch of ingredients in a potion I knew vaguely how it smelt like but...
Not an ESTP myself, but read Hogwarts and I could't resist :proud:  I believe ESTPs are pretty much Gryffindors. Come to think about it, Se feels like the perfect function for Gryffindors indeed
Oh yeah, I was a pretty much advanced speaker and reader, you see :laughing:
O.M.G. I'm in love and I'm not even gay :laughing: Plus, your style is just great
I'm 5 months and a week away to turn 30
I hate them all. But Ne. Ne is just the perfect function  :cool:
As a thinker, it's always been difficult for me to understand emotions in general and my own emotions in particular. FJs have helped me develop that part of me that was hidden and I wasn't even aware...
I've recently learned the ENTP-INFJ connection doesn't necesarily need to be between a MALE ENTP and a FEMALE INFJ. The other way round works pretty well too. It is pretty rare to find it, but it's...
Right from the moment I learned about MBTI three years ago, I started reading all this unicornly magical connection between ENTPs and INFJs, but up until two months ago, I honestly thought that...
So. Just kind-of come back from my working holidays - basically summer camp - to find out a weirdly intriguing conversation between LittleDreamer and knife talking about my Pocahontas avatar and the...
Shall I dye my hair and use blue contact lenses? But to be fair and not to brag (too much), I sound more British than Mel Gibson, and I'm not even British :laughing:  You might be a modern...
Let me just say this is the narrowest-minded thing I've ever heard from an ENTP.  SERIOUSLY? A 21st century guy saying that the only way you can get sex without any strings is by manipulation?? How...
ENTP woman ESFJ guy. Would you describe that as a crazy combination? Thoughts on that would be very much appreciated
I'm the first one who laughs at my predictions
Big cities are full of lovely different museums. Medium size cities, not so much. But I like the idea of walking around while on a date. It's kind of easy to get lost on purpose if it's not going...
Museums. Never done that on a first date! But I think I'd like to try it. So, when are you free? :laughing:
You can try find all those things without actually asking about those things. Be subtle. One of the best topics to talk about on a date is traveling. You can ask her about the places she's visited,...
Kennedy was a xNFJ. I would go for INFJ.  As for Obama Fi user? I cannot see that. I would type him as ENTP though
I'm pretty sure many of my ESxJ friends would come up with all these reasons why I am an introverted and not an extroverted. Extrovertion is misunderstood.   You never know, but sometimes you...
Probably, to me, one of the worst moments especially when dealing with introverts is when they expect you to be the chatty leader who would tell them what to do where to go and what to talk about as...
Chuck Bass ENTJ! Never heard that before. I'm curious, what makes you suggest that?
I would say Tommy Shelby from Peaky Blinders. Though I'm not entirely sure he's INTJ or ENTJ
INTP men. What's your opinion on ENTP women. Tell me all about it
I would say he's pretty much extroverted, he won't stop talking :laughing:
INTPs xSTPs INTJs ENFJs
We hate giving the impression that we are hurt or that something has hit really hard on us. So even though that ENTP might be as damaged as you or even more, he won't show it.
well, figure out is a way of putting it, but I personally tend to say someone who is the same way you expected them to be. Which might sound the same, but it isn't. When I meet someone and I...
There's this thing that I've recently come back to listening and watching Backstreet boys videos - oh dear Youtube, so many interesting things in youtube!!!  And here are my guesses  AJ - xNFJ...
In a way I agree with desire machine. Especially with Si doms/s in specific moments of their day in which they just want to sit down and talk about details in their lives, what time they've waken up,...
I've been rewatching Desperate Housewives recently and I've got one thing clear, and that is that Lynette is a Ti user for sure. Not sure if Se or Ne, but TP for sure.
It's been a very long time since I've met INxx men so tell me where is it you go shopping for them??
Haven't seen such a perfect answer in quite a long time
Eryngo sorry to stick my nose in this, but we are family (ENTP, INTP.... c'mon, we are practically siblings!) and I love this kind of questionnaires, so I'm answering as well.   1. On a scale of...
yes we are, very much
I think this is a very interesting experience to discuss. As it turns out, last weekend I went to a social event in another city where there was this very obvious ENTP, and it was as though my brain...
Oh yeah, definitely. I need to be the hunter, if I'm not the first one interested in the guy (or for that matter, at the same time) nothing they do would appeal to me. And ESPECIALLY if they need...
are you doing some kind of experiment on us or something? I do like INTJs and I am single. But I'm not a very big fun of creepy stalker INTJs. Or any other type for that matter. And why do you want...
An ENTP sort-of-hero that started off as a villain: JAMES 'SAWYER' FORD
The actual bar, where you order, it's a fantastic place to start a conversation with the person next to you. Or simply to approach the one who seems interesting. I do that indeed haha
Dreamuur  Bars where we can talk. Not nightclubs, not discos. The typical bar where you can easily engage in an interesting conversation. If it's an alternative bar where original people hang out,...
Problem with us Ne doms is that we can get caught in the ocean of possibilities and never get out of it. So focus, boy, focus.  If I were you, rather than expecting women to get attracted to you,...
I like questionnaires :)  If someone came to you and asked you to make a decision about something, what would your thought process be?  Probably it depends on the decision and how important it...
That's a difficult one to only choose one.  ENFJs would be my ultimate option, though I'm really hurt I had to let INTJs and INTPs out of the deal :sad:
I think it runs in the Ne DNA. My ex ENFP always said he couldn't be bother with boring people. We used to work at the same place and, indeed, there were a few boring people around.  He also had...
I'm confused. You want to take personality types into consideration or you don't?  Well, I'm probably not much of a help, as far as I know I just know one male ENTP, more of an acquaintance,...
I very much think that he was a xNFJ. I'm more leaning towards INFJ  Here are my reasons:  Ni dom; he understood things right away, he knew what to say and when, he was very much focused on the...'"


5624: 'Happy April Fools Day! Sincerely- ENTP
Any time period, Any location.  In no specific order   Alexander the Great, Julius Caesar, Robert E. Lee, Napoleon Bonaparte, George Washington, Hannibal Barca.
You win the Internet if that's original.
After lot's of in-depth personality study, and more than I wish to admit of since it distracted me so much from my schoolwork :confused:, I am now very certain I am an ISFJ. Anyone else here just...
Not really SRS
Or I will jump out of a four-story building
Just ignore her, she is most likely unattractive in real life and uses the internet to feel like she has a position of power, I see this alot in XXTJ women. Also, remember not to feed the trolls.
I think most people would pick number 2, I would too.
In my opinion it would work out pretty well because of the mutual understanding, something hard to find in other people.
Your insecurity is justified. Here in the U.S we have two master races, White and Black. Below them you have native americans in third place along with hawaiians they are still brown and don't have...
I'm sorry but I don't feel the same way about you :unsure:
No, she really said it. This picture is incorrect.
Okay, so what's you body fat percentage mate? And just becaue other people are heavier doesn't you're not overweight, that's like saying glenn beck isn't fat because a body builder weighs more than...
190 is fat as fuck unless you play pro football, and considering everyone adds an inch to their height online being 5'9 and over 180 without being a bodybuilder is unsatisfactory.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUmrBNmhvJM
As I can currently be classified as a teen,(though I don't feel like one) I might as well respond to this. I guess you could say I am the result of an ENTP gone wrong, which I blame society for as...
Because you're a strong independent woman who don't need no designated forum.
Thanks for the help Tulkas I'll take your advice, I really need to pay more attention to my emotions (lack of Fi). For all of you who think I'm a drama queen or attention whore or whatever you should...
You mistake my response for denying your hand , but I'm not, I'm just saying that I've been doing what you've said to do and I haven't gotten any actual positive responses and if I did they didn't...
Actually the people who say No matter quite a bit, if everyone in the world said no to who you truly are would you still think it didn't matter?
Yeah you're right he is pretty mad.
That surprises me lol
That's pretty much what I do, but I've gone so far down that road I'm not sure if I'm being remotely myself anymore. It isn't worth it.
guess
Actually an ENFP would have went to cry in their corner, the fact that you are wording your sentences like a floating around noise making gay guy is very ENFP of YOU. lol
Wow you even know your name, what a smart little boy.
All the guys are going to say they look older if they're in their teens and all the girls will say they look younger then what they are and everyone over 30 will say they look younger and isn't all...
I also don't give a flying fuck what you think and I know what I'm saying does actually have some validity to it, I don't give a fuck if it lives up to your textbook definitions.
The title says all, if you don't know me there's a good chance you won't like me once you do know me so feel free to hate me now and get it out of the way before you actually get to know me and then...
Yeah, have fun with that.
Ask me how many fucks I give?
:rolleyes: You realize most of this was made for MYSELF right? Seeing as how I hate everyone on this forum with you included. I have had pretty good results in developing my Se a bit more so you can...
Strong ENFP like post and response from OP
Hey pokemon is serious business, and I would say ESFP.
Hello fellow ENTP's, now I know the majority of us have pretty sh!tty Se as it can be quite frustrating trying to find the remote we swore we had just 5 secounds ago, however there are more important...
Being a grown-up means using good sentence structure in the title of your thread. Jk that's for smoking crack and eating burritos all day :shocked:
Learn to speak English, my God.
Well I never said enjoy humiliating you Mr.Entejay, but it just happens to occur quite often XD
I'm still not sure why he is here, not a single one of us here likes him. I guess he just enjoys trying to make us angry and then getting humiliated by us in the end xD
I also take it you have ALOT of pint up Ne that you can't share in real life so it just builds and builds until it EXPLODES all over us at PC. I would get off the meds as they are restricting your Ne...
This guy needs to train his Si more, sure we ENTP's are awesome and all but lack of Si can lead to insanity. I suggest thinking and internalizing your ideas more and following them to their logical...
INTJ's hands down.
To answer OP's question: Yes.
Yeah he pretty much hates ENTP's because they embarass him all the time.
EnteJay, I'm starting to question your real life coping skills now. xD
They piss me off so much you have no idea.
If you don't give a rat's ass than why bother replying xD Btw I don't have to pursue the conversation to find out what I'm missing. It just comes to me :cool:.
You shouldn't worry so much about what people think of you OP, after all the ones who mind don't matter and the ones who matter don't mind.
I tried being acceptable in real life and on forums, but realized that came at the price of sacrificing alot of my personality so now I just do whatever the fuck I want and shit.
EnteJay, you're right about yourself in this sense of the logic you have created all by yourself atleast, because at the moment you are proving you really CAN'T learn anything new. Is this a common...'"


5630: 'The Garden of Death by Hugo Simberg is my all time favourite painting so I had to include it. The reason why I feel so drawn to it is, just like you were suggesting, the acceptance of mortality or -...
ENNEAGRAM TYPE W/ WING:  7w6  (Using Johns Test Please) TOP 3 MBTI TYPES:  65% ENTP 9% ENFP 8% INTP
I've been writing my dreams down for almost four years now. I can categorize my dreams into at least five different groups. The first one is just basic realistic dreams which I tend not to remember...
https://i.imgur.com/MyzSswj.jpg
I wonder if there are any kind of patterns that would link dreams to typology. So tell me about your dreams! Are they realistic/absurd/highly symbolic/adventurous/horrifying/something completely...
Please stop spreading the left brain/right brain nonsense. It has been scientifically falcified.
Go ahead :crazy:
Introverted, strong Te (you talk a lot about what is useful and question 2 especially seems like extroverted thinking when you explain how you'd handle the situation). So that leaves INTJ and ISTJ....
here's some art I like:  Jigsaw Falling into Place (Search results for: art)  and on page 7 there's also a painting by me (the red-brown-blue-green-black-and-white one with ammonite and abstract...
No, I would lose my mind if everyone were dumb.
I had some spare time so I filled up this one:   SCENARIO 1  FOCUS ON YOUR FEELING PROCESS HERE  Your significant other just ended your 2 year relationship quite suddenly and with no apparent...
Well, yeah I've read descriptions and over all they seem to fit pretty well. Some of them are kind of extreme though but that might be the stereotypes :tongue: I don't see myself as some kind of a...
0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex,...
ENTP  Radiohead Gorillaz Metric Tuomari Nurmio Vesala Chisu MGMT Tame Impala
I'm kinda settled for ILE now because I noticed that I tend to intellectualize moral dilemmas rather than trust how I feel about things. In fact I rarely trust my feelings and find them sort of...
Me: ENTP Brother (only a year and two months younger than me): INTJ Mom: ESFJ Dad: ISTP  soo.. no pattern? (except for both of us being NT? and maybe 50/50 I/E although that could be just by...
Left-facing pig but future in front of me and past behind. I watched some YouTube videos about the consept of time about 10 minutes ago so I'm wondering if that explains it? My future was really...
Why xNTP for Aristotle?
13/50
keys2cognition gave me: Ne>Ti>Fe>Si>Ni>Te>Fi>Se  and some socionics test gave me: Ne>Ni>Ti>Te>Fe>Fi>Se>Si
1) I can hold my tongue and avoid insulting people and I usually do that. I don't want to be seen as a total dickhead. 2) not constantly arguing although I really enjoy it when I do. 3) I have near...
ENFP, until I bumped into Socionics and realized how poor my Fi actually is.
ENTP, 7w6(?), eldest of two
ISTJs are not boring at all when you get to know them properly. She is funny, smart and probably the most loyal person I've ever met. We mostly watch TV-series and movies together at her place and...
I'm an ENTP and she's an ISTJ  other friends: ENFJ, ISTP, ESFJ and unknown introverts
We took some ADHD test in high school psychology class and if I remember correctly the score above 70 indicated that one is likely to have ADHD. I scored around 50 and heard other students discussing...
Love it how you expect everyone to know which David you're referring to :laughing:
I created the Sims 3 versions of Karl Marx, Friedrich Nietzsche and Ayn Rand. They live together and hate each other deeply. Apparently I shouldn't have bought them a computer since all they do now...
I've also tested as ENFP, INFP, INTP, ENFJ (I remember being in a really weird mood), and INTJ
Well, what can I say? This is even more accurate with my avatar on another forum: http://i58.tinypic.com/9tfxjq.jpg
Anna could be unhealthy ENFX but I can also see unhealthy ESFJ for her. Her brother definetely seems like ESFJ to me. Karenin is most likely ISTJ. I think Levin is INFP or ISFP. I thought about INTP...
I don't have one. There are better platforms for drowning myself and everyone else in memes than Instagram :wink:
My writing style is very situational but overall I think that it's either vague and trails off a lot or overly precise (and annoying to read since I add too much stuff in one sentence). And the tone...
I only get motivated by the problem solving aspect of math. All the talk about training your brain sounds tedious to me tbh. That's my weakness with math - I give up if I can't remember all the...
MBTI: ENTP MT: Visual-spatial, Verbal-linguistic and Logical-mathematical but I'm not sure in which order LS: visual BH: 50/50 or left but I don't think the tests I've taken were all that reliable
Entp 77% intp 6% enfp 4% entj 4% estp 3%
Introversion (I):9  Extroversion (E):15 Sensing (S):7  Intuition (N):19 Thinking (T):7  Feeling (F):4 Judging (J):0  Perceiving (P):14  Making your MBTI code:
Yeah, it's possible that I'm wrong about her but then again I don't think I am. I've known her for seven years now and ISTJ just makes more sense. She is creative and funny but in a practical way....
I watch it with my ISTJ friend (she introduced it to me) and I love basicly everything about it.
I don't think it's very accurate. It types me as INFP, sometimes ENFP. I'm more likely an ENTP. It has also typed my ISTJ friend as INFP and she even thought that the INFP description on that page...
1) What is your perceived mbti type? How certain are you of this assertion? Probably ENTP, other NPs are possible  2) Where you considered to be an easy child (moderate in temperament, easy...
I think I've met one and it was really interesting. I think he had some other problems too - he wasn't very healthy person mentally. Other people seemed to either despise him or laugh at him behind...
I got ENFP. I know that I'm a Ne-dom, but still unsure which one.
CAUTION: Toxic when bored
MBTI: xNxP Socionics: some Ne-ego type Enneagram: probably 7w6 Alignment: Neutral Good or True Neutral Instinctual variant: no idea Hogwarts house: Ravenclaw Star Sign Zodiac: Scorpio Chinese...
I think that in China's case its recent history (from Mao to present day) has affected people's attitude towards religion. They might have more organized religion system today if it hadn't been...
ISFP   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UclCCFNG9q4
I'm probably ENTP and scored 37
Oh, I have the same problem than the OP. Except that I properly questioned my seeming ENFP-ness when my friend introduced me to Socionics and I definitely didn't match Ti-polr but rather Fi-polr. I...
Se7en. I liked it but was a bit too tired to get the most out of it.'"


5636: 'Thank you for posting this.  I wouldn't wish it on anyone either.
I ALSO PASSED MY FLUID DYNAMICS EXAM!  I was going to write that even before I saw it above.  I despise physics.  Also, I reflected on my relationship with my daughter today, and how far we've come...
What's your career path? molecular biologist   Why did you choose it? Well, science is rad, biochemistry involves Physical Chemistry which I did NOT want to tackle, and the whole manipulation of...
I really wish I could say that I am not a cheater.  I'd love nothing more than to be in love with the person I love and not want to find anyone else, or think about it.  Ask me 3 years ago and I...
Molecular Biology.  (genetic engineering essentially)
First of all, it's a lot.  Two words.   Secondly, you're really young, and as you will learn in college, like I did, you are not special.  Intelligence is completely wasted if you haven't the...
Today, I ventured back to personalitycafe after quite a while of being gone.  This was the second post I read and was immediately reminded of why I used to spend so much time here.  People like you,...
curious.  . . . .
27.   I'm actually surprised, because I just bombed an organic exam and am feeling pretty bad about my ability to motivate myself
I tried jumping stilts on today for shits.  I decided that it would be a really good way to pick apples, rescue kittens, AND get a great time in a crossfit WOD.  Probably all at the same time.
The guy sitting next to me on the bus today was reading the bible.  I asked him if I could borrow it for a second because I gave up the bible for lent and couldn't remember when I could have it back.
27, and I thought I saw where that was going, AND I was trying to be generous to myself.  I'm actually a little shocked by this...
Callie.... once again we are completely on the same wavelength  :)  I am just over six months into a relationship with a guy who I think is ISTJ (that's what he tested as).  Never ever did I think...
I feel like the world is working against me.  Most of the time I kick it's ass, but I feel an impending doom that one slip-up will unravel everything I'm working toward faster than I'll ever be able...
To my surprise..... I am completely in love with an ISTJ  (WHAT???) I'm divorced from an ENTP (I liken that relationship to an atomic bomb explosion) My ex is an ENTJ and I will provaby NEVER do...
Definitely NOT an Ne/Ti person... no, not ENTP.
No.  Even if the odds are are almost 6 billion to one, it's possible one of those would be my child, and nothing no amount of money would EVER be enough to beat the odds on that.  Ever.
I just beat a personal record.  I was drunk for 48 hours straight AND lost my voice from laughing too much... all while barefoot.
And I really, really hope that my daughter is ENTP.  There's a good chance.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcqMcTid7Ww
This is what happens when an ENTP (me) and ENTJ (ex-bf) play with children.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xOV-MY3kmU
Fuck yes.
Precisely this, even with the EXACT tritype and conclusion of tripe.
This was awesome, thank you (I didn't actually read it all yet, but about half, and that was great enough to assume the rest is equally excellent)
There is a time and a place for this sans the marriage.  It's called college.
http://personalitycafe.com/entp-forum-visionaries/27809-increase-my-wordplay.html
It's coming from extensive contemplation about the institution of marriage and the resolve between my natural distaste for the tradition of marriage and the desire for the most efficient/productive...
What?  I didn't mean it like that at all... I simply don't understand why this site chose to classify it that way, it doesn't make any sense to me.  I don't care at all where people were born, that's...
I love the INTP forums.  This was so deliciously awkward just to READ.  I appreciate you, just know that.
Wow.  Just wow.  My ex-bf turned best friend is most definitely an INTP.  I'm going to tell him to come read all of this, it sounds EXACTLY like him.
Correction, it isn't location, it country of birth.  It really can't be that it was broken down into black and white, can it?  ya know, what's even worse is that all of the money that went toward...
Firstly:  Polygamy is an issue, perhaps with semantics, becuase it is about on gender taking on several of the opposite in which there is no bond between the multiple gender.  This is an issue both...
oh.. and what do the terms:  'white private' 'black-private'  mean?  In regards to location, that is?
Viagra was actually stumbled upon while conducting research for blood pressure medication... sorry, I just couldn't resist setting that one straight.   As to the thread... I think it's entirely...
Ah, I'm so glad you articulated this, because very much of this is true for me.  I think most people struggle with finding their place in the world, but it would be my guess that ENTP women, in...
I'm told a lot that I'm really charming, people don't run away from charming :)
I completely disagree.
When people meet us, we become that person in which they compare everyone else to.
I am brimming with GREAT conversation...lets go!!
I just want someone who understands me.  Someone who can appeal to my intelligence as equally as they appeal to my desire is essential.  Easier said than done I suppose...
Nope, we're divorced, and the most supportive family is my mother who lives two hours away; it's about creative time-management and optimizing on quality time.  Someone mentioned unconditional...
Thanks for sharing :)  I love my mother, but I lament on the fact that we've never had a solid connection... never.  I want that for my daughter and me, and I feel like I have the capacity to...
http://personalitycafe.com/image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAcwAAAEgCAIAAAC2P9QoAAAgAElEQVR4nOy9+a8kyXXvF1W5L5EZS2bkvldlVta+3r33ZXo2DskhOUNSFClKj5S1UU96wJMgGP7BsJ9tATZsGPBvhmH/o/4hepI5Vffe6e5p...
Yay to your first post :)
I don't know where it comes from, it's like I'm composed of great ideas marinated in bad-but-oddly-hilarious timing  it's not my ass that's smart, it's my head   my perspective is like the...
Okay, so I'm not claiming the title, but it was suggested that this sort of thread be started, so here it is.  I have written this as a response to a different thread:  I'm not a perfect mother,...
Wow, that was really sweet... not really what I saw coming, but sincerely, thank you.  I think I will start that thread.
Random Kinetics application, FTW
Here's the thing, I always end up doing thing completely my way- ass backwards, feeling satisfied that I did, indeed, make my own decisions, but I secretly struggle with the fact that I'm not where I...
PS:  I'm really happy that I was the first one on your list, I feel like I've won something.
I'M HERE I'M HERE!!  I actually come on everyday (and I've been here for WELL over a year) I don't post quite as much as I used to... and I'm not exactly sure why??  I think I'm falling for yet...'"


5640: 'HOW TO ADD YOURSELF TO THE LIST:   Please use Reply with Quote on the latest post with a table  Remove the  tags from the post so the next person can quote the updated table  Scroll to find...
In many ways because of the close similarity in functional ordering, we get along with them and know how to speak their language. It can be refreshing to find an INTP, as they usually understand our...
Hi INTJs,  This is a relationship question. As an ENTP I am an Fe type, and Fi is very hard for me to wrap my mind around. What frustrates me is the tendency for my INTJ to shut me out when he is...
Why hasn't this been moved to the articles section yet??
Embarrassing/scandalous story gossip, YES. He was like, and then she was like, and then I was like gossip ..... nooo.  Celebrity gossip honestly I'm not interested in, although when I...
So yes, true, every person is by nature judgmental and it's a useful and important quality and certainly not a bad thing etc. etc. (no sarcasm, just summarizing). I of course accept that and myself...
Great point.  p.s Your pie example was weird.
You could very well be, that's my exact situation as well. My mom and dad were INFJ and ISFJ and I had to be oh so careful, quiet and pleasant around them. (Not that they were strict, just easily...
When deciding between INTP and ENTP your level of social extraversion isn't one of the best indicators. Doing your research and figuring out whether you are Ne-Ti or Ti-Ne is the best approach. Also...
I get nervous before performing, but it totally depends on my level of preparedness. If I'm not confident in the material I'm about to present, then it's bad. The reason behind it is always the...
Hey ENTJ's and INTJ's. I'm always getting the impression like your types are silently passing negative judgment on me in your heads. You're the only types I feel like a doofus in front of. You speak...
7w8 sx/sp ... haven't done the 3 option thing, I don't know what that is and don't feel like investing energy in it.  It would be cool to have the list organized numerically instead of...
Am I an outcast, no, unless I want to be melodramatic about it. Would I be an outcast if I acted as myself though .. pretty much definitely.  My social life is pretty sad, I get along with...
I'm naturally talented at drawing and playing music. But I only really enjoy playing music (main instrument cello). I love a) the technical challenge, good Ti exercise, and b) the beautiful outcome...
Female, but your poll will only describe the ENTP's here, i.e those who were intrigued enough by personality differences to end up on a forum about it. So I feel like there might be a higher female...
I also hate how people ask rhetorical statement-questions like that, supposed to make you feel like you're being presented a choice, or trying to convince you using guilt disguised as modesty.  I...
..to elaborate,  When you develop your own evolved form of English syntax, not because you're lazy but because you disagree with the basis of certain existing rules and your way is really more...
Don't hate on the introverts with feelings, I know what you're thinking but you have to approach each person as an individual and consider their personality type later. And don't let personality type...
^Yeah exactly what he said.
I'll say no. At least in the kind of culture I'm used to, J-based expectations of women are absolutely just as high as they are for men. Perhaps the nature of the expectation can differ (although I'd...
I'm really attracted to it as well. I wasn't brought up that way, I lived in a house with 85% unneeded crap sitting around.  Sorry though, I'm not going to be too helpful. Living with a Te user has...
It sounds like a very immature reaction at the end for an ENTJ. Maybe because the ENTJ's I've known have all been older than that.  I've personally never seen an ENTJ pushed to the point that he...
Definitely not true for everyone, I was confused at first about being INTP or INTJ and neither fit - never thought to consider ENTP because I'm not an obvious extrovert from my demeanour.
Ti being the primary function in INTPs you can often observe them rapidly analyzing information and spitting it out in like a right off the tongue manner. So, what you're seeing as talking without...
You strike me as more of an INTP. The way I initially discovered I was ENTP and not INTP was by spending time on INTPforum. It became sooo tiresome and I decided yeah, no I don't belong here.  I...
Bullies are lame as hell. One of my biggest hatreds especially is any group ganging up against one person. As for me I'll occasionally pick someone apart 1 on 1, but that will be because they did...
There's a difference between planning for it and making it happen. On that basis, I stand by my choice of pragmatism.  Realism alone kind of bores me ... I used to be more about that but I just...
Yeah I do exactly this.
I LOVE Matilda.  I'm 23 and I can see this from both perspectives.  On the one hand yes, kids of any age can be smarter than adults of any age. And this should be acknowledged. Teachers in their...
Pragmatist followed by idealist. My personal approach and philosophy is to acknowledge the nature and constraints of the game, and operate within it to my best advantage. However, I have strong...
I would walk the line, like display suggestions that you're into her (just showing more of an interest in talking to her, and looking into her eyes more, smiling a bit more than you would all these...
It must be a thing that started today because I was just coming to this forum to search for this question, it's happening to me too. Hellppppp someone..?
Hi guys I'm still here :laughing:     http://i51.tinypic.com/21b0h93.jpg
ISFP. (Huge fan of Muse btw)  ... and to back that up, an INTP would never use the phrase the amount of people which know us
I have many tendencies but nothing that I can't easily rationalize my way through.  Sometimes I'll be electively obsessive-compulsive but never by compulsion.
I love ENFP's!  They are somewhat of an acquired taste for most, I think.  I could see myself being in a relationship with an ENFP on the grounds that both of us would need to be mature about it ......
^That could mean you'd be easy to get along with in our case.  The intimidation/alpha factor is only really an issue with ESFP men and that sort of thing.  A lot of men in my experience are just...
This isn't really a problem for me, it's really quite useful generally.  I can play it down at will if I'm ever actually interested in someone's romantic advances.
I came across this from halloween ... I remind myself of agocken :tongue:  http://i53.tinypic.com/119wjg1.jpg
I think the biggest reason INTJ's and ENTP's can be drawn to one another is that our styles of intuitive thinking are so completely different but both so completely brilliant.  We both envy certain...
^Those are all awesome. :laughing:
^You must be an ENTJ.
I really hope you're not implying that my drunken text messages wouldn't be grammatically correct.  Haha come to think of it ... when drunk my inner grammar nazi really comes out to play and wreak...
In highschool it was chemistry.  But that's because highschool physics was sooooo boooring.  Theoretically it would be physics .. or math ..
Hmm well I'm kind of a fashion mag elitist.  Give me a Paris Vogue to read though and I'll be thrilled for the next hour.  But this is because I love beauty, I love photography, I love delicate and...
I've had casual hook-ups and it's not like I'm against the premise or anything .. but they just don't do anything for me.  I get bored.  And YES it feels mechanical.  However I usually don't see this...
That just totally depends on my mood.  But yeah usually I'll be amused by the most random of things, especially about people and I'll laugh in their face when they react to something in a funny way...
Usually just super energetic, happy, adventurous (or irresponsibly daring), very overtly flirty showing off, telling my bff's I love them and giving lots of hugs, or being a crude awful bastard to...
The Hot Friend  http://cdn.okcimg.com/php/load_okc_image.php/images/0x0/0x0/0/2391864671198130783.jpeg  Sexy, neither Dark nor Light, and neither Artsy nor Stylish, she's just the Hot Friend. You...
I love ENFP's!  From my experience you shouldn't have trouble catching an ENTP girl's eye.  Personally I'm drawn to ENFP's wittiness and openness and also astuteness of observation. Because there's...'"


5647: 'I was a big ol' bucket of depression and anxiety in high school. I did a complete 180 when I went to college. I held a full time job that allowed me to do my homework when it wasn't busy, while...
You mind find some answers through the search function. Or I can just do that for you: http://personalitycafe.com/entp-forum-visionaries/98652-entps-drug-use-oh-controversy.html...
It's not. But he should have known that when he married a woman with 4 children, the children would still be her first priority. Which means making sacrifices for their well being, even if it's not...
I'm all for keeping it simple. The sound of a toilet flushing followed by the beep.
I like to use a spritz Midnight Pomegranate or Vanilla Coconut in my hair while it's still wet, and then let it dry. Just gives a slight scent, so you have to get pretty up close to smell me.
Jiggly placenta? :D
Your MacGyver mullet. I mean, thinking cap. :P
I'm short with about 10 pounds extra.  A lot of ENTPs are thin because they forget to eat and, well, that will help stay thin for sure!
I did it for the greater good of the ENTP community. So many new faces :P
Oh good, I don't have to send out rescue units (for now) :P
<~ Also a Taurus :D
You'd never use this data mining for evil, right? ;)
Here, have an astrology thread about ENTPs right here on the first page to answer about November/December:...
Ehhh... somewhat.
Ohay look, I'm necrobumping again~ It's been a while and we've had another surge of new ENTPs. Show us where you are!
Oh, I should also mention that while I didn't waste energy with witty comebacks for my peers, I definitely had them for my teachers. Especially my bible teachers (my father was my sunday school...
Personally speaking, I was pretty withdrawn during grade school. I had my select few friends, and we were pretty much considered the outcasts. We didn't care about the latest fashions, having the...
It goes something like this: http://mysticmedusa.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/6TRlUb.jpeg
More rare than us 9s :P William I Am is the only primary E2 that I know of.
This is extremely common of ENTPs in general. I don't think I've ever tested more than 60% extrovert (last time was 52%), and there are plenty of posts on the ENTP forums (and look at peoples'...
Welcome! Have a balloon! ~O
They are :)   A lot of this part.   Welcome to the forums!
9w1, 7w6, 2w3
I am teal and purple, thanks ;P And I don't really have anything to add that you haven't already said. As usual, I agree with you word for word. Twinsies and stuff!   I also relate to feeling...
To the point of not giving a single hint of info and making everyone play guessing games?
Hard to say. ENTPs aren't usually quite so vague~
Can't say I've ever seen you be anything else! :P ps- check yo' inbox~
It's adorable seeing people meet Psyphon for the first time ;)
I plan on my body being donated to science, so there will be a memorial service instead. However, this song will be played at the memorial.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfBdMXhpQnU  My siblings...
Husfriend- Committed, co-habitating boyfriend. Fiance is such a stuffy, formal term. Can also apply to a traditional husband, as your spouse is your best friend :) I have yet to make up a suitable...
Get a job and move out.  I know, I know. We've been saying this to you for a couple of months. I just had to take the opportunity to play  Psyphon for a minute here ;) Seriously, though. Living...
Not all Intuitives are filled to the brim with ideas. And not all share it if they are.   Believe it or not, ENTPs and other N types are capable of respect and devotion to our families and...
I was thinking the exact same thing after reading the post.  Space for me can be days, even weeks. And I prefer being the one to initiate contact, so the person knows that I am ready to communicate...
What the hell did you do to these friends to piss them off and make them want to compromise your professional life?
Xaxna is now code name for cry ;P
Too much? Pssssh girrrl you cray-cray!  If it's interfering with or causing problems in your personal relationships and other aspects of your life, then it might be too much. But I really wouldn't...
Yay 2 year old threads~ A positive.
Ditto! I started to realize in 6th grade, when a teacher openly criticized me in front of the entire class for not doing the work but still getting the answer correct. I held on to the same...
Psssh. I've cried at least 15 times this week. I just usually won't admit that unless I'm super stressed. Like right now. Ask me again later and I'll deny I ever said this ;)
The friend part is easy on my end. I'm an idiot when it comes to picking up signals that a guy is interested, and if he isn't confident enough to tell me, then we'll just continue as things are. I...
Here's a post from a couple of years ago, from a female ENTP interested in joining the army:...
I've actually been wondering lately what it's like for an ISFJ to turn to their ENTP shadow when stressed. I thought the same thing as Sporadic Aura about narcissism and inflated ego. Maybe over...
So much this. I feel like my Ti takes a break, but my Fe-Si are having a field day. I have no idea what the ISFJ function order is, to see if I'm on the right track with how that one works exactly.
I wish I knew why, but this happens every Spring for me (for as long as I can remember). It might be a form of SAD (seasonal affective disorder, which is more common for winter), but I dunno about...
Personally speaking, no and yes. My ISFJ shadow (which is very, very, very unhealthy ISFJ mimicry going on) has convinced me that everyone is out to get me or everyone is looking at me funny so they...
I've been going back and forth between ENTP and super unhealthy ISFJ shadow for a couple of weeks now. I seem to do this every Spring. Such a vile, vile season :(
I see you've met my mother :
Anything can work. It's all about mature communication. And part of that communication is the ENTP understanding that being so blunt may not always be the best approach, and the ENFP understanding...
That's a very good point. I love finding the hidden gems tucked away, and I also find that the employees are more laid back.
I go through spurts of seeking people out. Sometimes I want to do every activity I can to find new people, and other times I'm simply indifferent and won't go out of my way. I find it exhausting in...'"


5654: 'But even about the social aspect, difficulties reading social cues =/= feeling energized by being alone.
Kind of like my relationship with online support groups. I notice I have some similar issues but different needs and coping strategies. I am not lke those who can isolate themselves and be happy with...
Well developed ones are awesome. Less well developed... hu... they often jump to a totally radom conclusion, they accept it as if there were NO other conceivable possibility and act all entitled...
Not much into videogames but I love tabletop games and RPG ones even better.
I give a help in a forum about neurodiversity - basically because a friend of mine founded it & I like weird discussions of any kind^^ and well, one recent comment that got my interest was that there...
I was the one who was bullied. I was younger than others, with control issues and the lamest social skills you can have while being E.
Settling --> spending a lot of time with someone you actually don't like. Why ever?
One thing that comes to mind - I like nice clothes, not usually expensive but peculiar and with a style I like; I have a theoretical sense of style... then when I actually dress myself I might forget...
Try hard not to be too untidy... your cockroaches will be sorry but you'll be kicked off less quickly.
Your shadow is showing. :)
I somehow care about how I look but I can't bother following current fashion because I dislike being told what to do.
I can be anxious or not, but mainly, I totally relate with the impression I've been changing too much that they're not even meeting the same person. Sometimes actually it annoys me that they are...
I comment because I tend to get distracted otherwise. That said, if I am at the movie theatre and not at home I try not to be too annoying.
I've never dated that much. While I like seeing people, it's very, very rare that I like someone so much that I want to have a relationship with him. As for physical pleasure I can provide for my...
Okay this is an internet forum so one must mention aspergers from time to time. ;P I am interested in the topic because while being fairly outgoing I had major issues reading people especially when...
Somehow, yes. But since staying in the office late makes you appear hardworking, I stay here and lose time and then do things in a rush so I am motivated.
I try to get to know the person and see how it goes. There are a few rational criteria I even spontaneously consider in matchmaking (common interests, not a fuckup, compatible goals etc) but it's...
Yay exactly. I don't buy the opposites complete each other thing. It's not job where you have to get all the tasks done, you have to be with the damn person and it's better you like him/her, not...
And that is why having a SJ secretary (or such) is great. But for relatioships? I'd rather have someone I share interests and views with, than someone who tidies up my mess (and then is resentful...
Being controlling is an ExTJ thing but an ENTJ would be less likely to choose a way because it has always been that way.  I guess a SJ could sell weed if it was typical of his group, e.g....
Sure it's not SJ?
I agree with you in disagreeing with the post.  I'd say INTJs are the best for intellectual relationships and INFJs and ENFJs are those who can wake up my human side... WIth INFPs I've had...
I guess is the kind of feeling any type has when screwed up, and they call it inferior Si for ENxPs, NiFi loop for INTJs, etc. Basically one warps the functions to describe bad moods.
I have troubles finishing things. AND since I have no common sense I try to write long novels anyway ^^. It's not so much that I get bored, rather than I am caught by new ideas and I can't resist.
- Uberpopular social genius - nope, I am talkative and outgoing but I don't have those great social skills (although I must say, I started out very very low and actually improved by shameless...
It really depends on the case. I often go out without planning but if I have friends coming from far away, events that do require reservation, holidays to book from work and such... well when it's...
How do you notice Ne-dom? Are you referring to the signs listed in the site or you have your own reading? BTW the theory mentions naive eyes as a Ne sign, which I am not sure I agree with. ...
Have you ever heard about this site, or anyway about this theory? Type Me | Cognitive Types As ENTPs do you recognize yourselves in the NeTi video?  BTW when I tried to submit some vids of mine I...
I like INFPs! Just, I have to tell myself to be patient when they take their little hearts too seriously... it makes me eager to debunk you, guys, but since after all I like you I accept people are...
Wow, I had forgot about this post :kitteh:. I have always enjoyed writing - good outlet for the too-many-ideas I can have. The thing is, I get very enthusiastic about a story I want to tell, then...
I mean both famous writers and those of you who enjoy writing fiction.
Had an ENTP BF. I was in love and he wasn't so it didn't work. Amazing intellectual connection tho, when we left the worst thing was separating my ideas for his (think to the packs of stuff you make...
Since when lawyers *respect* the law? I thought it was about finding a way around.  <-- apprentice lawyer here.
Maybe my favourite series. It's fantasy with very real and charmingly ambiguous characters. It's not Good vs Bad but a complex tapestry of destinies, whose outcomes are not predictable. The last...
My distinction wasn't so much about E vs I activities (nor I can say which function I am using every time), but rather about doing something engaging as opposite to just wanting to shut down.
Something more. I suspect we often stereotype Fe as it appears in Si/Fe users, i.e. stressing the tradition aspect.   Example: xSFJ: Christams gatherings are Traditional so I can't even ever...
Usually you test high on Fi when you say i.e. that you won't compromise on your core beliefs. But well, almost anyone will have some beliefs that are not to be questioned, say, that raping babies...
Apparently we recharge by doing stuff we like. If I spend time in satisfactory activities I am happier and thus motivated to keep on going.
If I had a tiring day, unless I am 100% physically gone (=irresistibly falling asleep, sick etc), what I do to feel better is to engange in something I like - it can be meeting interesting people or...
that is the point. I never get tired of interesting people, even tho I still need time for my creative work.
Dunno, I can entertain myself pretty well for a while, the only thing is that I worry about ending up without interesting IRL people for any reason... been there and it sucks the hell.
I happen to like metal. Also, post-punk/goth rock are among my favourits although I don't take the gloomy atmosphere seriously (I was recently reasoning with a friend that I assume being an INFP,...
As a child I was too screwed to test. As a teen I was the argumentative clown who tries to fight about religion with the teacher because it's FUN! Also I could approach random strangers but it's not...
How does a mature ENTP use Fe? I see that growing up I am being more aware of the strange fact people have their feelings (one thing that downplays my troll side a bit), but still I can't say I am...
BTW. One of the questions at my interview was about an article I had no clue about; they asked me what I would have done if I had to deal with the case of the article such and such and me: I would...
Actually I am infamous for getting the idea right, but then mistaking how to spell the address of the firm... or something equally ludicrous. :P  I got into Law because I was fascinated by the idea...
I think somewhere we decided it is an ENTP thing.
Now I look. I was thinking to join the INTP thing but then I didn't bother...
Current Employer - a Law firm Previous one - another Law firm until they realized they weren't my only interest and that was baaaad. Education - BD in Philosophy, MD in Law. Note: where I live Law...
I don't use the rating system not for a matter of principle but because what I like may or may not overlap with general perception; also, because once you don't suck physically I stop caring so once...'"


5673: 'ESTPs don't know fear. ISTPs don't show it.
Keirsey says she's one of us.  Keirsey Temperament Website - Portrait of the Rational Inventor (ENTP)  Though some accounts describe her as more introverted.
A jovial hallo to you, too.
Glad to hear you've stopped lurking. :)
...when this is your idea of a chess puzzle:  http://timkr.home.xs4all.nl/chess2/lahtonen52.GIF White to move
Having never worked in HR, I wouldn't know.  However, I have worked for admissions committees at a few elite American uni's and, at best, there was an unconscious bias against introverted people;...
Psssh. C'mon, INFP -- where's the poetry in that?   EMPs, brah.
By Townsend, you're talking about Devin and not Pete with the extra 'h' (who's some NT), yes?  More: Iommi - ISTP Blackmore - ESxP EVH - xSTP Malmsteen - ENTJ Vai - ENTP Gilbert - ENxP...
I'm a baaaaaaad maaaaan.
My valentine to all of you INTJs...  ...what appears to be a real life INTJ villainess:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gc9Me4qFZYo   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfxAMPXVU5Q
http://pim.cpcache.com/product/61705867/istj_personality_goodies_mug.jpg?height=460&width=460&qv=90  Enneagram: the 1-3-5 triad
Welcome to the Cafe, fellow nocturnal creature.
Recent ISTP playlist stuff coughed up:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMPNjPpdjKU   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHSYXt1iEpE   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tymWpEU8wpM
Please, someone get  Thief Noctis on the line. :)
Unhealthy ISFP who became even more so when he caved in to certain vices  Isn't Bird usually considered an Fi-dom? :/
Little lights, huh? :) I hope the Dutch guv'mint is giving you tax credits for green energy and such.
The cold might not bother you, but can you survive this place? The cafe can get rather steamy -- certain parts of it, anyhow. :D
I've noticed the gentlemen in particular are prone to leaning on snarkiness as a crutch instead of merely using it as a tool - cut from the Comic Book Guy cloth.
Just THIS country? I'd be curious as to what % of disposable income spent is controlled by females (a decisive factor in modern day gender portrayals in the media) in other developed nations.
Mind you, it's often said that the supermodel died the day heroin chic took over.
disguise is right. Genes aren't legos. It would be TheUglyLOCUS, or even likelier, TheUglyLOCI.  Welcome to the boards.
I'm sad to say that he exemplifies the quackier side of ENTP.
ESxP  Neither my MBTI-interested fashionista friends nor I have yet come across an Ne-dom or NT super.
She reminds me A LOT of the film portrayal of Luna Lovegood. So a nine fix might not be far off. Could be 9w8.  Looking at the OG supermodels, quite a few introverts in the bunch. :O
Be wary of celeb confirmations -- they tend to fall prey to HumanMetrics. *gag*
Lurking for years? For a Nova, you took your sweet time in thawing that Ice.  But I've no doubt it will be worth everyone's while.
During the series's classic seasons, he always came across as ESTP. Very in-the-moment, by-the-seat-of-his-pants, and his show's slapstick approach agrees with this. Some type him as ENTJ -- not...
Pro tip: Whenever you're about to give a big speech to your brood, take a couple huffs of SF6. It's badass; you won't regret it.
It has some interesting ideas awash in a pretentious stew of Playstation-commercial trappings and allusions to Paradise Lost.  EDIT: Proud red pill popper, here. :cool:
I'll say you have!  No solidarity for your paisani? (sp.?) Antonioni, Fellini, Rossellini, de Sica, Visconti, et cetera?
There's always the possibility you're a social extrovert and a Jungian introvert.
My thread got derailed in fewer than five posts.  Conclusion: Resounding success
By wending their way into the hearts of ENTPs, thereby reducing the amount of havoc wrought, they protect the world.
Not all of them. In such a situation, my Ne and Fe work in tandem to let me know I'm guilty of a territorial breach.  Ain't ambiversion grand?
Please change mine to OrdinarinessIsAFWTD
Do you feel as though you have to 'don a mask' in order to make and maintain connections with others? If so, to what extent?  Welcome to the Cafe, by the way.
Seeing as we're the most overrepresented among early adopters of new stuff...  Bitcoin and its kind might well be the next technological revolution we've been pining for. Can anything that gives...
INTP/ENTP pairing. Very good movie, BTW.
Doesn't reflect well on ENFx's if they're trying to claim her for one of their own...
Welcome! *cue Waltzing Matilda played by a 100-piece orchestra*
Both seem like xSTP (Stone especially)
Cuban: Obnoxious but not stupid ENTP Skip: Obnoxious but kinda stupid ENTP Steven: ENFP
That's unfortunate. :tongue:  In most non-mainstream music scenes, there's a tacit protocol that musicians should be supportive of each other and avoid physically/verbally butting heads. Kenny G...
When he discusses his work, he does so in a clinical, precise, non-confrontational manner.  The tipping point was this explosion of inferior Fe:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-mjt1ypiF8
I'm pretty sure Kennedy is an ENTP.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YqdjvcBUf0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iVYu5lyX5M I'm such a dork. :3
INFPs tend to be calm, unflappable individuals--perhaps more than any other of the 16--but Jung help anyone who...
The late frontman of INXS, Michael Hutchence, seemed very much the ISFP:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPSywChthtQ
Welcome to the Cafe. It's like the Hotel California - you can check out any time you like, but you can't ever really leave.
From most gregarious to least:  ESFJ ESFP ESTP ENFJ ESTJ ENTJ ENTP ENFP'"


5688: '90669  This was taken just before my students came into the room hehe:tongue:
Lol that made me smile, contradictions often do.  I tend to listen to music a lot while under stress or multitasking then it help me with rythm I often find that I end up doing work in time with the...
Yeah I can relate to this easily, I like the music video u posted, now I got something new to listen too XD Word Dispenser
hey guys thanks for some music ideas, much appreciated XD
Hey guys,  I was just wondering which music helps you with depression?  I tend to find some of the foo fighters music works for me and so does Robyn.  I have eclectic tastes in music hehe
I imagine many people would be a lot better off to be honest, i cant get on facebook or message my fiance right now so I am in depressed mood, although I can't help that I feel that even she would be...
Yeah about my friend Tommy i mentioned a long time ago i just got word via email, he died of cancer 4 months aog, sorry Raichan I can;t get back into my facebook, i hope you get this message.  Love...
85399 This is me Can't get any uglier lol
Hi Guys  I have recently been diagnosed with borderline personality disorder which explains a lot of issues I have had in my life both in the distant past and now.  Anyone else with BPD feel...
ERM a funny one for me:  1.  I love driving around the UK and Poland although Poland can be very treacherous 2.  I don't feel that any particular type make the best drivers 3.  White Van Drivers...
69741  grrrrrrrrrrr i want images to be bigger lol
ok i mean my one true love Raichan - yes sure u can make me breakfast if u like i spend too much time in the kitchen these days cooking anyway lol hugs XD
right now i only feel connected to my children and my future wife hehe x x x x
Enxu - I can totally relate to stolen childhood if u wanna talk more about it send me message
@devoid awwww friendly hug for you  I on the other hand want my girlfriend by my side and a cooked breakfast, droool
devoid awwww friendly hug for you  I on the other hand want my girlfriend by my side and a cooked breakfast, droool
i totally agree and am impressed with ur indepth anyalsis of ur situation not many people realise that we can sometimes learn a lot from the most unlikley sources
True life story when i had long hair i leaned over to observe my toaster and the toast popped out and jammed my hair in the release mechanism it was tough explaining tht one
Chuck Noland - Castaway, sorry former INFJ now entp but i used to talk to a lot of people as INFJ hehe hope everyones ok
I cut off some people in the past too, i did it for a reason at the time but it doesnt stop me from missing them sometimes when i think back to fun in the sun and beers and barbeques.
how do i change the size of my pic on here? every time they thumbnail sized :(
69726
I recently was assaulted by a man in a sexual way.  I am male myself.  Ever since I have not been able to look anyone in the eye.  I am not sure if it because I am angry and want to vent to someone...
I am a college lecturer in software engineering but I am not so sure i want to do this forever i feel that I want to concentrate more on being a games developer or move into quantum physics of which...
Yes you are being too harsh on yourself, you work extremely hard already, as I said to you many times before you need to give yourself a break my love  OB
Hi Guys   I am a college lecturer who kind of had OCD about his teaching practice and personal philosophy.  Any other teachers out there who wanted to share good practice/ bad practice/ experiences...
Yeah there was once a kid who started at the same school as me and he was called Tommy and I just knew we were going to be friends for many years.
Thank you everyone I am feeling much better, thank you for the pm i receive.  Thank you Raichan for a great day yesterday x I love you
I feel that I am on the verge of doing something really bad please help, im cutting everything out of my life and I know what is coming I have Borderline Personality Disorder and am not always in...
Hi  Yes this is true, every time we test something predicted by quantum theory we always derive a result which proves the validity of quantum theory.  The reason why people are quick to assume it...
Yes I totally agree the images we can capture from telescopes provide us with some fantastic and some of the most beautiful images.  We are part of mother natures gallery of work  OB
Why start a thread like this and then abandon it?  This is the most fascinating subject as it concerns all areas from geography, maths, physics to Humanity and many others.  Maybe Orpheus is a...
Why do people always expect to much from me? I want only a little trust and loyalty in return and they can't seem to manage it
I confess I was late to work and blamed it on my ride making me late when I actually slept in haha!
hey guys I am retiring account keep the thread alive for me I never had so much fun take care and keep it going  Thanks  OB
This is not true my love, u r the best!!!
Ok I just learned something new through google scholar, one scientist believes that all matter is data to some degree when it is absorbed by a black hole it changes the black hole in a way that means...
Yes to some extent I agree with this although I do read a lot of fiction myself, Arthur C Clarke inspired scientists to build artificial satellites around 100 years ago based on a book about bouncing...
I feel ashamed for not remembering the name of the person who conceived this approach, if you watch Prof Brian Cox Mysterious of the Universe he talks about it in that short series.
Yeah Im kind of glad I did I never created a thread this powerful before
Hiya  All they know is that they found the anomaly they were looking for within the Higgs experiment comparable to the wow event of the search for ETs back int he 70's.  The significance of this im...
Can I also add that some people may have the impression that nothing travels faster than light but neutrinos I believe have been proven too do just that or am I mistaken.  We also know that cosmic...
In order to understand as much as possible behind black holes we must first understand what gravity is.  It is not simple a force which pulls you down, nor is it a force which pulls you towards a...
wow im blown away by this response
Hi  I wanted to start a science thread to discuss some of the content I teach and study with.  I am currently researching papers on quantum entanglement and marking systems analysis essays.  You...
Hi All  I am a college lecturer in games development, software engineering, ICT, Project management, physics and Systems Analysis.  I find this information fascinating.  Naturally I study the...
Taking a break from the usual trance, jean michel jarre, war of the worlds, modern music and listening to this as I am Vexed right now about life, about opportunities and the people tried messing my...
wow I am so pleased to have had this impact with this thread, if all people in the world were this grateful and appreciative imagine how humanity would be shifted to a more peaceful resolve.  ...
I know there is probably one of these already but I wanted to start a new one.  Have you got in mind someone who want to say thank you to?  Thank them here and note what they have done for you! ...
wow guys thank you so much, there is such good indsight, I am also impressed to see a reference to Socratic method.  The students feedback is usually very high comments like aw cant u teach us for...'"


5699: 'Yes, stop that thinking, you thinking person you. What is wrong with you doing all that thinking about things anyway.  Just take your blue pill so you can ignore reality!
Yes, isn't it time to start singing Kumbaya and start making smores?   I'm calling the FBI. This thread has been hijacked by a pair of teddy bears.
The noise you hear is the crap rolling around between your ears INFp.
No doubt. Facepalm and INFP are redundant.
I'm just waiting for them quietly disappear back into the woodwork.  It wouldn't be very sporting to rip them a new one. Too easy.
Good to hear. Perhaps I can learn something about revenge from a master like you, but that is something I've typically not had much use for.     Oh dear, was that a backhanded compliment?  And I...
and damn useful tool for criticizing.   See how I interjected a criticism while maintaining the flow of the conversation?  An art, I tells ya. An art.
That would make sense except that she said the world and not the observed world.  Difference.
but it'll get me everywhere I want to be.  That's all that matters!  I better insert some vague insult here -- What the freak do you mean this world is abstract? Are you taking some kind of drug...
You make good points, Hypathia.  But we ENTPs can create a diversion with our magical Ne abilities making those around us forget about our lack of emotional intelligence!  and...  [poof!] we're...
Seeming to be aloof doesn't impair the ability to understand others, INTJ. In fact, quite the opposite. Being able to stand outside can increase one's ability to get to the base cause of surface...
INTP misses when a comment is earned and not crafted. A person who mentions trolling 12 year olds has that on his mind. That = Creepy.
Creepy person alert!  INTP you over thought the situation and came out socially awkward, as usual.
Hey INTP, the INTJ is the perfect person to give advice in this forum since it gives everyone an ironic laugh!
You believe revenge is more noble?  Really?  Perhaps you have more F in you than you admit to.
Thank you for reminding me why I avoid ENTJs.  On another note, perhaps an inflatable dart board filled with ENTJ ego would be just the thing!
Isn't troll a word that ENTJ's use to attack anyone they think is plotting against them?
Mushy is good to land on when you are taking a fall.  Always carry an IxFP around for cushioned comfort!  Hey ENTJ, try to invent another reason to have IxFP around... oh wait, you can't do that...
Admit it INTP, half the time you don't even know what is going on around you.  Can you say Oblivious?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkexA9cYAds&list=PLVghCsVYjy1oiK0-MYqMF4V9u1Cwc9WnZ
I forget that ISFJs are mind readers.
How do you know that I wasn't being optimistic?!   :ninja:
We may be entertaining each other, but we killed the thread in the process!    R.I.P. Criticize the personality type above you! thread.
Oh, INFP. You disarm me with your idealism, which I find too whimsical to find much fault with.  Just leave the practical problem solving to we ENTPs, and you can entertain us.
Great! An INFP wearing reflective bodysuit armor.  Must... find... sunglasses.  Ahhh better now.
INFP, do yourself a huge favor and avoid this thread since you're bad at taking criticism.  In fact, you are probably reading criticism toward you when its directed at other types. You will thank me...
I want to break the rules to THANK the type above me for being a rational adult in a thread that has seen little rationality or adult behavior. Naturally it took an INTP.  Other types could learn a...
Right! Feelers aren't pigs, they are more like useless little gerbils that you have to take care of.
Which is not a good excuse, INTP! You sloppy little pig of a human being, if you can't use the language properly then don't use it at all, especially in a public forum where you'll embarrass your...
Wantabe ENTP, that's hardly a criticism!  All should aspire to such greatness.
Superiority comes easy after spending time with an ISTJ.   Candy > baby.
Game, set, match.
possibly, but not likely since the framework was factual rather than experiential. I'm surprised to see an INTP make that mistake. Your type is usually more on top of details like that.
I think you mean our Ne. Our Fe would be more polite, so we save it for real life interactions.  And this is my Ti replying to you. But see how I use Ti to achieve an Ne result?  Fascinating huh :-p
[QUOTE=TwitchdelaBRAT;4343792]I'll gladly come over there and beat you with your own malformed Ti.   It is kinda cute to see an INFJ try to act mean.
The inevitable risks of protecting others from life, INFJ.
What are you protecting the ISTJs from, INFP?  Perhaps you're projecting your own confused state onto others. INFJ needs to learn how to let people make their own choices and learn from mistakes....
The box doesn't exist. It's all a figment of your (collective) mindset. Boxes exist to make you feel more comfortable with reality. Think of it as more of a snuggly blanket coat. There's nothing...
Is easier to poke fun at your own type. You know them better.  Then again, INTP's are ENTP's closest type cousin. I come out borderline INTP due to being very low on the extrovert scale.  I think...
And this is an example of what I mean by internet tough guy.   wouldn't have the guts to do this to someone's face, but what a mighty beast he is behind the safety of his anonymity.    I call...
intj == the internet tough guys. would shrivel into a meek flower face to face.
The OP was projecting when he gave those type attributes.  He apparently does this a lot on here.
Paradise Circus by Massive Attack .
You know you're an ambivert when your introvert friends think you're an extrovert, and your extrovert friends think you're an introvert. :-)
Of course you're good at chemistry. ENTPs think they are good at everything.   Being entp myself, I know of that which I speak, and even those which I do not speak. :-)
You nailed it, arkigos.
Definitely an ENxP.  You seem pretty sure about that.  I'd like to find out what you base the N on other than his being a smart guy. You see, there are a ton of smart S-types out there, and the...'"


5717: 'The difference is one is an ENFP and one is an ENTP.  Stuff like ''emotional sensitivity'' won't help you any because people's emotional states are variable based on upbringing, culture, life...
This mostly applies to immature ENFPs. I'm seeing an ENFP boy right now and none of these apply to him.  ----  Things that irk me about ENFPs:  -- Sanctimonious, easily offended crybabies who...
WARNING: Communicates primarily via hyperbole and sarcasm.  [This would be mostly for my own sake, because I'm sick to death of being ''corrected'' by people when I was exaggerating and being silly...
1) Do you ever make plans about your future?   Yes.  2) How do you perceive other people?   Irritating, mostly.  3) What do you think about society?
Yes.
When I was little, between the ages of 5 and 7, I had a recurring dream. Not a whole lot happened in it; I was simply paralyzed in the middle of a road, and a car was bearing down on me. I always...
I don't like the science but the science likes me
Am polyamorous also.
Have I mentioned sex or looks or any variation thereof anywhere in this thread?
''Emotional needs'' are in constant flux along with one's mental health. A chronically mistreated, stressed and unhappy INTP is going to have higher need for emotional support than a happy and stable...
INTPs are Judgement dominant[Ti] and ENTPs are Perception dominant[Ne]  That's the definitive difference, and it's quite a big one. They speak a similar language, but the way they approach the...
He is no ENTP. I don't see Ne-Ti in his thinking.
''Regardless of gender, feelers prefer making decisions with their heart, and are naturally more sensitive, empathetic, warm and communal. Asking for promotions or putting themselves first ain't...
Yes, we already know that birds and insects and fish can see spectrums of light that we can't.  Also, colour blindness is more complex than simply being unable to perceive colour.
I'm pretty sure that's the entire driving force of scientific enquiry.
I'm saying they generally have some level of self respect.
And then they eat you alive.  Stay out of the long grass.
I see you missed the ''rare and exotic creature'' part of my post and the suggestion they don't like that.
They're the ones walking off because you talk about them like they're a rare and exotic creature you want to add to your weirdo collection.
Forget him. You deserve better.
Your sleep schedule isn't related to your type.
This is an overly simplistic description of Fe.  Fe is not sheeplike. You can gauge the moral consensus around you and still disagree with it. The primary aspect of Fe is that it *looks outward*,...
All of those can be traits of ENFPs. They're pretty broad ENP traits.  He's not ''slightly'', he's ''very''. Dude is Fi out the wazoo - he goes bonkers if he can't stay in line with his ethical...
He's an ENFP.  His wife is the ENTP.
What lol.  I can't think of anything that would function as a clarion call for ENTPs. Maybe free cheesecake.  Certainly not ethics.
He sure does.  https://41.media.tumblr.com/8341f0160702a4f7051bc5ea45cd5189/tumblr_nipsvqEyKu1qeyvp7o1_540.jpg
turn on: money turn off: no money
They're probably mistyped. and/or stubbornly refusing to acknowledge they are actually INFPs.
I think in order to really, truly focus on something an Ne dom has to ''suspend'' Ne and switch to Ti, or somehow curtail their Ne with Ti. Ti is laser-focused and unstoppable when you're on a roll....
I wrote something once about how the Joker was ''Ne squared''. And not just because of his randomness/chaotic nature, but his entire mindset, and the whole ''super sanity'' concept Grant Morrison...
Good food Early Spring days when the temperature is just right genuinely kind people the smell of coffee baby animals The click / rush of euphoria when you suddenly understand something
I used to zone out terribly in social situations and got picked on for it a lot.  I've gotten better at focusing though. It was mostly due to stress / anxiety.
I kind of cracked up when she talked about being ''wired'' because a TJ's concept of ''wired'' is nothing like a TP's
NTJ: Jamie Hyneman NTP: Adam Savage  NTJ: the Brain NTP: Pinkie  NTJ: Dr Bunsen NTP: Beaker
How hard is it to stay out of a thread if you have no interest in the subject at hand?
My 9th grade science teacher told us this story once about how he was camping out in the bush, and he awoke in the middle of the night and KNEW he had to leave or something terrible would happen. He...
This one time I was hanging out with some friends on a sofa bed. There was maybe 3 or 4 of us just chillin'. Then, at the EXACT SAME MOMENT, we all screeched and dived under the covers.  ''Did you...
thanx bro
His justfications for his actions are all very very Fe based. Whether or not he's being honest or dishonest or spoon fed or whatever doesn't change that...
I have no idea what point you're trying to make tbf.
I would rather eat my own face than work in a call center.
Those set me off pretty bad.
Oh well I guess the matter is closed, because you know one racist ISFJ.
Oh, god. All three of these things can make me borderline homicidal.
Yes? How you process the world [ie your cognitive functions] informs your mindset? What's the issue?  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_view
Yep I definitely do this.  I also imagine myself speaking to an audience sometimes instead of 2 people arguing.
I did this a while ago and I'm too lazy to redo it lol, but I'm definitely left-libertarian like apparently every other NT here.  Perhaps we should start some kind of lefty syndicate.
Morons.  Unearned authority.  Sanctimonious people.
Yes....? Not sure what your point is.
You seriously think a person's chosen career doesn't reflect their philsophy and personality? Ok.    What on earth do you think cognitive functions are if they don't reflect a particular mindset?...'"


5727: '716017 This is what it came up with. I am leaning toward 7w6, there are some things about 9 that I identify with.
When you are in your work clothes hours after your shift because you get caught up in other things that you forget whats going on in the moment.
I am pretty sure that's what her boyfriend implies. Which is sad really. I think she can be feminine at points, and she is probably the best boss I have ever worked for. Does not micromanage me at...
So question for women ENTJ's in particular, my boss is an ENTJ, and her boyfriend said it's like dating a man can you relate to this? She said she gives a firm handshake and he told her that. I...
so apparently I am an earth dragon 1988, some of the descriptions don't really fit, but it's fun to look at.
I generally try to be as 50/50 as I can, but I know that isn't always the case. Some weeks I am just too unmotivated or mentally drained, and I spend a great amount of time to myself. I live with a...
Basic Questions: 1) Newly 29 years old. 2) currently in Saginaw, MI 3) My social life exists of playing online multiplayer games, and occasionally at the bar singing karaoke lol 4) currently...
Sexual chemistry is a flat out must have. The better the chemistry, the easier it is for me to be intimate and show my affection. Sexual chemistry + intelligence = win. Nothing sexier than being with...
Hello everyone,  I just need some more clarity about the tertiary Fe and how this plays a role with the ExTP types. I would definitely say that I am a team player, I do enjoy the team building, and...
Hey guys,  Have any of you taken the predictive index test for a job or career? I am interested to see some of the results and compare. For example my D (haha)  is the greatest of the four, C being...
I was offended....when someone told me they were offended.
Now that you have read my title (I heard it actually works), I guess I can introduce myself.   My name is Jason, I have been into MBTI for a few years now. I just kind of appeared on this site one...
I confess that I am afraid to fall in love again, and be vulnerable.
I can learn to let go of the little things and move on, but I have been burned a few times. I usually make the executive decision to remove the toxicity from my life, especially if I'm not invested...
98322  What the hell does More capitalistic mean? lol Please share yours if you have an Okcupid, curious to see some of the traits that OKC labels you with.
There are certain things that I absolutely love about Fe, but there are certain things that throw me for a loop. Ive been in long term relationships with INFJ and ENFJ respectively. I can tell you...
This was more of a joke, I wasn't being 100% serious :P
u200bThe pessimism, it hurts.
Unpopular opinions:  It is better to be poor and happy doing something you love, than being rich doing something you loathe everyday.  You have lost the minute you start conforming to societal...
checked out the book Psychological Types today at the school library and decided to give it a go. I hope I will actually challenge myself to read it instead of procrastinating and just letting it...
I love how a lot of these ISTJ's are like As long as I get my personal space. This makes me laugh, and want to facepalm in disdain also. Personal space is one of the most important factors in a...
LOL yeah right. I bet you 100$ when he goes home and has alone time, he is thinking about all that bullshit that just happened. He is playing up his Ne-Te to you guys. I have done it, most ENFPs do...
sometimes having Fi is just so raw ,so heavy sometimes. Its like a paper towel that is soaking up the emotions. We are so absorbent  and unlike Fe that just pours it out, we just keep absorbing, But...
I actually do some of the same things. We are friggen Ne doms people. We are tangenty mother fuckers. I cant keep my attention on things like studying for too long or else I just go nuts. If...
Its much like Ne-Fi also being quite introverted at times, its just because Ne isnt a directive function and when overloaded with stimulus, we tend to just go hide and process all the shit we just...
Hey there trish! We are everywhere around here so it isnt hard to find a fellow ENFP wandering around the forums. :D Welcome
This made me laugh pretty hard, just becuase I do the same thing. That Ne man. Always picking up shit. It just comes natural for us to get all this information about people, clothing style, body art,...
Yes most definitely!! This is because our Ne looks beyond sense data, so we dont really give a shit what they are wearing, we just gather how their person is on the inside! We look through all the...
Yep, no boundaries between me and the person I like. I will stop what I am doing and go out of my way to talk to them or hang out with them if possible. I am definitely a little bit touchy and I like...
Well I guess I didnt look hard enough then lol
He is definitely Ti dom, he is very analytical and concrete in his ways. He loves breaking shit down to see how it works. Ti-Se at play there. He is more calculated and always looking for that...
One of my best friends and roommates is ISTP. I will have to watch for his brows when I am talking with him or just in general. I know for a fact he uses he hands ALOT when speaking. Always...
How in the hell is there not a thread about this? Let the appreciation commence people! I grew up with my best friend Wade, who is INFJ. We just connected so instantly and even though we don't live...
Indeed, I love to laugh and smile. I always have a blast with my roommates when are all hanging out in the living room and having a good time.
Yes, I have been asked that too, many times. :)
I am an ENFP, and I stay up super late doing last minute homework, because realizing it's due tomorrow gets my ass in gear!
I had someone ask me today if I was on acid LOL! Na, I was just in high mental energy Ne mode!
If you were here I would never be far, but near. If I was there I would give you nothing but care. Over the years, I have spent my life Covering your tears, And protecting you from your fears....
75909the most recent one of myself.
I realized that the girl that I saw wasn't in fact an ENFP but an ESFJ. How I got that mixed is beyond me. I must have been blinded by her outside persona. When we met and she spent time with me, it...
That was a very amazing video!!!!!!!!! I love home movies! So much Ne there haha.
Hey let me know when you are down for a interaction video
DaveSuperPowers&#39;s channel - YouTube  They are creating a website called Intuitive time. Its still in the works..although you should check out those videos.
Anyone available for some video chat?
Depends on how mature or developed the person is...immature ENFPs who aren't in touch with themselves and know what they want out of life should not be in a romantic relationship IMO. Same goes for...
They need to come up with a very specific cognitive functions test that isn't so vague. Something that sets all of the functions apart from one another vastly so we can get a more in depth reading on...
Yes, I do the same. You explained it perfectly :D
This...you took the words right from me.
Well I can relate to you quite well being an ENFP. I am like a social nomad. I can meld into any group but I usually feel removed because I do not feel like I am apart of the group. I think its just...
Yes I avoid doing that as well...interesting. My brother used to say, my mom said this. I used to say, well dont you mean our mom? or just mom? lol. In fact my wording is so different that some...'"


5735: 'as title states. anyone know any tips or systems to improve decisiveness?
Since all 3 have leaked, any thought on these albums? Born sinner was a bit boring for me but still good, Mac Miller was surprisingly good on this album and Yeezus blew me away. Kanye west is insane.
Like the title said. I dont know if I was always an entp but i know i changed dramatically when something happened to me when to me when i was still a kid. but yeah discuss.
green orange blue gold
wow same here. me and my nt brother both hate phone conversations. i like continually assessing someones facial reactions and slight movements and gestures to things i say. i take in a lot of...
9/10 made me laugh
I voted for these three unlike those rule breakers above me :wink:  not well-informed/ ignorant about the world materialistic not well-informed/ ignorant about the world
oho clever.
Personally i wouldnt know which type would be the anti entp type but from my experience it isnt istj's as most of you have said. two of my good friends are istj's and they're not boring to be around...
Yeah me too. I got tired of how unproductive and apathetic it made me feel. I've moved on to better things
legalize that green! i dont do it anymore. was a major pothead last year though.
i never update my facebook status if that counts for anything.
foolish me thinking that i would get a serious response from people like me haha.
I dont like saying good luck but i cant really think of anything that would be a suitable replacement. I dont really like ill pray for your success or do your best. anyone have any cool replacements?
Im pretty good i think. i have a good feel for rhythm and can groove to most things with a fast beat. Ive never done anything like ballroom dancing or salsa or anything
god i hate math. it doesnt interest me at all. i know that if i applied myself i'd be doing well in my calc II class, but....whatever
haha its cool. I should've known better but hey, i like trying new things.  Maybe ill join SGA or something.
Well i joined investment banking club, but that really wasn't for me. I dont think ive found my passion either so that kinda sucks. Ill try and get involved in more things though it seems like a good...
Im in my second year of college (started out as comp sci major switching to poly sci/sociology next semester) and im considering taking a break. I really dont know what I want to do and college makes...
He's my new favorite hip hop artist and and breath of fresh air in the hip hop scene. He is so consistent and his new album good kid maad city is a classic in my opinion. Any other opinions on him?
how to do you guys think a entp and istj team would work out? would our strengths fill in each other's weaknesses or would we clash instead?
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Its ok. At least im closer to narrowing down my options. I thought i was introverted because i was surrounded by people i really didnt connect with. At that point also i didnt understand why i felt...
thanks for the response! is it normal as an entp to feel really introverted sometimes? im more unsure of whether im E or I
I've been having doubts as to what my type is. If anyone can offer a little insight it would be much appreciated.  0. Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For...
Damn i need me an ENFP now.
Im independent to a fault. Like others have said i wont ask for help when i need it, but i have gotten a little better at that i suppose. Its the need to be entirely self-sufficient i guess.
I've never had a panic attack either, and sleep paralysis? Seems terrifying from what I've read. I really hope it never happens to me. The brain is an amazing thing.
Is not joining Facebook a sign you're a psychopath? Some employers and psychologists say it's 'suspicious' | Mail Online  Check this bullcrap out. It's appalling.
Someone was bored, and I don't eat ice cream. Last year, I ate it maybe twice or three times. I dunno.
NTPI-the arcologist The second of the pure rationals, the NTPI tends towards creating utopian architectures. It does this out of a strong intuition of global truth.   Reasonable. I see myself...
I consider myself fairly driven/ambitions. I have plans to graduate college without any student loans(hopefully). I'm still trying to zero in on my desired field though.
I fall into your first category. It's really REALLY hard to get out of that childhood indoctrinated mind state, but now I'm more of a deist instead of a Christian.
Wow i never expected to be nominated. cool!
It's not even about dominance! I know that no personality is dumber or smarter and I'm not advocating anything but with N's and S's there seems to be a difference in thinking that separates us and...
I was a wrestler throughout highschool. It was pretty much a love hate relationship with it. But there's nothing like winning a match and getting that pin. Plus it got me really fit too. I like a lot...
Which Is The Smartest MBTI Type? | Slayerment  I would rather discuss the S v N comparison rather than the whole which individual type is smarter thing. For example sometimes some of my S...
Yep. It's actually pretty easy. When you realize that they're of no use to you and don't offer you anything as a person all bridges get burned.
Kush and Corinthians-Kendrick Lamar  [Chorus: Kendrick Lamar] Ride to it, ride to it, cause you never know when a bullet might hit and you die to it, die to it Die to it, die to it, live your...
Very few people listen to hip hop how sad. On another note I also like electronic style music but abhor metal. I don't really like rock either but I can tolerate some of it.
This. The whole movie is amazing, and the business card scene is phenomenal. Now I have to go return some videotapes.  One of my personal favorites is Moriarty from the BBC version of sherlock.
Do I care about not keeping up with friends? Not really, I'll see them again in the fall I just wanted to know if this behavior is concurrent.
Do any of you tend to do this? For example, school-wise when I'm home and put in almost next to zero effort in keeping communication with my friends. When I see them next year for example they always...
From on outside perspective this clip:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtmndVpJrW8 When I get so involved in something it's like nothing else exists.
off topic but your avatar is hilarious Kakarookee. On topic my tendency to space out and the fact that my mind is a maelstrom of everything.
Hey I like that song.
So who caught that episode of jersey shore last night?
my bro is an intj so I guess I know how to communicate or handle them. You get the idea.
I love Hip hop most out of all the things I listen to. I take it most people here don't but w/e. This however is one of my favorite electronica tracks by Flying Lotus. It's absolutely amazing and...
I love staying fit. Calisthenics all the way for me with some parkour as well. I eat healthy most of the time too. I like trying to push my body to its limits, when I feel like it.'"


5749: 'Not my style. Too narrow-minded.
Ironically, topics about intelligence are rarely intelligently discussed.
Probability vs strength. The scores indicate how likely you are a given preference, not how much of a given preference you have.
What would be any different about a manic-depressive in a depressive state?   FWIW, here's an excerpt on manic-depression:      - The Tavistock Lectures
According to Jung, depression is always an introverted condition. This does not mean that introverts are always depressed or that extraverts are never depressed. It simply means that you are in an...
Should authors be forced into another other jobs or go on welfare to support their writing career? Who will pay to publish and advertise said writings? Isn't the writings already free to access via...
Ok, so you are talking about the metaphysical you. But what about the physical you? Your parents made that, no?
Baby or adult, I'm still the genetic lottery winner of their dna. Baby is only one stage of your existence. Or do you believe that when you turned into a toddler your parents no longer made you?
Didn't your parents make you?
Or they all borrowed from the original... :P  FWIW, the scores do not indicate how introverted or not you are, but how likely you are an introverted type.    If you asked yourself why the...
According to ethical guidelines:    Ethical Use of Administering:   The Myers & Briggs Foundation - Ethical Use of the MBTI Instrument
I had the same thought! lol
he claims he's an ENFP on twitter
Maybe you're just socially awkward?
Reminds me of a certain presidential candidate...
Evasive.
Evidence?
I'd argue that this is less MBTI and more the random third-party fan-based sites that are not based on any kind of research.
FYI - According to MBTI, 55% is a probability, not a measure of strength or development.
Too many misconceptions and misrepresented facts to deal with. :S  On a slightly different note, @reckful has a great post on MBTI debunking.  In any case, here's a partial response to the...
http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/273458-mbti-reference.html#post8367090
And yet neither MBTI nor Jung asserts such a function stack... So it sounds like MBTI is bullshit! :P
Out of curiosity, if an extravert prefers to spend a lot of time alone, what makes that person extraverted?
http://i.imgur.com/fEObthI.gif  Way to get that dragon!
Hmmm... let me take some alone time to reflect upon my memories and experiences, see how I feel about it, then come up with a detailed plan of how to approach the subject.
Or Myers if you want the straight up actual MBTI type theory.
Maybe this will help. I've copied some of the bullet points from the manual. Each facet has many points, I just copied the first for each one. I've also omitted the midzone points.  Ideal criteria...
@Octavarium  So if we back up for a moment, do the facet category descriptions make sense? These should be the first distinctions. The subsequent descriptions should be taken in context of their...
The above are the in-depth descriptions. Can you elaborate on what you are unclear on? Can you provide some specific examples?
Overdeveloped Ti pisses me off. They tend to overthink things.
To contribute to the OP, I think this reflects my communication preferences well: ...
What a bizarre response. If someone tries to understand something, they are trying to gain the upper hand? :confused:  EDIT: Are you owning your opinion here?
The first problem is that you are not comparing MBTI to anything. If you took a free online test, then you haven't done the assessment. The official process involves both an online (or paper form)...
I like yellow too! My favourite jacket as a teen was yellow. Nowadays I have a big yellow hoodie that I like to wear.
Here is an example from MBTI workshops. The group is given a scenario like: you are picking up a friend to go to an event. Your friend is wearing something completely inappropriate for the event....
MBTI doesn't, which is probably the biggest factor it doesn't account for in attraction.
For all those who make claims that some types are better/lesser than others, you don't understand MBTI at all. :P Myers called her book Gifts Differing for a reason.
What an interesting theory.
Eh?  Person takes the assessment. Person is taught the theory. Person self assesses. Person is given report of the original assessment. Person compares to self-assessment. Person verifies...
You don't seem to be understanding me and I can only repeat myself so many times. We will simply have to agree to disagree at this point.
So the forest is the end of a tree?
Yes! I'll use the person's name I'm talking to, but when I'm referring to others I will refer to the relationship, position, etc rather than their names.  In the DiSC model, D's and C's are more...
I do it all the time. It helps me to remember names because I'm likely to forget and just comes out naturally now. It is often not in a condescending tone, but rather a friendly one--'thanks Jim!' or...
FWIW, here is what the official documentation says (Introduction to Type by Isabel Briggs Myers):    Sensing  People who prefer Sensing like to take in information that is real and...
And what would be the common link in Sensing types? Intuitive types?
Care to offer your own take on the difference between sensors and intuitors?
I thought that was an SJ trait? :D
Unfortunately I can not remember the source of this information. It was either in Gifts Differing or some other source providing the history. I suppose you can take it with a grain of salt then.  ...
The ignorance is strong in this one. I like how you break out the right-wing typist nonsense only when an ISTJ calls you a troll, but not a fellow INFP. Talk about injustice. :P  NOTE: In case all...
Where's the swimming pool?'"


5759: 'If this person is an INFJ this thread compounds my confusion over why ENTPs and INFJs are supposed to be a good match.
No I'm bad with family.  I loved my maternal grandparents but one died and the other is a shell now due to dementia so may as well be gone.  I love my mum and sometimes we can be best friends but we...
(I'm 30 but just wanted to answer this)  Yes!  I just about remember pre internet life and it was.....boring.  sooooo boring.  The internet is the key to my happiness, I think.    Finding out...
I don't think I really do jealousy if that is defined as fear of losing someone - I figure everything happens for a reason and if the other person isn't 100% happy with me and staying with me through...
Really just two things I ask.  Freedom Intimacy/Friendship  Yes, I did marry my best friend...and it feels GREAT! :D
This, so much this.  We're just so painfully logical.  I think the 'break ups' (if you could call them that) that have wound me up have been the ones I've been unable to logically figure out - like,...
Yes to this - I find a lil competition actually gets me off my ass with things...and I am barely ever sat still just watching TV or whatever, I'm usually tinkering with another hobby whilst watching...
I live in Yorkshire, but am from Lancashire, however, as you probably know, the war wasn't yorkSHIRE vs LancaSHIRE, it was house of York vs house of Lancaster and that ecompassed folks from...
I just cannot fathom how ISFJ/ENTP works - maybe its better ISFJ female-ENTP mae because of trad. gender roles?  ISFJs seem to really loathe me...we just don't understand each other and I feel like...
ermagerd, I love Sunne in Splendour too and wrote my 'Bearnshaw' series off the back of it - check it out on amazon if you like ;)   The reviews might not show up in america but on the UK page its at...
same same same
When I first met my INTJ husband, I decided I was never going to speak to him again.  He had to really chase me and demonstrate his resilience and intelligence.  Once I decided I did like him, we...
1-Did you ever meet an INFJ man? Why our supposed perfect match are rarer than pandas in US zoos? Did you ever meet other ENTPs in real life? Did you like them?   I haven't knowingly met one but...
ain't no way sophia was an ENTP.
Yeah, sometimes I think I have so many personas I dont know which the real me is...'be yourself' is impossible for me, I'm too buys reflecting what's going on around me sort of.    INTJ husband...
I think we're coming at this from different angles.  Being a genius doesn't mean having to get rich to show off that fact?  Maybe we don't want a pristine showhome, maybe we have better things to...
Yes!  Had to stop reading the thread and jump in at this point ;)  Female entp here and experience most of what's been discussed by the others.  -we're rare -male friends are better because we...
I really don't think INTJ, I think an INTJ would be far too preoccupied with themselves and their interests to want to control or be responsible for all those people...stupid sheeple  I also think...
Seems few!  Do you think gender expectations play a part?  As a woman it feels like you're supposed to just be 'support crew' to a man.  Quiet, supportive, consoling, needy (to make them feel...
Really interesting Icy, thanks!  I think if things were to go sour between us, it'd be the same for me and my husband, we'd accept it, shake hands and no hard feelings.  So, it seems like it can...
ha, amazing.  especially the 'a girl cries' bit.
Agreed grrr, which is exactly why I posted.  I was constantly told when younger that I was older than my years etc. and I did come across as really mature and caring to people when I needed to -...
I suppose you're getting self pity now aswell... *puppydog face*
LOL, it's really not.  I don't even get where anyone can get bitterness from with that?  *sigh* I should never try to help, should I?
I don't know what that means, even googled it, but nothing - care to enlighten me?
it's the randomness I love - you there, yes you, let me just plug into your brain for a while, no strings...  oh the exquisite delight when you find an intelligent one!  haha.
Heyyy, I thought at least here, in the ENTP corner of the net, I could enjoy discussing something without being told stuff like that?  Or are we not allowed to play with non ENTPs even if they wander...
It's not horrible as such, I just know how much it hurts 'the feelers' out there (even though I can't actually *understand* that) - because I usually get *exactly* the kind of reaction I'm getting...
I bet most people being played by an ENTP would say the same, if we weren't good at it, it wouldnt be much of a game....look at the facts (if you want to ;) ): when there was no one else around (and...
This might not be what you want to hear, but ENTPs live for conversation and debate, and we're really charming and able to adapt to whoever's in front of us and push their buttons (positively or...
Similar - I view myself as a storyteller.  I can write a novel or a screenplay, work in the medium of film or radio.  I can also design and draw well.  Guess I'm just good at getting my message...
Yes!  Debates between ENTP and INTJ feel like Clash of the Titans, lol
In the past I craved another version of myself - oh what fun we'd have together, being spontaneous, so fun, so charming, and hogging the limelight.  He'd be tall, handsome and quirky.  We'd be an...
Me and my INTJ husband make a really good team when we're working together.  It only falls down because he's happy sticking to his one long term goal but I jump about from idea to idea.
I'm a flighty, can't-stick-at-anything ENTP who never had serious relationships.  Until I met my INTJ and settled down for the last 7yrs.    We're perfect; just the right amount of NT similar so we...
nah, no advice.  My weight and fitness fluctuate, I can't stick to anything and am prone to just enjoying myself too much #yolo.   the best exercise for me is exercise that achieves something,...
As I've aged I've come to realise that I don't get emotions and now I know why and can recognise it and try to work with it, so I think I'm getting better with that.  It's more her complete not...
depends on the idea I guess?
Is this an ENTP thing too do we think?  I just LOVE going on chatrooms and chatting to random people.  Everyone else seems to have grown out of it but sometimes I just need to connect and feed off...
*weeps with joy*   I am enjoying reading all this soooo much, and identify with so much.  I'm the child of an ENTP, a 'genius who couldn't make a living' as described by another poster above.  He...
I dunno, I'm comfortable talking about my feelings in relation to anything, but the thing is...I don't have many and I think that upsets people.  I have opinions, but 'feeeelings'? about sex?  Well,...
That's it, I think I have a lot of women who I think I *would* find attractive, if only I found them attractive, lol - so we're just intense mutually admiring friends instead 8)
Yeah I'd like to think I date people not genders but have never been sexually attracted to a woman :(
*high five*
Great to be able to roll eyes at each other at any kind of kidfest!
I like what adultchild's written and a lot of it goes for my partner too.  He's an alpha, but a real one, not someone who has to flex his muscles and be a macho dick all the time.  He's quiet and...
female ENTP - firmly straight.  Not because I have any problem with homosexual activity, in a way it appeals to me to be a lesbian because it would be 'different'...it just doesn't do it for me.  I...
I'm female too and exactly the same.  Attracting men is a game for me and it doesn't matter what they look like, it's all about keeping my interest and as soon as it's gone, so am I...
It entirely depends what I want them to think, and that depends on the situation.  I use a different persona for each interaction.  Sometimes I will dismiss people entirely if I think they are stupid...
Yup I've always done the persona thing: facebook causes me problems.'"


5789: 'Spite.
Goodbye, Andrea  There's blood in an artist's ink They write with bone Their pages think They pour endless breath on every page Crafting death Defeating age With sinew sublimed into words...
Cancer froths from a rabid thought And sanity evaporates Dissipated like a flat joke Leaving only want and fear I want to believe there was more than this But the moral stampede is deafening...
Chocolate and cum smearing your face, breath smelling saltier than the red sea, sweaty folds around your waist so fat that they take a couple seconds to catch up with the rest of you while you waddle...
I have a dirty mouth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEl9skiNc88  Trust me, I know. haha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8f8HciNGwM
Especially when you contrast it with all of the other awful Engrishness in that show. :P You could definitely be stuck with worse.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzGiAEABtW8
Beneath that blackened reef it dwelled Under brine-filled deep Where things boiled, bubbled and swelled Awakened from their sleep Where dark arcades mark endless days Within their dreaming eyes...
I, for one, find koalas quite cute; I'm sure you won't have much trouble snagging another like-minded Canuck. haha
I could see a pair of maple leaf pasties and some strategically placed syrup landing you a one-way ticket pretty easily.
Why the fuck did I eat all that pepperoni?
Regret  I marked the graves of my misdeeds And found that there were no more trees So I set upon the barren land Satchel full of seeds in hand The shadows of the stakes stood tall Surrounding...
Maudlin Elegy  In her voice youll hear an ache That leaves men weak within its wake Shell take all that you give and more Then leave you standing at her door Her pulse raised, her eyes drawn...
The flowers fucked, and so did I Beneath that tepid, trodden sky Where cum-stain clouds and daffodils Framed her ass and other hills And like a phallus forcing friction My mind was lubed and...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6kdTcL45SU
Butt-chugging is actually very economical.
Woke up wracked with coughs before they became so violent I stumbled over to spill my stomach into the toilet. 12 hours until my exam. Some days you just wanna curl up into yourself and sleep away...
https://38.media.tumblr.com/4c108059b6ff9a088805ddeabe86d4f7/tumblr_inline_o0he78e6w71qgp297_500.gif  If you know an ENTP well you'll have seen this playful look more than once, like a shark happy...
Thanking me out of spite. Well played.
No tampons, I air dry.
You're prettier than my figurines!
You're a real piece of shit, Obv. Let's be friends.
True, but I can see my date getting a bit cross if they're not expecting to be nailed like that. I should probably be more Judasious.
Just you, me and Jesus.
I'm late for another date.
Just as things are getting hot and heavy: You smell like my mom.
Sometimes you meet one. :wink:
Acquaintance  You cunt The stunted limit of my time for the idiot Makes brief life of my sentence With all the cadence of a bullet Through the hollow of their skull
Still the nonsensically socially conscientious psychopath, are we, Parrot? Hope you've been well.  I'm a 23 year old Canadian man, currently studying English with aspirations to become a novelist...
Politics  When silver spoons dig up the past Each more filthy than the last Each one shoveling more blame Claiming they've not done the same I feel all passion in me quell Too beleaguered by...
Stillborn Monday  My thoughts swing back to her and the pendulum stops A rotting sensation drowns out the clock Haphazardly kicking my stagnant heart down the road To nowhere
March 20th, 2003  Paradigms run parallel, impairing minds, they can't dispel The pondering, the wandering outside the lines they're conjuring Collapsing all their catalysts Metastasis of...
Jump on his wounded gazelle need for romantic validation, you beautifully neurotic lioness! Carpe Diem!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ov7-Ujz1ecs
Perhaps I misinterpreted your passive-aggressive proclamation at how easy your ex has made it for you to get over them as lashing out, along with your petulantly catty remarks about drama and marking...
I don't need every extraneous detail of your maudlin escapades to logically critique the words right in front of me. For example, claiming that you weren't lashing out, simply because you could have...
Anyone who feels the need to lash out at their ex in public, albeit anonymously, in an effort to get over them obviously isn't the most emotionally mature and mentally healthy individual. The way you...
1) Jeholopterus ninchengensis, because I like the idea of a tiny, flying, furry, vampiric dinosaur being at my beck and call. Plus, they're adorable.  2) Trust the Germans to have the most camp...
I believe that Don Quixote is ultimately an existentialist novel, as its message is largely predicated on absurdity and self-determination. You can easily see the tragedy of a banal world's utter...
I wonder if anyone's ever considered using a salami slicer as a re-purposed guillotine for repeat sex offenders.
So, you regularly fake affection towards people in your life in order to use them, like a tool, to benefit yourself. Yet, you believe it was only after becoming close with this other person that you...
Sweetheart, you've been finished for a while, whether or not you keep posting. The irony of your self-defeating behavior and how you've done nothing but confirm Daleks' initial assessments, after...
You're absolutely adorable. First, you deny the stereotype, and then when I explain how you fit it perfectly you make a vain attempt at deflection with some off-handed platitude. Stating you don't...
That really doesn't carry much while you consistently embody the ENFP stereotype of passive-aggression, darling.
This type of smug, self-justifying, passive-aggressive behavior is exactly why ENFPs make awful partners. haha
What a shame; improper spanking is so much more fun.
The Lonely Spider  The lonely spider, with haughty eyes Looks down upon his writhing prize With mandibles and poison breath He speaks no words and whispers death  But without the weight of his...
And so humble and low-maintenance, too!'"


5791: 'Lots of great answers here
Questions like these are better answered with Enneagram. As an ENTP 7, my goal is to become content with everything I have in life.  Also, beyond personality theory is religious views and other...
Good day/night. Here is another buzzfeed esque article, that will still be better than Buzzfeed. I got this idea while waiting for my car to get fixed. I rarely read magazines, but the idea was which...
Yes, this is one of my best, yet underrated threads haha.
I'm still around, just now focusing on a couple other things. Been more active in FB groups, recently, actually.    The 3rd one will no doubt be in 5-6 months :wink: Can't do it too often...or...
Amen to this! Haha. I have that now and I am getting spoiled.
Sweet and salty would be the best, like a chocolate covered pretzel.
Ok quite generic, but writing 108 descriptions would be a lot. Anyway, not a big fan of viewing the 8 wing as needing to be in charge. I see it as a dial within the triad as I'm - 5 - - 6 - - 7 (-) ...
I don't think 8 is that rare for ENTP, although 8 is more rare across all 16 types, in general. If anything, it'd be correlated with ExTx types as it is an assertive type, although I've met...
Not the most important but should be a regular thing for most couples, especially when young. As they get older less sex is normal.
As an ENTP 7, I enjoy being social, just like 3s. The motivation, however, is based in excitement. While a type 3 is more concerned on image and how they are perceived. A 7 is also running away from...
Type isn't as important as someone who can help implement ideas. That can be a variety of types, even a P type. Judge someone based on their traits, in this regard, not their type.
Hey, welcome KLVUBYE
I have been told I need to start getting more specific. I think I'll try a new one tomorrow.
On my profile, silly goose (April 23rd) :laughing:
Uploaded a new one  https://soundcloud.com/user-755022130/parrotcast-8-5-17
Whore!
I don't know him that well, as in haven't watched too many interviews.  My tritype guess would be 396 or 936. I can see 9w1. type 3 heavily competes with themselves. Tiger is an ISTP 3 so I...
Sounds like he wants to get to know you in the romantic sense and feel your curves. If it's a taboo relationship, you know the consequences. If you want him to pursue, be open. He will come after you...
I think I become a drunk ENTP. My Ne is in the moment and the Fe can ooze out way too much.
Yeah, that was two years ago. Sometimes it is embarrassing to read my previous typings. Other times, I'm proud of what I did. At this point, I would actually guess ISTP type 3, but he wouldn't be a...
That doesn't sound very callous just guarded. I find that INFPs can be especially callous if they judge someone as bad. Many INFPs I know are automatic with caring about other people, in general....
I'm in a hotel. My computer doesn't do well with Wi-Fi. Like it kicks me off often, so I prefer ethernet. The internet is only Wi-Fi here. When I logged on, it said I could pay more for better...
Sounds like depression. I'd go to a psychiatrist
You play nice with me
Had an interesting discussion today about this. Someone was talking how they couldn't be happy doing a job they didn't love. The guy was ISFP and I told him that I, personally, don't need to love my...
Haha, just need to take the time to get around to it. Thank you though
I disagree but at least you think he's Ne dom.
Thanks for the positive feedback. I have no real schedule for when I will do them. They'll happen, like, whenever I do them, because I'm ENTP. I plan to start getting more specific as I go. ...
I'm posting this here with a poll. Started a podcast to focus on MBTI so I hope you enjoy. My first one I was nervous for the first 5 minutes. The next 2, I got interrupted each time. Either way, I...
You're widely held...by your lover.  Boom  #Parroasted
Chick Fil A as ESFJ was my main inspiration for this list. Most of these I came up with on the spot, but been thinking of it, with ESFJ, for months :kitteh:    Are you being really sarcastic or...
I'll be rooting for a McGregor win and plan to watch it. Ultimately, won't impact my life in any way though.
INTP is some Asian/Pizza fusion place while ISFJ is basically cracker barrel.
1. Yeah, it was a cheap joke. I thought a smoothie place could work for ISFJs.  2. Couldn't think of a good INTP one.
Whatever, don't want to argue about these characters haha
Gotta fight you on a couple of these.  Mulan...Te/Fi, probably ISTJ. Elizabeth Bennet is ENFP...although I've only seen the Kiera Knightly one. Galadriel - INFJ  I don't know enough about the...
Many protagonists I see are sensors. Not sure where the OP got INFx.  I've seen some fictional ENTP women and gotta agree with Haldir . They tend to be messy, but at the end of the day they're on...
http://2.media.collegehumor.cvcdn.com/75/78/92f576eaf0f1a1eb223611e3e32f082f.gif
into
Well it's not a real INTJ description haha :laughing:    Exactly, it's a limited service restaurant.
If it has a drive thru, it is fast food
fast food implies that I can order it and get it quickly. How fast it takes is irrelevant compared to the wait time. Another INTJ point, another hole.
This is such a basic idea, I could have swapped out anything.    I was doing USD in the Tennessee area, so the dollars we are talking about is not the same.
Because they're big, full of milk/sugar, and idk, food costs. They aren't that expensive, but the food might cost $5-6, and then the shake $3. So next thing you know, you're spending nearly $10 with...
I've never eaten at those places, so unfortunately this had to be an Ameri-centric article.    Hey  Shut up!  We can be efficient when we want to be. I've gotten JJ orders in 12 minutes from...
Ok, just for shiggles, been thinking of this awhile, so now finally doing it.  ESTJ - Mcdonalds http://www.trussvilletribune.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/mcdonalds.jpg  Efficient and...
Just a guess. iNtuitive types are more likely and F types too. Still, depression can impact any type. So I would say xSTx are least likely to have depression, but xSTx types can have depression, just...
I would say xSTx types are the least likely.
Whoa, something happening?'"


5805: 'I feel like INFPs have troubles evolving fast and changing, like they cling to some strong pole and try to keep themselves and the pole static. Which I have troubles with.  I love INTJs, they're so...
What I find curious about INFPs is the fact that I keep seeing them posting threads like What do you think of us ?, or Does everibody hate us ?. Truth is, if they were to be more confident, then...
Hey bluewolf30 !  Well, since making friends at work seems impossible these days, why not join a club/association for your hobbies ? Another way is to use your previously existing networks of...
compulsiverambler , should I be worried about your signature ?
Oh, no, don't worry, there shouldn't be drama, I think he'll just look at you, a bit stunned by this overwhelming commitment you're asking of him, and either tell you it frightens him, ask you why or...
Inspired by the rejection of only-old-music ;)   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2F_hGwD26g
Well, the way I see it, he seems to like you but would like to get more initiatives from you. I think it's that simple :p  The there-not there thing ? Let him have his space ; we're like sine...
I can't really determine whether you're trying to flatter us or if you really and genuinely think it's true. l'll assume it's the latter.  But then, what do you mean by beautiful ? Beautiful...
Found it weird that this didn't exist before ; thanks, IDontThinkSo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqwPjNGDuIQ
Not awful, I just ended up avoiding my INFP friends because I had evolved a lot and they had not ; I couldn't reckognize myself or my type of friends in them anymore. Cruel ? Maybe, maybe not. At...
It's simple, what are you guys and girls listening to right now ?   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYPdVKTb_64    Though lately I've loved to listen to these guys :
Well, not sure my input here would be very valuable, since I'm only a few years ahead of you, so I don't have that clear a sight of the consequences of my choices. I'm an Electrical Engineering...
Actually, I don't know if I can handle INFP friends for too long, would be quite interesting to try !
Well, FueledByEvil is quite right here !  Still, I would also advise you to look at things rationaly, especially now that you know it's normal for you to think this way, that nothing is worth you...
Well, I wanna be your friend too ! :angry: :happy:  More seriously, I like to bite a bit, yes !
I think, as time comes by, that the everywhere-flying ENTPs that we are want to stop and pause at the same places for increasing timespans, because we realize that we are slowly isolating ourselves...
Bienvenue ! It's quite cruel to itroduce yourself in French :p And actually, I believe only nous les franais present ourselves partly in french, every other nations' people just keep to english...
Well, I've always thought of astrology as misguided, but not necessarily wrong in its observations : as far as I'm concerned, it's not the planets that would influence your personality, rather, it's...
That's actually when an ENTP needs to temporarily morph into an ENTJ, when they need something done by someone else : if you're cold, accurate and a bit overbearing, people will indeed act on what...
Well my understanding of Ni is that it's a convergent Ne : Ne generates a ton of possibilities on demand, but doesn't do much more than that, and it' up to our Ti (for us ENTP) to sort through...
Oh, I didn't mean that the prison would make you grow hahaha
Hahaha that's why it would be a good thing for you to do so ; to make you both grow ;)
It's an Edgard-Allan-Poish bullying. How do you like it ? :)  (It got me bored otherwise I would have done all your recent posts :p)
Blunt and dumb, typical INTP troll, I like this :)  ============================================  Nevermore.    ======================================================
I did laugh. INTP humor, I would say ;)  =====================================================================================  Nevermore.
Oh, on a massage table ? That's sweet of you ! :)  Nevermore.
Oh, so you WERE disrespectful ? *SJ drama begins*   I'll try not to abuse of the *action* jokes.
I keep checking facebook and PEcafe during work (Academia applied research is really terrible. I'm a theoretician at heart). Cuz I'm bored and you guys are fun.
Crhow would you know ? Pretty rough childhood that I had. Lost some feathers there. Yet I'm not craven. (Had to be sure this one was not missed)  Enough puns :p  It used to be me ; then I...
1. Last book you read:   Currently reading Ayn Rand's The Fountainhead, pretty good book. Otherwise, my last finished book was Salammbo, by Flaubert.   2. Last podcast you listened to: ...
Your personality type is: ENTP  Preference Clarity Categories:  (Slight, Moderate, Clear, Very Clear)   Slight Extraversion: 12/21 Very Clear Intuition: 26/26 Clear Thinking: 21/24 Clear...
By the way, I hadn't reacted to that before ; back I am ;)    It seems like most of us ENTPs, and maybe NTs, have had some troubles with SJs sometimes in our life (And I'm no exception,...
So, you were out, stalking ENTPs in their natural living conditions, and pop by to scare them away ? Unfortunately they're not afraid, and they seem to have chosen you as their new prey. Good luck...
Sleeping helps us process new informations ; it's a necessary process of cognition. Sure, you could replace it. We could all be forever awake and productive, always doing something.  But isn't the...
True, the Academic world is corrupted, true, it formats most of its members into like-minded individuals (which is terrible) But I've always seen two reasons for this : - How else could you expect...
Well, I'm not so sure about the fact that you need to be in a relationship with someone to fall inlove witht hem. Being friend and close to said person is enough.  And then, there are several...
Wow, so we switched from Science Philosophy to Linguistical Statistics. Nice.     Oh, I think what IDontThinkSo meant was that the word popular science was a vulgarization of vulgarization ;...
It's getting late here ; soon going to bed, so just a quick answer :  You seem to consider your frame of reference as absolute ; here, you see things with the eyes of he who watches rather than he...
Hahaha but he looks way too old on this one :p Though I indeed agree, the picture looks very sad (What do you mean, you wrote INTJ-ish ? :P), I was planning on changing it. You know how it goes, Oh...
Haha, indeed, Ti needs some things to chew, otherwise it just sleeps.  I've also found that meditation and sports help a lot, especially concerning validation. When you're exhausted, you only think...
Glad you agree with that ; still, it would need proving if it were possible to prove it. Which I don't believe is...     Well, you seem like an educated fellow. I though have no idea if you did...
Well, the problem with unsolvable problems is that they usually are not different from solvable ones as far as people are concerned. Take it as trying to walk around a huge object in the dark with...
'Fraid not, old chap. But I like your enthusiasm with the Sciences :)  Check out Gdel's Incompleteness Theorem. This made Mr. Wiles a bit desperate about finding the proof to Fermat's theorem :)...
So ; you're actually telling me that some things are unvulgarizable.  I don't think so. But unfortunately, disproving a negative is hard ; proving it is easy, you just have to find the right...
Well, if you want to keep your arguments within a circle of well educated people, then it's indeed fine ;)  Yet, isn't it a shame that the cultured avoid the masses as much as the masses avoid the...
Deep down, we all claim we are rational, especially here. We all love to pretend that, oh, we are so logical, feelings are beneath us. But you are right, Kaboomz (I would rather have know your name,...
Hypertelic is hypertelic in a comprehension way : this overdevelopment of vocabulary is disadvantageous to the clarity of your arguments. Just like reading some Kant or Bergson. Their ideas...
Funnily enough, I wouldn't have acted this way. I would have confronted him, just asked Why do you do this ?, and tried to get to the bottom of his actions. Throw in some insistance, of course....
The only hypertelic thing I read here is the word hypertelic... :p (Had to google check it. But then, I'm not a native)  I guess you're right, deep down we care way too much, but we only rarely...'"


5820: 'Just curious. I realise this is a bit of a stupid question, and bound to generalisations, but would there be anything the way NFs look, dress etc which is distinguishable from others?
I can relate to this so much it's ridiculous
Nothing goes unnoticed.
I 'deal' with loneliness by:  - Rationalising and shooing it away (only works less than half of the time) - Focusing on my main current goal (successfully used loneliness as an excuse to do well...
Aerospace Engineering (check) Civil Engineering Electronic Engineering Economics w/ Business Management Psychology Computer Science  English Music Physics w/ Astronomy MBA
Yeah I somewhat agree with you. Joined a photography society at university, and pretty much all the events consisted of bar crawls and nights out with little photography in between. Not all meetups...
Not necessarily. I don't think going to meetups has anything to do with 'validating'. If you want to invest more in a particular interest or hobby then obviously the most efficient way is to expose...
Ahh ok. I thought you may have been arguing the reverse interpretation, where philosophy is considered so elemental and uniquely profound that it doesn't require understanding of modern concepts.
INTP are statistically the most intelligent, however ENTJ seem to be the most successful at proactively using theirs to produce results.
Nope... introverted ENTP :p  Curious to know what about that pic makes you think I'm an F though?
Entj  150506
What is your actual job? And how does it differ to what you want to do/where you want to me?
Or how about you don't obsess over whether you're ENTP and INTP and realise that you're completely unique, and don't have to necessarily box yourself into one or the other.  I have both ENTP and...
I went to the one in London ;)
A part of it is because we have this jump into discussion mentality which means people don't spend an adequate amount of time really processing the various viewpoints available and are somewhat...
I agree, but I don't really get your point.
Honestly, do you really think this guy is worth it? If he doesn't return your texts, avoids you often and says maybe when you request being friends, then for me that would be a good cue to walk...
This is true. There were many people who were so convinced by their own perspectives that it seemed sort of ironic that they bothered going to a philosophy meeting.
Just out of curiosity, I decided to join a philosophy group on meetup.com and go to one of their 'talks' and events. This particular talk was based on morality and where it originated from, etc.  ...
I don't see how your question has anything to do with grammar, but either way it would still be a trivial issue. Interests and hobbies are classifications which are often merged because they overlap...
Who. Cares?  One thing that annoys me about INTP. Seem to rant about the most pointless and trivial crap
I can definitely relate :laughing:  I have a terrible sense of awareness of where I am. More often than not even if I've traversed the same route many times before I still have to consult my maps...
Are there any INTP/ENTPs who work in these sectors?   Business/entrepreneurship is something I have always been interested in, mainly due to the opportunity to think big and broad, and produce...
I felt like this whilst watching The Elephant Man. The film moved me so much but I physically couldn't bring myself to shed a tear. I almost had to force one out by squinting my eyes :)
Do you think technology, or understanding of technology will be sufficiently sophisticated in the near future as to allow myself to code my own functions on how my brain should respond to certain...
Yes, I described myself as a collection of applicable descriptions, but I don't think many people would accept it!  But anyhow, I get your post :)
I find it nearly impossible to define who I am, since my character varies so considerably depending on who I'm with. Some people know me as very wise and knowledgeable, others know me as a...
It is impossible to be an 'expert' in all of those unless you are 1000 years old. I call BS on this one :p
Isn't it really introspection which distinguishes humans from animals? A person without introspection is just a sophistication animal with superior intelligence surely? Is there such a thing as a...
What would the differences between them be in terms of approach to programming/problem solving etc. Just curious
Depends ENTIRELY who you live with, but on the whole I found living out to be extremely liberating and just great. Do it.
Just the typical overly-logical and pedantic reasoning I'd expect from a fellow INTP :tongue:  My question wasn't a mere A or B, it was more likely A or B?, i.e. I wanted to know the general...
Also, I am kinda bemused by the commotion regarding the apparent bashing of types. No types are being bashed here. The stereotype descriptions state that INTJs are natural leaders and INTPs not so...
Then I fail to understand the point you were trying to get across? I never implied that they were necessarily independent sets in the original post either.
I will have to completely disagree with this. There are a lot of leaders who are so convinced they are making the right decisions that they're effectively in a state of complete delusion.
Can you elaborate on this? I am not that well versed on MBTI
I think you're analysing far too much into it lol. If anything my original post was meant to put INTJ's in a positive light
INTJs are considered leaders because of their self confidence and decisiveness.   Hypothetically, would an INTP be able to lead just as well if they were more decisive, or would the actual...
Which one are you?  I wouldn't say I don't have an interest in theory. Quite the contrary, but there's always a goal that I want to reach or something I want to program or build so I always...
I am 22
I am 22
I don't think I have the self-confidence and objective conviction that the J types have. Even though I see theory as a means to an end, I still have the typical P second-guessing/having too many...
I appreciate you guys have many threads like this, but I wanted to get some insight into my own particular case. I would like to know which I am, as to be honest I don't really fit either profile...'"


5828: 'Oh man I need these back please =(
I know an INTP 1. I actually briefly considered a 2 typing, which would have been more bizarre, but the giving/generosity was basically 1-motivated in nature.   Frankly, he's the most INTJish INTP...
IME it's doable but you need to use Ne to come up with new things external to the relationship to keep things new. If you get too complacent then yeah this relationship gets boring....  Edit: what...
ENTP 6w7 possibly sp/sx wouldn't mind a pm exchange of questions or something.
katherine8 I recommend using username-youre-responding-to so people know who you're responding to.
Ugh I eventually had to stop in the middle of the test.   Like many enneagram tests I've taken, I got fed up in the middle with having to choose between two things that poorly describe me. At some...
On the one hand, you're both pedantic. On the other hand, out of all the types in the world you found the only other one that would understand why someone could be pedantic about such seemingly...
Animal how does what you're describing apply more to sp/sx than sp/so?    (if I relate to the entirety of your sp/sx description can I definitively close the case on my instinct stack, or are...
What kind of intense?
Soooo is Japan 1w9 or 9w1?
Here for my biannual checkup.   Still pretty sure I'm a 6 although I've been seeing 7 more lately, for good and for bad (i'm getting so habituated to running from responsibilities I'm starting to...
If 2s are not the compulsive giver  type, what type are those people? Because they definitely exist, and the more warm gushy but with some manipulative streak ones I've always tentatively...
The instincts are a giant mess. People can't even agree on whether a first instinct is an instinct you're good at or not (or if that's totally irrelevant)  I personally find tritype theory to be...
@orihara some of your observations about this are very interesting/helpful to me (as an ENTP trying to figure out type)   I'm sorry if this is a thread derail (and if so could we move it to PM or...
Well, all my friends are pretty fabulous so it's not really unhealthy with me imo. I don't know why, it's just once I start liking a person a lot I don't really have a button marked stop? I wouldn't...
Huh.   Well, I hate group study with the loathing of a thousand fiery suns.... The reason I'm not sure this is the instinct is the reason I hate it is that groups never get anything done. Ever....
This might be a good observation across the board.        I'm going to object very mildly to your choice of language here.  (This is on the assumption that I'm correct on the extent to which...
As an overly blunt person myself:  Do you consciously over balance the negative feedback with positive? Thank him several times a day for stuff you appreciate he did, compliment him several times a...
What is in the quote are the sections I relate to more or less.   Based on the available options,  In sx: definitely first  In so: Almost certainly middle.   When I was young I was much more...
Home | The 5 Love Languages | Improving Millions of Relationshipsx85 One Language at a Time.  What is your enneagram type, how confident of the typing are you?   Of the five love languages, which...
Interesting idea.   Aang: not a 7. He's not an id type- I think he might be a one, but not sure. In any case, he doesn't run from his internal issues, he's at peace with boredom, he's really okay...
Conformity, and also anti-conformity.
Yep, that's it! And here I was wondering why they came up with such random sentences.  and I actually misread the bedding (It really says myself) so a decent ish translation other than a totally...
Nines have personalities.   Warm, pleasant, self-concealing, slippery doormat is a personality.
1 -  I'm not angry at all! *wineglass stem breaks from crushing pressure of clenched fist*  2 -  I've only been smothering you because I love you, you evil, ungrateful bitch. Now grovel before my...
Yeah the mystic feeling is ruined by having can I offer you some bedding* as one of the magical voodoo phrases.  Full translation for the curious: Soul and faith are big thief of guy.  Please...
Not true in my experience.   Let's see...  Elementary school, fighting teachers who picked on friends, it was mostly us vs them. But I didn't feel like a victim. (I actively refused to)  Older...
Huh.   I love the hunt. The process. The step by step wheedling deeper.   I love the aaaah feeling of a satisfying 'click' at the end of a slow, piece by piece extraction. Mine. All mine.
I can't find it now, but reading this thread has reminded me.... Haven't they done studies correlating preference for spicy food and sex drive?
Those two I really related to, the rest not so much, still not sure if sx first or second.  Edit: welp, did not realize how long this thread is.
haha that's basically the thesis of my thread here http://personalitycafe.com/infp-forum-idealists/194922-infps-field-guide-entp.html
This is fairly terrible advice.   It is particularly inaccurate for sp, whose fixations do not the most interesting topics make. My personal worries are not something I discuss.   But it's also...
I feel like this is just another detour into navel gazing on my part, but I *still* can't settle on whether I'm sx/sp or sp/sx....
ENTP approved:    A Religion for the Nonreligious | Wait But Why
What's the basis for the six being low on self worth? Am I just a weird exception?
Perfect description.
In short:  Your blindspot is primarily annoying to other people, not you. If you find yourself very worried about your blindspot, you are probably wrong about it being your blindspot. A possible...
Go for it.  (also I like the title)
Effort and social success don't really correlate... When you're trying people can sense it, and it's unappealing. There's a lot of insecure people out there who are so-first... And probably rank...
Instinctual blindspot =/= deficiency.   An so-first can be more incapable socially than an so-last.  An sx-first can screw up intense relationships worse than an sx-last will.  An sp-first isn't...
Yeah, sure,  induction , plus a bit of instinct based on slightly more subconscious processing. I don't think any entp throwing the word around means it literally.
Get to know a person well enough there's a pattern of how they think and react to stuff. you start to expect what their reaction will be. If you start to be right most of the time, down to saying the...
What's this relationship like, long term? What does it take to keep it going? What are the problem areas to avoid/overcome, what are the best (type related) bits?    All I can tell for now is that...
ahahahaha that's hilarious and apt
I considered the possibility of a 4 fix simply because the possibility horrified me.  I've since sort of moved on from identifying my fixes with certainty, but I definitely think feeling a strong...
Well, if I'm sp/sx, I can describe a little bit more about how it works, for me at least - for a long time feeling satisfied with increasing sp, but when sp-need starts being properly filled, looking...
there are enough 6 fans around where I won't sound like a speshul hipster for saying this, but the only 6 I get along poorly with is the Social 6 (rules/social hierarchy and me do NOT mix). I love...
I no longer remember exactly what specific insight i was picturing when writing that comment, so all I've got for you is that most real insight comes across as surprising.
Probably sp/sx, and I doubt it.   The weakness for sp doesn't match what the actual weakness for sp is. It's not resources. It's the instinct for self-preservation. An sp last's penalty should be...
First choice 1, second choice 2. But I think the benefits and detriments are skewed (the negatives of choice 3 are negligible if you choose choice 1 first).   Obviously if the group is...'"


5832: 'I disagree. Even though one knife cuts things better than the other, they're both still knives. One isn't more like a knife than the other, it's just better. If we applied this to NTs, then we'd get...
I giggled, and then realised why this question is ridiculous.  You can't have something that's more carlike than something else - either it is a car, or it isn't (excluding quibbling about utes and...
:dry:  10char
o.O  If half of the NTs are efficient, and the other half are inefficient, then why is being efficient an embodiment of an NT?
You're obviously a masochist. There's no other reason to be posting in this thread so much.  Go and write angsty poetry, emo-dude.
I dislike you for pointing out my mistakes :P
In your first post, you can't count. Thirty plus thirty is sixty, and there are clearly only 56 pages. Fail maths in kindergarten?
Nice Emo/Bieber haircut, dude.
I refute your advice! Being an outcast is fun!  That said, I'm sure it'll be a help to some people. But I can't imagine ever smalltalking.
I'm not sure I agree with this - it seems, to me, to be more of a J/P thing. I can as easily picture an xNTP leaving it to the last moment as I can see a xSTJ planning years ahead.
Thing is, whenever I think of pirates I think of SP. Sparrow seems, to me, to be such an unusual pirate - so much so that everyone else in the series comments on it. Having ruminated on this matter...
I wasn't sure at first, but apart from making up plans on the fly, I always identified his 'fountain of youth' chasing as more N than S. I'm never very good at that distinction though, so I could...
Nice work being a pigeonholing, inflexible, typist bastard.
I was never interested in real people who shared my type, I was all  Oooh! I'm the same type as The Doctor! And Jack Sparrow! And House (possibly)!  Yeah, I'm a bit of a nerd.
The morning? HAH. I'm not up before 1pm.
3/10  You look like you're drunk. Are you?
I attack the idea first. Generally, people can't defend the idea well enough, or they get hot under the collar, or start attacking me. Then I...attack the idea personally?  It's difficult to...
I think I'm 7-4-8. But the 8 could change to...something. I'm not at all in tune with my gut centre.
I'm going to bump this cause I want to know what people think. For people who don't know him, he's a musical comedian from Australia, who's been getting well known recently.  ...
An Australian-centric one: The carbon tax is a good thing.
The only one I really identify with at all is the Discoverer.
Super intellectual and That's illogical. Particularly the second one.
Also, noises in space.  I dislike it when a show lacks internal logic. And I loathe people who, when I point this out, say It's sci-fi/fantasy! It doesn't have to make sense! IT HAS TO MAKE SENSE...
Whenever I see hipsters, I think of Enneagram 4s. They seem to have the same desire to be different.  (See my signature.)
Tim Minchin.
Murklins  Adv. In the dark  The one-eyed cat pounced murklins and somehow managed to swallow a lump of coal.  Got it from here: Save The Words One of my favourite sites :)
First. Who needs love?
SLUEI.  My type description bites.  Prone to addiction, often late, does not think things work out for the best, impatient, discontent, negative, opinionated, acts without thinking, preoccupied...
People are typing him as N? I would've thought S, definitely.  Firstly, the obsessive attention to detail, the world around him. Holmes gets practically all of his information from his senses, not...
Ok, a question here. I've been ruminating on my type for some time, specifically (like so many other people) on extroversion and introversion. When it comes down to E vs. I, I would definitely be...
There's an MBTI thread over on Nanowrimo; apparently over half the writers there test as INFJ.
Green ENTP
For myself: Buy a house (with a swimming pool, libraries, laboratories, etc) and a private jet plane. Hire a work force for cleaning and cooking and the like. Learn to fly the jet plane. Spend my...
I told a friend today that if I found a skull in my neighbourhood, I'd keep it and not tell the police, because I've always wanted a real human skull. Apparently, that's insensitive because the...
Js in general annoy me more than Ps. Perhaps an ENFJ.  Hm...I'd probably get along with ISFPs best. Whenever I get together with STs, we always end up butting heads.
ENTP  Why bother following the rules?
ENTP and something. Michelangelo/Raphael are tied first, followed by Donatello. Leonardo is LAST.
Probably through neglect, I wouldn't be brave enough to jump, or shoot or anything. I'd probably just stop eating/sleeping/drinking and die of exhaustion or something.
I agree. I thought it was nice. The possessive form of MBTI - This is my T, and my N, and they're mine. And I love them.  ...speaking of emotional Ts.
Through fear.
Never taken a real IQ test, but my internet scores were all in that category. Sorry for being arrogant :)  Seriously, though, I'm sure I've seen other aptitude-related tests, and the results seem...
Your Aspie score: 125 of 200 Your neurotypical (non-autistic) score: 74 of 200 You are very likely an Aspie  ...
Around 3 days. I've pulled all nighters quite a few times, for various reasons. Apparently Keith Richards once stayed awake for 9 days, then fell asleep standing up and broke his nose.
I also do it when others are around.
I'm an NT, my parents are NFs, and my brother is an SP.
ENTP - Wild Cat  Wildcat personalities do not differ substantially from their domestic cousins and exhibit the aloof behavior that is common to all felines. With their well-deserved reputations as...
Thanks for all your help, guys. I've decided I'm an ENTP :D
I don't think it will always be irrational from all sides, it just seems that way because people tend to be very passionate about their belief. However, the fact is that we probably won't ever reach...
I think I'm N because I identify with so much of its description - preferring the theoretical to the practical, doing new things, interested in the abnormal and thinking about the future. However,...
Anyone care to type him? I'm pretty sure he's an NT. Maybe an I as well?'"


5860: 637178 Web of Lies   637186 Waterfall of Truth
637178 Web of Lies   637186 Waterfall of Truth
635378  I'll just whore myself out a little bit more :tongue:  Shirt's a little big for me, which you can tell around the arms though. Oh well, it was free so...
633786  Turns out that lightpainting yourself is hard. But I'm super proud of this picture, even if it is blurry because I didn't have any help lol
ENTJ's enjoy learning for a specific goal. They will try to bend the world to what they desire.   ENTP's enjoy learning simply for its own sake. They try to understand the world to satisfy their...
I made my new years resolutions back in August and have been following them well so far lol.    Workout more, and now that I've gained back my stamina for running I'm going to concentrate on...
Ha that's hilarious!   Another doppleganger!  Got any pictures? I never got to see my other supposed doppleganger :sad:
617865  I finally cut off all of my hair lol
Practicing with some light painting tools:  606698  606706  606714  Really starting to fall in love with light painting, and when I see what some other people are doing :blushed:
Practicing with some light painting tools:  606698  606706  606714  Really starting to fall in love with light painting, and when I see what some other people are doing :blushed:
A few more:  Bruh  Dafuq?  What the devil is that noise??
I'm not actually sure where it comes from or even when I started using it to tell ya the truth
Haha hell ya! I'm right there with ya, I've got way too many.    Thanks to my teenage years including anime, I've started using some of their phrases: Yoush [spelling?] when excited Yari yari ...
Why is it so adorable??
Oh you :blushed:
Thanks man!   And I won't lie, it is pretty lame. I got some headshots today and sent the top 4 to a couple of my women friends to ask about their favorite one for Tinder.   The one I actually...
Glad you think I'm hot enough to be in a generic dating site picture :blushed:
Still looks pretty nice though
It's actually in Missouri :shocked:
Basic Questions: 1) Age or Age Range?  -Mid twenties  2) City, Country and/or Region? Tennessee  3) Tell us something about your social life?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuL6cJPz3Nk
This is me :happy: 600018   And a few that I've taken:  First day of experimenting with long exposure and I nudged the camera :crying: 600026  600034
This is me:happy: 599978  599986
This. So much this.    Between my younger cousin and I, I was the idea guy and my cousin was always the fall guy. Poor dude. We used to get into quite a bit and I wouldn't ever get into...
Here are some of my first attempts at Long Exposure Photography:  Favorite one, even though I accidentally nudged the camera a little bit :/ 595322  595314  595330
https://cdn.meme.am/instances/500x/27173488.jpg  http://thumbpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/Hilariously-Adorable-Owl-Memes-15.jpg
Well hello there https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/3f/43/57/3f4357e03be19e3d4c5c6a3aa77a929b.jpg
How about SF users? NFP's and even INFJ's I typically enjoy. Never met a confirmed ENFJ....
Fe dom/aux users*
You NF's are so friggin adorable :blushed:
That's true. If I remember right, ENTP's are given the title of best bullshitters. But I don't think it has anything to do with lying, I think it's just because ENTP's can be so charming. And that's...
Telling lies has nothing to do with being ENTP...   I'm an ENTP and I'm about as blunt/honest as a hammer in real life.
I think I'm pretty emotionally intelligent. Because I think it's a skill that can be worked on and learned. I started out in life in a bad way, my childhood was awful and statistically speaking, I...
I agree with this, I don't think love ever stops either.    The only woman I've ever fallen in love with broke up with me well over a year in a half ago and while the pain is gone, I still have...
Here are a few of my favorites! :happy:  591242  591250  591258  591266
I'm an amateur photographer getting better everyday as well as a writer. Once I get good enough with the camera, I'll be opening my second business in photography! :happy:
italix  Desthro  The Enneagram tripped me up a little bit too. I'm a 5w4 which made me think INTP and have always tested as an INTP, even on the official test I took in college.   But after...
Sadly I can only speak English at the moment, and some very basic Spanish.   Though I do plan on learning more languages as I get started on my flag theory plans!    If anyone wants to learn...
Aww you're so sweet:blushed:
That sounds exactly like something a kidnapper would say https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/dd/ba/c2/ddbac21d3edc73e18bbde8cf77b17268.jpg
Lmao I love you guys   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMDkpfJLt6o
How did you know!?:shocked:    I'm against drugs myself. But I use the drugs to hook into the hookers more easily. And use it to hook into politician's families. Once they're hooked, they belong...
When you spend serious time contemplating on how to take over the US Government, come up with an overall strategy on how to do it and then find a squirrel to occupy your time instead and what was I...
I spent a month coming up with an interesting and completely soulless plan to takeover the United States. I still think it has some merits to it too!   But then I remembered that I'd rather take...
I'd have to go with:  Captain Jack Sparrow  Patrick Jane  and L
Aladdin Sane is correct, you have to look at the functions.    And to answer the question, we will need to borrow this image of a tree:  i.dailymail.co.uk/ i/pix/2012/10/31/...
I'm glad that my journey can help you =)  It's one of those interesting things that you never realize you've made any progress until you look back at where you were before, even a year ago. I feel...
This was a post I wrote a few years back, though I no longer have the blog I felt like it could be of help to some people here:    In a post about understanding depression's many coping..."


5864: 'I trink the triads are very interesting for ohne specific reason: harmonic and hornevian explain why 9 types is the right number. On the other hand, including head/body/heart and...
Measurin enneatype with questionnaires and random self identification  is a lost cause.   Nobody actually knows how the enneatypes are distributed in the population, since there is no measurement...
Resultat:*Tritype 358/583/835  Same result as in other tritype  test, i always Come out between 3-58 and 5-38.
Mh...from an mbti perspective he is IxxP, little else is shown in the movie. But the enneagram perspective is very interesting. I think he is way to nervous and people pleasing to be a 9. When he...
I think you are making a very very important point about enneagram and mbti but I'm not sure whats the point of it if different definitions are accepted. To me it is important to differentiate...
I think a common misconception is the question what MBTI means by Extraversion vs. what Psychology means by it. This becomes even more confusing when tests of the MBTI operationalize Extraversion...
I really like your idea of differentiating between different stages. But I'm afraid that the result are almost always traits. We would have to find a test which analyzes the different perception...
Mh. My point is not that the types are communicated wrongly but since people seek different things in these theories, they are bound to fail with these myriads of descriptions which all rely on...
I obsess with Typology for years and I ask myself two questions. Why am I doing this and why will I not get an answer. Probably, the second is the answer for the first. :) I tend to move in these...
I think there is a general misconception of vices and sins. Sins are actions, vices are personality dispositions. So what you mean on a personality type level is vices. While vice leads to sins, it...
Sherlock from the us tv series is a sure entp, BBC is intj.  I read somewhere colombo is entp too....That seems strange but it makes sense. All of him cries out Si supressant. :D He is also most...
@  RobynCI'm curious as to your opinions with this   Star Trek   I. Enterprise
I know that this is not a ressource. Again: i am not looking for pseudo psychological trait assumptions but for something that allows me to compare answering patterns. To differentiate people from ...
Hey People,  I was wondering if anyone around here knew about sources for enneagram statistics or tests that compare with the same. I was looking at this one:  HelloQuizzy.com: Enneagram Test -...
chaotic neutral, as always.....i think i did 10 of these tests so far, sometimes true neutral, sometimes chaotic evil, bit 80 percent were chaotic neutral.
i guess i'd just walk into random apartments and sit there for a while, maybe leaving a cryptic message for the owners, imagining their boring lifes, or maybe i'd climb to the roof of the highest...
hm...why would anyone think jack o'neil is entp? he seems like the classical sensor....down to earth, i mean, and since he's a P it would be hard to explain. Plus, even though he seems rather...
i single out poeple and discuss, even strangers, mostly female ;) i am not very interested in groupp situations, too complex, so i try to creat a number of smaller connections. and yes, i tend to do...
indeed, get those fuzzy little intjs ;) i have to say i never met an ENTP before of which i'm sure, but i know one who might be and although she's a bit intimidating, she's very very hot. :)...
live and let live everything is relative don't try to make people love you try not to hurt people when it happens, make it worth it every moral statement has its limits
hehe. well, my problem is that i don't have enough fear. I'm too confident until i screw something up. after finishing a preparation test, i think that went ok, no problem for me. well, i have to...
my intj friend is female and i am not used to beating women.  drinking game is an interesting approach, but i'm afraid that would be rather counterproductive
yes, screwed is the right expression   well, thank you for the mantra idea, i thought about it but assumed sports would work better. i will try it, i don't remember when i was in absolute silence...
welll, i'll have to find a new one, the one i've been learning with was very.....distracting
well, i have a little problem with my new college course, especially since all my grades are defined by fill in tests without any creativity. i find it hard to do anything that needs routine,...
i can be good, bad or ugly, depends who i'm talking to....i try to guess what people want to see so i can control them better.  well, i think i do all the things above ;) i help people who feel...
i hate people repeating their stupidity. saying it once, i can accept. repetition makes me mad and i don't mind hurting their feelings, beliefs or concept of life. maybe i'm too impatient, but i...
yes, when i can convince myself and rationalize, i rock. But actually, i prefer saying nothing with a lot of words, always keeping a backdoor in my statements.  I actually prefer not to lie, since i...
hm....i start off a conversation. when i think she's interesting, i start talking about music or something. problem is to find the perfect moment to ask her to take a walk and maybe kiss her, before...
eh, never struggeled, easy kill. no seriously, i hate religion always as much as it hates me. As long as it's powerless, i'm fine with it. i used to be a more agrressive atheist, but i calmed the...
Imperious, choleric, irascible, extreme in everything, with a dissolute imagination the like of which has never been seen, atheistic to the point of fanaticism, there you have me in a nutshell.......
only rl, but than constantly. people are shocked first, but sometimes i let people with low self esteem win and they get a real ego boost, it's nice to see. but sometimes it's just fun.
so the conclusion, it's senseless anyway? hey,  team pointless won the pointlessness competition
oh yes. trust issues, oh yes. i trust people not further than i can throw them. i have been disappointed to often and always need some kind of control.
you know you're an entp when you have read all classic literature   .....half
these types are our temperaments :) of course we age, we make experience, learn to shut up, but basically, entps really love to talk. and although this self confidence can be shaken at some point, in...
yeah, its the one bullet paradox, when you use power, you lose power.
well i'd be baffeled if a person with obviously low self esteem would be typed entp.....
i love amanda palmer but strange that you put it on a entp playlist :) she is so..... F. however, i say modest mouse , the kills and maybe the shins?
oh, when i was much younger it was jadzia dax....but i am not the crushing type....i really like marla singer, though
yes, but camus didn't see himself as an existentialist, but as something he called absurdist, but you are right with your interpretation of sysiphus. i don't see myself as an existentialist either...
hmmm...i am not an anarchist, i just like to blow things up and look what happens (methaphorically). i don't think it would be better for humanity than what we have now and actually i don't care...i...
i guess you took your pick and it smells like camus. ^^ your defiant hope sounds a lot like sisyphus. i guess i got away from defiance to simply enjoying it. i guess there weren't many real hedonists...
oh yes -.- i once explained in detail the practice of impaling in school since it was mentioned in some historic source. people got a bit freaked. i am full of strange trivia. last week someone...
i'd like to have a gun but in germany the restrictions are pretty heavy. plus, they wouldn't give me a gun. well, i guess they shouldn't. on the upside, the chances of being shot in the streets are...
i would buy all copyrights and destribute the contents over the internet. than pump so much money into the market that inflation destroys all value. in this day all stoxx would collapse, all debt...
the problem with the chain of reasons is that it either has to end, and would therefore lack reason or is cyclic, therefore exists in it itself. either way, pointless, afterall. but  i have to say...
i thought about giving details about my habits and needs to compare but i don't think the text i wrote was appropriate. let's just say yes and i wouldn't want it any different. when i was younger i...
Of course, which might be caused by the objective lack of meaning in exsitence. and still we exist....strange, isn't it? well....i used to have that feeling, a life without hope and future. when i...
Ne is awesome, go for it. i just like looking at a tree in the wind sometimes and see the overall symmetry, focus,unfocus, trying to anticipate the movement of a certain leaf. starting at a detail...'"


5866: 'If I said, Please?
87316 My little brother (the bigger guy on the right) and I playing Canon in D for our Baby Brother's wedding march stuffs. My brother Is an ISFP, though
you HAVE to post one... please? (and I am secretly expecting the world's smallest violin joke)_
http://i39.tinypic.com/34g9iwz.jpg
RDJ put us on the map?
Yes
I don't really care for presents, but the best one I ever got was when I was a kid.  Grandmother bought me an encyclopedia set back in... 1995? I ate those books UP.
I do music (guitar/sing) as an art. I've been interested in other forms like sculpting, but meh.. I can dance (waving) and umm... idk..
So all I got out of this thread was something about a coffee shop.
http://24.media.tumblr.com/794865444159c615db9cc1edb07e8c81/tumblr_mw1vk8mZ3l1s2mwydo2_500.gif
okay.. that Tessa chick is hot. Just saying. Carry on.
I didn't know they stacked shit that high!  LMAO!  I love this movie, granted I first saw it and had nightmares of Pvt. Pyle shooting himself as a child, it's a classic.
http://i1.cpcache.com/product_zoom/669188089/sapiosexual_light_tshirt.jpg?color=AshGrey&height=460&width=460&padToSquare=true
http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130819015955/dragonball/images/a/a7/Facepalm_227785.jpg
I do that laugh he does with the same hand gestures... fuck my life...  And now I have a new anime to waste time watching. thanks!
Define.. old :unsure:  and for the sake of being on topic for once:  No. I never run. I will stick around them as much as humanly possible and show them that I'm not interested... methods...
Make White House parties mandatory and you wouldn't have to worry about me destroying the infrastructure.
LOL. In an ENTP's hands is the -last- place you'd want the fate of humanity to be!
I still see no set of questions for me to answer. Mind = changed.   :P
http://www.hometalkies.com/lucia/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/red_pill_blue_pill-copy3.jpg
I find myself telling people:  Fine, next time I -won't- say anything and let you make a fool out of yourself. Good luck with your pointless, doomed-to-fail endeavors. I'll be here on the...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25c2Wz70Gbo
belieeeeeve!!!  Eddy Nigma : enjoy it while it lasts. Someone come up with a questionnaire before I change my mind.
I never got addicted to drugs, sans nicotine but that's a physical addiction, and I am a frequent user..   Though, I've never heard of anyone addicted to hallucinogens,psychedelics and...
I could try, haha. I'm not a rapper by any stretch of the imagination, but trying to cover that one should keep my occupied for a bit. Definitely like that guys style.
I can't be the only one! POST A VID/CLIP! DO IT NAO!!   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2B-Ne6u7HE
brb. manipulating a whole group of people to do my bidding after I write this letter to Dr. Phil
......  ...............  .........................
wtf did I just watch..
I wish I could frown like that. My face won't allow it.  People will just have to deal with my incessant smiling.  That charismatic, comforting... hot.. sexy.. ENTP smile...
Only if there aren't any seat belts and you promise not to drive like a grandmother with osteoporosis... and sweets. Have to have sweets.
*double post*
What is Love?
Nah. I'd jump right in. Have done it before. Would do it again. ;)
This is even more believable with that avi..
That reminds me of those reading passage tests they used to give us in school. I was always the first person who finished because I'd skim the paragraphs in some weird order ( I think it was first,...
Relevant:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=araU0fZj6oQ
Why did I picture this as I read that?  http://media.tumblr.com/2313a5de74c35c164bae51172246b419/tumblr_inline_mjvsq1UrWt1qz4rgp.gif    quoted for truth
Maybe if there was a guideline as to which questions to answer, I'd might take a crack at it.
Same here. I will sleep all day if there's nothing keeping my attention.. come to think of it.. I sleep a lot nowadays. SIGH
http://youtu.be/W4oV_egTv6I
I will NEVER understand what is so hot about Jersey Shore..  EDIT: I'd bang Snooki, though. Just saying.
ENTP - Neutral
L is for the way you look at me O is for the only one I see V is very, very extraordinary E is even more than anyone that you adore  ...did really just post that? Yes, I did.
Fibonacci - ANYONE who acknowledges the great Fibonacci can't be a boring person.
I think you'd be pretty hard pressed to find an ENTP that is willing to sit there pn camera and explain something to an internet audience. Just seems utterly pointless...
But chameleoning sometimes leaves me at a point where I am not sure of who I really am sometimes.. that's what the No, I quit button is for, I guess.
League? Does not compute.
McDonald's drive-thru window at 4am after a night out on the town. You know you want to. And YES, I would like fries with that.
Had an awkward moment the other day with emotion. I had noticed that my sister was going out of her way to make herself disappear if I was ever in close proximity ever since my wife left and took the...'"


5890: 'When people think that you are lazy. But you are exact opposite as you are always relentlessly pondering upon some big problem. And people are completely amazed when you are able to solve their...
When you understand the whole gamification of the personality cafe where you earn badges, honors and post ranks. Then you realize that the real life is not too different where you earn degrees and...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tJYN-eG1zk
Cosmo Kramer from Seinfeld series
I am good at almost everything.. But there are few things in which no one can beat me...
When you find a solution of a math problem which you were struggling with, while reading a book on philosophy. It is amazing how we make connections on seemingly different things...
Godfather shawshank redemption life is beautiful limitless Inglorious basterds memento dark knight No man's land Silence of the lambs prestige
I think some of the functions are more dominant than others for a given personality. For example: ENTPs are renowned for their dominant extroverted intuition..
You know you are an ENTP when you have the mastered the sacred art of stichomancy for understanding anything where in you: 1. Find a question. 2. Get a book and open a random page from it. 3. Read...
We shit gold.. This is a good one.. We emit awesomeness and people come clinging to us to show them more awesomeness :)
Me too... When I am surrounded by boring people, I automatically go into Ti mode..
Please don't be a troll..
This is so true.. There are so many things in life which people work so hard and make such a big deal about it. We ENTPs frankly do not care for most of them, yet we get them with so much ease.
It is amazing how our Ne rescues us when we hit a major road block. :)
Funnel analogy is a great way of visualizing the relationship of Ne and Ti in ENTP...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjSuaeVfE9I  This guy is definitely ENTP....
1. Pure awesomeness 2. Energy Dynamite 3. Jack of none, master of everything
I just love our awesome Ne, it takes us to so many interesting places. Because of Ne, we never get bored and can find sth interesting in any situation, place or time. At the same time, Ti serves as a...
Fellow ENTPs.. Was curious.. In what situations and when are you guys in Ne mode and when are you in Ti mode?  I am predominantly in Ne mode until I feel less energetic and tired. That is when I go...
Rock
Yup... Charming others and spreading our infectious enthusiasm for life is definitely our way. :)
You know you are an ENTP when you mastered the fine art of delegating things to other people and other people enthusiastically doing it for you. :)
We are great igniters of a new idea. We generally have loyal followers who are diligent enough to follow up on our awesome ideas. There are so many great ideas out there and so little time; so we...
It happens to me all the time. You meet someone and you know so many things about him, but you don't his name..
New experience, new things and new people drives us.
You know you are an ENTP when you have two modes: Exuberant mode and Thinking mode. In Exuberant mode, you are cheerful, optimistic and oozing with energy and enthusiasm. In this mode, you constantly...
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. Robert Schuller
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w7OgIMMRc4
What I love most about myself is our amazing ability to continuously draw parallels between different situations, things, people, etc. This is the reason why we are able to keep up with so many...
Believe you can and you're halfway there.  Theodore Roosevelt
Phrases I avoid.. Impossible Challenging Cant do it Sorry
You know you are an ENTP when you have so many diverse hobbies ranging from making exotic woodwork to flying airplanes to playing in local football league.
What I love about myself.. People have a hard time discerning whether I am a genius or a clown (as I am making fun of people all the time).
You can know the name of a bird in all the languages of the world, but when you're finished, you'll know absolutely nothing whatever about the bird... So let's look at the bird and see what it's...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyqgjCKm9nQ&list=FL_8JLgAK_Gpefek7fodQekg&index=74&feature=plpp_video
Interesting stuff..
You know you are an ENTP when after having thanksgiving dinner, you went for a stroll outside and then decided to go stand in line for thanksgiving shopping even though you have not idea about the...
What I inferred from the quote is that you will find something interesting if you are patient and just do it. For example, I hate doing laundry. I just kept postponing for ever. Finally, I mustered...
You know you are an ENTP when in a meeting someone makes a point which does not make sense, you are first one to speak up and ask him for clarification.
You know you are an ENTP when you take a different route to work every day. Because of this, you know every small road in the city and people are amazed by your awesome direction sense.
Having once decided to achieve a certain task, achieve it at all costs of tedium and distaste. The gain in self-confidence of having accomplished a tiresome labor is immense. Arnold Bennett
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIh3nO6-V_A
I think this thread is a treasure trove of information about ENTPs. Somebody should organize all the information in this thread and publish it as a book How to be a Visionary? I guarantee it would...
For me too, it is not very frequent and people around me hardly notice it. During my downtime, Ti takes over and I am generally trying to take stock of the current situation and contemplating and...
... when you are tinkering with your old mp3 player and think whether the design is optimal. You wonder why there is so the space between the circuit board and casing, what is the material used in...
You know you are an ENTP when you start looking for something and found something interesting to play with. After playing with it for some time, you think it would nice if you find this another thing...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3lWwBslWqg
When I think of an ENTP, I think of true renaissance man, a man who is good in so many things
Well said ButIfNot.. You know that you are an ENTP when you are more interested in the process rather than the end result itself. You went to college not for the degree but for all the fun stuff...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sENM2wA_FTg  Imagine Dragon'"


5907: 'Everyone has made very valid points. Either option is completely viable so it's difficult to say which is the correct option for you.  Pray. Pray a lot. I'll pray for you too.
The above is what I was referring to.   As far as the gut, it likely stores more than just memories of food. This region of the gut is more accurately referred to as the core since it's the muscle...
The nonconscious mind can't tell fact from fiction and that's actually the reason humans find scary movies scary and sad movies sad despite the fact that the rational consciousness is well aware of...
To assume is to make an ass out of u and me.
What I am talking about is here and is now. The life underneath my life, the observing consciousness that sits back and watches the actions and antics of the thinking mind which is the unhappy false...
Indeed, this is true. However, if we limit ourselves by current scientific understanding, wouldn't we potentially miss out on a lot? For example, up until recently (from a historical perspective)...
You are so deliciously arrogant.   Anyway, there is something to be said for the wisdom of the ancient religions because typically, there is a reason that the same knowledge has been discovered and...
This thread interests me greatly since I've lately found Buddhism rather intriguing.   I highly recommend reading 'The Power of Now'. It is a powerful book that can lead to profound spiritual...
What an unfair assumption! Perhaps the beauty is in the simplicity.  However, I share everyone else's view on tattoos. They're completely permanent! Even marriage seems less forever... at least...
One sided smile, more on the right than the left. This is NEVER intentional; it's like an invisible string is pulled taut when I'm happy or otherwise feeling joyful.  The full and symmetrical smile...
Well, how very ISTJ of you to derive inexplicable pleasure from the ISTPs acting 'true-to-type' and 'paranoid'. Very characteristic of an ISTJ. You've fallen into the trap of identifying yourself and...
When it comes to compliments, usually it's just stating an observed fact:  That person really IS a huge asset for the rest of the human race.  She really DOES have the patience of Job. He...
My God, it's Burnout: Superhero Edition!
You are so fortunate.
Bet that went over really well!
I didn't know where to post this so I figured this area was a safe bet.  How did other people learn their grammar and spelling? Do the cognitive functions in the MBTI play an active role in this? ...
You are the sweetest/cutest thing ever.
I can't even convey how awesome and true this statement is. I would quote it later but well, yeah.  To answer the question yes, I can't quote stuff to save my life, but I understand and remember...
MisterJordan  If you are an NT what are you doing posting here? Your thoughts are supposed to go over here: http://personalitycafe.com/nts-temperament-forum-intellects/55213-what-would-nts-do.html
Hello SPs. I'm doing some research and I could use your assistance. Only SPs should post in this thread.  You suddenly have 100 million dollars in the bank of your choice. If you spend funds, your...
Hello SJs. I am doing some research and would appreciate some assistance. Only SJ types should respond to this thread.  You suddenly have 100 million dollars in the bank of your choice. If you...
Hello NFs. I am doing some research and could use some assistance. Only NFs should post their responses, please.   You suddenly have 100 million dollars in the bank of your choice. If you spend...
Hello NTs. I'm doing some research and could use some assistance. Please NT temperament responders only.   Here's the scenario:  You suddenly have 100 million dollars in the bank of your choice....
INTP all the way. Coolest INTP ever.
Pssst! Pretend that my S is an N.  What you are describing sounds like an underlying issue that would simply be exacerbated by a high-stress, successful musician lifestyle. You both have completely...
You may love them but perhaps the feeling isn't mutual. Call anyone a heartless bastard and they will probably feel something less than positive towards you.  Your love of the word faggot is a bit...
Never cross your arms if you're seeking openness from another individual. Keep the heart region open and point your heart at them, basically. Take off a jacket if wearing one. This stuff sounds silly...
ESTJ testing out as shadow type?
You are sooooooooooo not an ESTP; even I can tell you that much. You don't give off an SP vibe in the least. Plus, an ESTP would never fix something that wasn't broke. They might unconsciously break...
Potatoes are one of my favorite foods in existence. Baked, mashed, fried. Plain with only salt or fancy with spices and butter. Oddly, I can take or leave french fries but potatoes? Can't go without...
Are you guys stuck living together? If so, maybe the cold tolerance thing is good. If you guys can get away from each other, I say not really talking is getting you guys nowhere and it's time to have...
They are CAT and DOG, respectively. The cat is a Zen Master, the dog a strong sensor. I'm pretty sure my sanity would slip away if I contemplated their mental functions any further.
Are you easily [I]intimidating?  Oh yes, definitely.
Thank you. Words to live by.
Creators of warm, happy families are awesome! Welcome to the forum!
We ARE pretty awesome! In small doses, that is.
We're all losers here, by that definition. Welcome to the loser convention -- I mean, welcome to the forum!
... and that would be? The suspense is killing me! -.- Whatever you are welcome to the forum... if you're an INXX, there's guaranteed to be tons of your type here to connect with. If you're an E or S...
A depressed... penguin? You're shitting me, right? Welcome to the forum and cheer up; penguins shouldn't be depressed... it's just wrong!
My gut says... *drumroll* INFJ. My gut might just be hungry right now though. Or it could be indigestion. :D Whatever you are, you sound like an awesome person. Since you're not actually involved in...
... Why would escapism be hard to understand? This SP can't figure it out. Welcome to the forum!
Depends. If they feel like they need to come off, sure. If it's fresh I'll just leave it be. My body did a lot of hard work to make that natural band-aid; why would I ruin it?
They can be annoying as hell and flaky to boot. I just can't stand the fickleness... and this is coming from a fellow Perceiver. But when they DO decide to come through or give their time and...
I think that introverts can be very people focused. Many of them spend tons of time with other people but it's the extroverts that actually get energy from it; introverts end up either accepting the...
You can't look at the functions individually, so asking questions like Am I An N or S? is usually a sign that you're essentially doing it wrong. Change one letter and the whole thing is COMPLETELY...
I don't like sitting too close to my friends, much less sleeping anywhere near them.  I had NO IDEA INTJs were so incredibly cuddly!
Nice avvy.  Welcome to the forum!
Serial killers, earthquakes, Ebola and AIDS... basically anything they made a 20/20esque TV special on to scare all the old people since my parent faithfully watched that garbage full blast. I was a...
I can't imagine using the word 'yummy'. That would be ridiculous.
Reading through the other 14 type descriptions at the site I linked you to may be helpful in your quest to determine your type. Remember, the descriptions must be read as a whole; we will all find...'"


5908: 'You try to be around people you like as much as possible. You avoid those you despise.   As a general rule, If you didn't care you wouldn't be there.   So how do you show a person you care?...
That's why you work your ass off to gain tenure. :bored:
I'm still on track to be a rocket scientist. :proud:  Yay!  As for the whole world domination plot...
An ENFJ they're like perma-happy! :D
Stop wearing seatbelts! You don't need a belt to stay seated!   ----- Anywho ----- http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/airfoil.png
There is no sense in denying it: my hobbies include math, music, and the internet.
I'm very creative. For example, once I didn't have a ruler. So instead I took out some grid paper (I knew the squares were .5cm) and used that instead. One time I didn't have staples for a make a...
Sooooo ENTPs!   When you were 5-10 years old, what did you want to be when you grew up?  What do you do or plan to do now that you are all grown up?  Do you think you're childhood self would...
Psh.... Hipsters :dry:
That's why I like mountain dew, I can drink it like it's water. :P    Nah, I have my own perscriptions, and my parents pay for those. :bored:
What part of not sleeping, mountain dew, and keeping a 4.0 do you not understand? I'm slowly driving myself insane... wait, I'm already insane. :tongue:   I actually am planning a reckless not...
Lets see. First semester freshman, Aerospace engineering. Finals soon. 4.0 at the midterm... plan to keep it that way.  I don't sleep durring the week, eat whenever, drink too much mountain dew,...
So, its that time of year... again.  What does everyone want for Decemberween?  Let's face it. NTs are hard to please.  Yes, we love and appreciate gifts as much as any other type, but there are...
I was thinking the same, except instead of life, I was thinking string theory.
Off the top of my head... whence fare fro lest *shrug*
Oh ho!  Add another half to that total.
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_V7Ehj7eG65Q/Sko63G34GSI/AAAAAAAAA1E/Y1u67_jKSYw/s320/ad+hominem.gif
Is texting an option?  I find it a very unthreatening, on your own terms sort of communication.   Why? Your reply can be as long(to an extent) or as short as you like. There are so many legit...
Unless I've done somthing to draw their attention, I assume they think I'm attractive.
Why not just take them with you?  Hey, provided they're old enough (but not old enough :P) I'm sure they'll get plenty of elementary street cred!
Have you forgotten? No Shave November
I love children. Especially the inquisitive and clever ones.   They are humanity's greatest experiment. You don't know how they will turn out, and yet you have such high hopes for them, so you...
Experience is a bitch teacher.   Extending the metaphor, when people (often older) tell me not to take a class because the prof is a dick, I take their word for it.
I'll take advice that makes sense from anyone, even if the advice was not intended for me.   Otherwise, it really depends how much I trust you.
yeah, and it doesn't even matter why they say I love you.  I love you... (because I am your parents) - That's always comforting (and by that I mean I admire you) - flattering (because you are a...
My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father.  Prepare To die.  XD  As for flattery? I love you is sufficient.
an internet forum
Geez that's a quick response...  If you wanted to chat I believe there's a lovely chat feature somewhere here. ;)
I assumed it was a rhetorical device.  Ne wants to play!
I'm a humanitarian. Of course I care.  And I'm glad you enjoyed that. I put more effort into that than I did the previous part of the post (which was all serious) I just got carried away...  I...
why am I laughing hysterically?  the last time I laughed this hard at a youtube video was watching this.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQ7IfSeM4jc
Agreed. Two drink minimum.
Okay this is going to sound like a whole bunch of change the way you think talk, and it is. Let's begin.    Firstly  Don't tell God it's hopeless. God is all-powerful, and through him all...
Inorite? :bored:
I have a habit of helping out whoever is losing dreadfully. :mellow:
If you find out which anime she likes or the genre, I can probably make a VERY good guess about what she's like.  I doubt she's as conservative as you think she is. Really.
If by anime girl you mean she likes anime, I wouldn't worry at all.  If by anime girl you mean like a character from an anime then... Ojou - Television Tropes & Idioms Yamato Nadeshiko -...
So am I! People always tell me I'm short but I claim to be average!:tongue:
Don't stop being you. She'll know it, and think it's stupid. Also, the infp's I know hate being treated like they're oversensitive creatures. They will resent you for it.   As for humor? You can...
BS That test can be learned.
I don't take pictures of myself: other people do. They always say they'll send them to me. Rarely happens.
People say I'm far too energetic in the mornings, and that I talk fast. Generally I stop talking when people start looking bored. No point in talking to a wall.
I agree with your boyfriend. Lies are by definition are wrong.  Telling a lie in order to save a life doesn't suddenly make the lie true.  :tongue:
Realistic?  NT's are too good for that. We deserve better than reality has to offer!  I'm voting INTP for their badass analysis powers.
All sorts of people point out I smile a lot. I guess I do.  When people ask me why, I like to say I can't help it, I have so much to be thankful for!
You're in high school. High school boys often suffer from the following ailments -Stupid -Silly -Insecure -Immature  I wouldn't sweat it too much.
Don't think of it as a waste of time because it isn't: it's grinding for levels.   You'll feel super awesome when you're doing challenging stuff, because you won't be wasting much time or energy on...
So you're saying that the ideal partner would be both fun to be around and have similar values and interests? Absolutely brilliant. You deserve a high 5!
Ignorant people don't piss me off: it isn't always their fault. People who refuse to learn piss me off.
What's wrong with having an extroverted percieving function?  Perceptions gather information for you to  judge.  What kind of idiot draws conclusions without anything to base those conclusions on?'"


5909: 'Yea there really is nothing more to it.
There is a 'dumbass' in my life too. Literally every time I talk to him I feel like taking a brick and smashing his face with it. You can't really do anything... trust me, I've tried.
Did you know what Lucid Dreams were when he said that, because that would have been awkward if you had no idea what he was talking about O_o
Oooh Lucid Dreaming! Its very fun (obviously). I won't bore you with the 'remember to Reality Check' and blah blah blah wake up 4-6 hours after sleep and stay still yada yada because you most likely...
Job wise: Engineering, robotics, construction working, architecture, woodworking, and things in that category. Also sports.
CIA world Factbook Chad  It was for an assignment
Troll Face: ENTP  You Don't say face: xNTP  Creepy Wonka- ENTP  :tongue:
Personally, I don't do this, I face the problems head on. I don't see why you can't just do that. Try to end the problem here and now so it won't cause you any troubles in the future.
ENTPs are the best at getting mad O_o
Not sure if unintentional bruising, or self harm :
|http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRZ2Sh5-XuM
There is no denying the ratio of S to N in real life exceeds the amount on the internet. In my class if I were to type people myself I would be the only NT, there would be about 2-5 NFs, and the rest...
Your score was 70 of 100.   This puts you in the category of the high Machs, people who do not belive in the goodness of the world and that because that it must be manipulated, people who...
I never cheat. And I hate it when people do cheat. When I take a test I want the mark to be 100% honest. I guess I am also testing myself; how smart am I at this? Then I judge my answer based on the...
Of course I need to be in control of my life... it's my life. It's not like I'm gonna give someone else my life and tell them to control me...
I used to cry a lot when I was around age 0-7. Then from age 7-12 I cried rarely. Now even the most intense physical pain will not get my crying. I'm not sure about emotional pain though, I don't...
I show emotion. When I am happy I will smile and appear happy. When I am sad I will appear sad. But I don't get sad often. When I am mad there is a 100 metre radius no one must enter.  It's more of...
I do this all the time. I do this to people who ask stupid questions. One person I know always asks stupid questions so he rarely gets an answer from me. If you want us to stop doing this, stop...
I procrastinate to death but I always get it in on time.
Scroll to the top of the website and on the top-right it says Tests with 3 beacons filled with a suspicious liquid :wink:. Click it and it will take you to the MBTI test, Cognitive Function test...
I got 26. Seems pretty accurate to me :3
Someone quoted me in the Post your Phobias thread and I didn't get a notification for it. It is also not in my 'quotes' section of my profile.
Okay my turn :proud:  Who ENTPs think they are:  http://img109.imageshack.us/img109/168/houseasshole.jpg  Who they really are:  http://img109.imageshack.us/img109/168/houseasshole.jpg
Work as an entrepreneur or philanthropist (not sure if I used the right word there >_>) and generate even more money and try to change the world as much as I can for the better.
If only I knew anything about enneagram :unsure:
Yeah true, she is just really shy
Cat seems like an INFP
[Ihttp://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/000/681/what-you-did-there-i-see-it.thumbnail.jpg
Reality Checking helps you lucid dream more, and in lucid dreams where you have control, you can change the dream to be as fantasy like as your heart desires. So reality checking is good because...
Of course, but I won't think negatively of myself if someone criticizes me.
No, many people hate me and I am perfectly okay with that. They have their reasons (or not) and I never let that get to me. I like myself, and that's enough for me.  I sound cheesy writing this :3
No, I never let what other people think of me change what I think about myself.
I know 2 or 3 so.... And 8% of people are ESTJs. All of the ESTJs I know are really fun to be with :proud: But they could be ESTPs... Iunno >_>
The glass is both half empty and half full. Both terms are correct.
One time I used sarcasm to a teacher. It was funny :3, but I got yelled at afterward. This was in grade.... 3?
I don't know any ISFJs, but they seem nice and helpful :3
http://i290.photobucket.com/albums/ll269/hellojackgoodbyeson/gif/Whut.gif
First off: Welcome to PersonalityCafe. I am an ENTP and my answers would be pretty much the same as yours. I am sarcastic, blunt to the point of 'rudeness', and I don't get yelled at, but people get...
Welcome to PersonalityCafe. I love books too! ^_^
Tis a pity how little of you there are on this forum, but at least there are lots of you in real life ^_^
Welcome to Personality Cafe!   ...  So what's with the Arabic?
I love Victorious :3  Anyways yeah I agree with Mr Sikowitz. I think he's an ENTP.
Intuitive-Logical Extratim - ENTp (The Inventor)  I stopped reading at  ENTps normally have a long, slim figure.  I am short.
I just finished the game and I scoured these boards until I found this thread to say YOU must play this game! No amount of words can explain it's beauty. Just go out there and buy the game!  So I...
Ima lick your window so hard!! :proud:
Welcome to PersonalityCafe!! :)
I hated it when my parents (or teachers) would talk about Santa and the Easter Bunny when I was younger. I knew they were fake all along... :P
Watching Futurama, Talking on the phone, talking on facebook...
My bad I accidently bookmarked 'New Tab' by accident >_>  I don't even know how that happened...
I often make the argument of but the rules state that..., as I hear ENTPs never make that argument.  Or if I were to be honest, I would actually say Are you deaf!? You're supposed to follow the...'"


5952: 'heh well I would say RDJ is not immature so much as very in touch with his inner child? XD hello from over a year ago~!
lol I can't believe I thought Riku was an INFP XD I would say Terra is a different type but I don't know because we don't get to see his character much tbh ISXJ? But I actually still agree with my...
The problem is that people think a kind, even friendly INTJ must be an INFJ XP
update: She is less ENTP and I feel like her personality was a little watered-down from her third appearance on
I'm going to say:  Tales of the Abyss Fon Master Ion- INFP Colonel Jade Curtis- INTJ (I always thought ENTP as a possibility for him too) Tear- ISFJ Anise- ESTP (I'm really not sure how to type...
I like this for the most part, though Gil doesn't quite strike me as an ISTP so much as someone who gives off an ISTP persona at first I believe Leo to be an INTP Ada gives me an extraverted vibe,...
I'm reeeally sorry if I did this one already, but Madoka Magica! (because I was just listening to the ending song from it) I haven't put too much thought into this, it's kinda from the top of my...
Ah, okay, it's been awhile since I've read books 4-6 so I might miss information there. I think he's quite intuitive, myself, but I can see why you would think he's an INTP *shrug*
I thought he was intuitive *shrug* We don't see as much of him as we could, but he's the only teacher who really suspected Quirrel, which I thought of as intuition. He also somehow knew where to find...
No, he's Te organized in general  An inferior Fe still actually USES Fe XD
I don't know, but they're both idiots... I always thought Chris Brown was an ESTP Rihanna's some sort of F, that's all I know
INTJ--he completely lacked empathy or any sort of Fe whatsoever. INTJs have the smarts to persuade someone through emotional manipulation or the like. As we know, he was especially good at it. The...
INTJ Ni:  draws from inside world to create outside world (i just liked that description of Ni)--tests out a variety of hypotheses in his head and thinks outside the box until he comes up with...
INFPs are all the same in claiming they aren't the same XD
Ni is always the hardest function for me to spot and it sometimes feels like Ti :P I actually think I agree with ISFJ because while she is spiritual, I would call her quite religious and all the...
oh, oops XD
hahaha well it is harder to tell apart faces of people from a different race... at first I could only distinguish a couple of them from each other (the top-left corner girl and the one right in the...
LOL they are the nine members of the most famous kpop group SNSD or, in America, Girl's Generation hmm my two favorite members are labeled lawful good and chaotic neutral, interesting XD  Anyways,...
So, revisiting this thread, I found a wonderfully perfect epitome of a female ENTP:  Clara/Oswin Oswald from Doctor Who! ...
just wondering because it'd be cool to meet, especially somehow find one on here to potentially room with. The school itself looks great, but when I looked through the list of my possible roommates...
lol I like it, I think it can be pretty funny! I know my one INTP friend gets compared to Sheldon (and they're nothing alike actually except in the fact that they both utilize the magical thing...
mom: ENFJ, she is one of my best friends ^^ dad: ESTJ (I might say N, but he's not very open-minded and quite conventional. Otherwise, I'm less sure)--I actually feel like we would get along great...
sorry I know the thread has gone pretty far now, but I just want to say this is exactly me! Actually mine started late 6th grade and it was absolutely terrible having to juggle Fe and Ne, but...
I always saw Nick Fury as an ESTJ Captain America I thought at first was an ISFJ but then I couldn't decide between T and F because he shows both yet not anything particularly of one. I might jump...
I agree, though I also think it's true that people are real life act inconsistently too.
I'm not an INFP, but I think I do this to an extent (it sort of depends on how intense you're thinking of), my INFP friend is like me in this regard XD
No way! XD Honestly, any NT should generally be intelligent, but a couple things might stand in the way of an ENTP's reputation among NTs: 1. the arrogance of XNTJs, though they almost always fall...
I feel the same way! I like to find out who they are inside and connect with them too. Usually, I'll do this more for actors that really strike a chord in me as opposed to music because what I listen...
Personality Type: ENTP  Favorite Characters: Fred and George, McGonagoll :D (not enough love for her lol), Hermione, Malfoy (Jr. lol)  Honestly, I just love all the characters (well, except for a...
Tom Hiddleston, my favorite actor ever!
ok I'm an ENTP, but one letter away so it's all good  I love astrology and have studied it for years! I'm a Pisces sun/Aquarius moon/Gemini rising :)
So when I first saw the movie I thought he was an ENTJ (but everyone (including me) has agreed that he's ENTP). So do any of you think he has a more ENTJ-ish vibe than most ENTPs or is that just me?
It's called adorkable ;D    I like your analysis! I also think he's very Fe because I've noticed recently that he is a bit like a social chameleon and adapts himself to certain interviewers when...
hmm I don't think he's an extravert, and I do think he is INFX I think he uses a lot of Fe because he's very good with social etiquette and is very good at knowing how a person is feeling, very...
KPOP! Twinkle by Girl's Generation, I'm absolutely addicted haha  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghlDJbdtIOE
I'm actually quite spiritual, believe in God, etc. though I'm not religious--there is a difference. It's funny because I saw one of those ENTP motivational posters and it said: ENTP. Spiritual,...
Hahahahaha! As an ENTP, I can definitely agree with those last two! I especially appreciated the last one XD
I took a really long test and got a perfect split between melancholy and sanguine. I heard when that happens, one is used to cover up the other and it's true: most all my peers see my sanguine side...
So here are my thoughts...  Neku: All I know is that he is introverted... Shiki: ESFJ Joshua: INTP (everyone thinks J, but I am sure he's P--whoever wants an explanation, just ask) Beat: ESFP...
I have a new villain! Well...he's kind of a villain? I guess I would say, he lacks some morals... Does anyone know/remember the gamemaker, Seneca Crane from the Hunger Games? ...
Yes, see I like this definition a lot better :) I can agree that most actions are selfish by your definition but still not the absolute all. I like your post a lot though
Interestingly enough, two of my closest friends are ISFJs! The others I've met found my Ne, when I was in that thinking mode, kinda weird, so I tone it down a little around them XD However, they...
I agree wholly with that--being able to view each perspective and identify with the hero and the villain depending on their backstory, beliefs, etc. However, I only said that not every action is...
I guess if you really twist it and misinterpret it, then yes anything can be read as selfish. (Basically, I don't agree :/ )
Actually for once I'd like to see a very serious ENTP villain, one that's like the INTJ shadow, but with the overlay of an ENTP still, as opposed to a manical ENTP. I'd find that interesting. I know...
That cell phone smashing scene was hilarious!! OMG! And the Death to Tedium guy was amusing XD I couldn't watch the other one, though the last one I just didn't watch because I hate disturbing...
ooh I found some! From my childhood:  Syndrome from the Incredibles Hades from Hercules  I love them XD
:( I don't know any of those
Surprise! I'm reviving this form because I've been really interested in this! Well what really spurred it on is that I'm writing a book and my villain in there is very ENTP and *gasp* female--because...
Well I don't know, these days EVERYTHING'S made into a disorder...'"


5980: 'Learning to drive oscillated between my mom having nearly nervous breakdowns teaching me while I drove, overexplaining EVERYTHING, giving way too much detail, and just in general, being really...
Dear Undertale run, mwahahahahaha. You're all going to die :)  Finally getting around to doing that genocide run.
http://i.imgur.com/ACXpNSs.jpg
This reminded me of strong Fi users...good lord. http://i.imgur.com/xdf9y9P.png
Does Portal count?
Liberals want laws passed which spend everyone else's money. Conservatives want laws passed which steal everyone else's money.  Libertarians just kinda sit in the back eating popcorn watching the...
I don't need to invent a 100W laser, they already exist. The other issue is the exponential loss over distance. If i had to guess, it'd only be good at a traffic stop. 100W diodes that are persistent...
It's not my prerogative, but if someone doesn't feel they are qualified or are uncomfortable talking about it, say that. Not some bullshit, Call a hotline right now, people care! Those are baseless...
Because Mellow was a freak who had no chance of being even half-considered L's successor, and Near was a wanna-be acting L with the knowledge of a demi-god just magically being prepared for...
My thing is that anytime I've been in that headspace, the only bullshit I hear people spout is call a hotline which is usually short for I don't want to talk to you about it, call someone who...
Ee in tee pee
Pretty hopeless tbh. I'm getting sick of everything and don't really see any reliably useful path forward. I can't stagnate forever but there's no forward I can reliably see.
Because whether they actually are or arn't, no one intends to call a hotline. If you're not, you don't actually need help so you'd not call, if you legitimately were, why call a place to try to talk...
Either one depending on the rest? I don't really think I have a preference. The eyes though...blue or green.
Stop telling suicidal people to 'call a hotline'. If they're actually suicidal, they either want someone other than a bullshit phone representative to try to help them (because nice words can't...
Am I the only one who feels like the second half of Death Note was meh compared to the first?
Aside from the vague answer, Doctor Who, what compelled your username?
Most of the trans community shoots themselves in the foot by being too accepting. The concepts of gender being entirely a social construct is a joke, and saying gender identity is merely a choice is...
So....Heart of Thorns expansion comes out the 23rd and I'm fangirling hardcore after playing the beta. It's going to be all kinds of silly fun and I can't wait for it. ^^ Anyone else play/heard of...
I...feel slightly outclassed. XD I can do cakes, cookies, cupcakes, hell, if you'd like, I could do a giant cake-sized cupcake with various ideas of frosting depending on preference (it's one of the...
When you get stuck behind a car with a handicap sticker going Congress-passing-bills levels of speed and you angrily say, Of COURSE you're handicapped, from the looks of it, physically isn't the...
Bring the alcohol and I'll bring the baked goods. :tongue:
It's perfect. :laughing:
:wink:Humor forged in the mines of Droknar with only the sharpest jokes found from working in IT and reading /r/trollxchromosomes and /r/TumblrInAction
Oh, so you're marginalizing me emotions now, huh? I express my (entirely valid and extreme) dissatisfaction with what you're doing right now and you tell me to 'stop whining'? Excuse me? I could have...
I'm extremely upset by how discriminatory you're being right now. Why would you purposely exclude other types, even as a joke? You know they don't have the emotional stability to handle that kind of...
ENTPs only? What kind of moron wants that? I'm the only one that matters.
Very dark humor makes me laugh, I can't help it.   Me at work: Err, your printer isn't working. Those things are possessed I swear. Gimme a sec to get my chalk, candles, and a few orphans, this...
Logic: There's no proof magic exists! *Breaks down any attempt to explain magic into scientific terms* Emotional/Ne side: But do you have ANY idea how awesome it'd be if it were though? Maybe we...
No, you stated your opinion that you can't, it's a value-based judgement so there's not a logical way to prove which one is 'right'. Different moral values would yield different responses to that...
I believe that falls into an ethics argument on: If you mislead someone and something bad occurs because of it, does whether you intended it define if you did something wrong?
But what if you start talking about X when you were mistaken and it legitimately is Y? Would that not mislead every person you talked to? Isn't that the equivalent of lying? What if one person...
But what if red is blue for someone else? What if red is scarlet? What if red is something entirely different due to our limitations of sight? Do we always measure light based on frequency and not a...
When in doubt when it comes to being trans, if you're really seriously uncertain, I always suggest a psychologist with experience in these things to help you sort things out. Maybe you just have...
I'm trans and I side with /r/TumblrInAction 98% of the time. There's a difference between supporting a cause to not oppress people and getting off on slamming everyone you meet against the head with...
5'11 f
I'd just like to correct this. For what it's worth, when you're trans, it's not this loud echoing explosion of, YOU'RE ACTUALLY A GIRL in your head. It's a huge series of lots of different feelings...
Oh god, don't ever let  COGIATI determine anything for you. That thing is the spawn of evil and inaccurate in sooooo many ways. Sexuality is something you figure out, gender is something that just...
It kinda depends. As weird as it sounds, I find lesbian women to be easier to get along with. They have more of a masculine directness while still being relateable? I don't know what it is exactly....
The few INTJs I've met can be a bit intimidating. They're a lot colder, direct, and I can't follow their train of thought like I can an INTP. It's just This is right and when I try to debate, I...
Yeah, I posted in the You know you're ENTP when forum with a troll I did, unfortunately despite all the blatant stupidity? Everyone not only thought I was serious, some even agree with my points...
Being able to troll is such an art. I have to walk such a fine line when doing so with people between saying what makes sense and saying what's obviously stupid. If I go too far and say things which...
Here's a response I got back. He really took the entire conversation very seriously.
When you post this gem in another forum and people actually take it seriously and have actual discussion on the issue. :shocked: I'm both amused and mortified for the future of the human species.
;_; I was actually looking forward to the pink.
When someone texts you with the wrong number and the conversation goes like this:   Her: Mr. B I hope your dental surgery went well. Caden mentioned you were out bc of it. I know that's not fun!...
I love lamp.
When conversations between you and your friends go a little something like this:   WARNING: NSFW  Me: YOUR MOM Her: How old are you again? You're such a dildo (I really need to work on my...
My bf is very likely INTP. I'm a little more spastic/silly than he is but we get along really well. He's good at calming me down and making me think when I get emotional and one of the few people who...
I'd argue that what is rational is to not believe something unless there is something to back it. Since there is an infinite list of possibilities that COULD be true, believing something true until...'"


5983: 'Haha the only one I can remember was this clingy girl who literally started calling me every single day, multiple times a day, and leaving long voicemails >_< I had to change my number.
Hello INTJs. I was just wondering if there was anything I should know about INTJs before said date :D Thanks!
ESFJ mother - way way wayyy overly sensitive, controlling, loud, comes up with all these theories that make no sense at all, little sense of humor, super serious about everything. does not care...
I love shopping!  ... for about 10 minutes
I got a 29 on the ACT after staying up all night and not studying.  I haven't bothered to take it again, it's not worth 5 hours of my time.
ESxJs in a power position.
Sometimes, if I'm realllllly tired, Si shows up for a little while. Otherwise, it's practically nonexistent.
oh gosh i didn't mean to sound whiny, but reading it i can see how it sounded that way. thanks for the responses :happy:
Nope, I'd rather stay ENTP :cool: But INTP is second best :happy:
I live in an Average Suburb. I go to an Average Suburban High School and have a few Average Suburban Friends. For the past few years I've just locked myelf in my room in total INTx mode but I can't...
I'm either chaotic good or neutral, depends
^^^^^^^^^^
My mom (ESFJ) separated from my dad (ISTJ) because they both find each other impossible
My mom barely knows how to use a computer. She only uses email, and she thinks search engines are browsers and browsers are operating systems o_O Also, her computer is a piece of crap. 16 gig hard...
My mom and I got into a fight, I apologized for what I did wrong. She still thinks it's all my fault, and it's not, but for the sake of being nice, I let her think that. I can't control her apology....
My cousin calls me insane
Well sometimes, yeah.
Live in the moment is foreign to me
Because I said so  That's just the way it is We'll see  Don't argue with me, young lady  Because I'm the parent! etc.   And at one point I had a question limit. 10 Qs per hour! I...
Facebook, and only Facebook :happy:
YES. Alllllll the time. My cousin calls me clinically insane.  :tongue:   I love it when people harass other people for their bad grammer :laughing:
exactly   !
I say Star Trek
i like BRIGHT COLORS. and black.  and my socks are always 2 different colors  :proud:  and sometimes i go through times where i want to wear the same thing for weeks.
I adore quotes that I like because they are like exactly but I'm saying but better and packaged much more nicely.
get a space suit and tour space until the air runs out/ i crash into something
I know that when I hear it can't be done or no, that's probably not going to happen or no, that's impossible it makes me determined to prove them wrong. I don't believe in no.  What about...
Honestly, I'm not sure at all. Sometimes I feel like a full ENTP and other times a full INTP.   But I haven't been that way until recently. You see, my parents are both SJs, and I grew up very...
i'm guilty of that i play with it for a little while then get bored and move on
Do you mean you never liked it in the first place and, after discovering MBTI, you realized you have legitimate complaints?
mostly, The Visionaries   Originator   Groundbreaking Thinker   The Innovator  but at least some of all of them
like today, she was apparently joking with me. i had no idea. apparently 'funny' to her is insulting me in a 'funny' way. and what she was saying was something she would say to me seriously. so i got...
How should I improve them? :tongue:
Also, she's CONSTANTLY TEXTING and every 30 seconds there's a RINGGGGGGGG PISSES ME OFF :angry::angry::angry::angry:
I still have a year before I can really do anything. I just turned 15 so I still have to rely on her to drive me everywhere. Also, I'm an only child, and my dad (who's an ISTJ and doesn't really...
I am 15 and she treats me like a 5 year old. SO SMOTHERING.  Then when I tell her to back off she acts like I just committed murder.  She's always right. If not, you're dead. If you disagree with...
Not only does my mom talk a lot during them, she points out the obvious  :dry:  Like if something's blown up, she'll be like LOOK! IT'S BLOWN UP! and if someone dies she'll be like SOMEONE...
I wasn't necessarily obnoxious, but I could be if I had to. As in, when I was learning about something I was interested in, I was perfectly quiet, but when something pissed me off, I wouldn't hide...
Today, I was telling my ISTJ dad about something SUPER HAPPY EXCITING and the first thing he said was something about chores :dry:  Are all of you like that?
violence sucks, except in some movies and video games
i'm almost and intp, and i hate school. everyone is super anal and everyone in my class are morons. i do just enough to get by.
My mom went through this phase was obsessed with ironing. She would make me iron everything before I wore it, even if I was late for school :dry:  one time she even ironed her sheets!  I HATE...
One time, when I was a kid, I had a panic attack after I read a bunch of stuff in the medical dictionary when I realized exactly how much stuff out there could kill me.  Now, I occasionally have...
Why do they have to take it as a personal attack? :confused: It's just a way to have a more interesting conversation :sad:
welll right, i mean i spend a lot of time making sure the image i project is how i really am (because i think i am cool)
Sometimes I can really lose it :P
entp naturalist
I don't think most people fit strictly into one box.
yes I do, and I live in California
I think I might be both INTP and ENTP :P'"


